Brand: RAZER
Model: Blade Stealth 13
URL: https://www.manua.ls/razer/blade-stealth-13/manual
Total Pages: 43
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
1 | Razer™ 
 
 
 
Designed for Gamers, the Razer Blade Stealth sets the new standard for ultra-mobility 
and extreme performance. The incredibly thin 0.52” CNC aluminum chassis encases an 
Intel®  Core™  i7  processor,  PCIe  SSD,  and  the  most  visually  stunning  13.3”  high-
resolution  touch  display.  Never  before  seen  in  a  notebook,  the  full-spectrum 
individually-lit  Chroma  keyboard  enables  unique  personalization.  The  Razer  Blade 
Stealth packs a full array of connectivity including Thunderbolt™ 3 (USB-C), 2x USB 3.0, 
HDMI, Bluetooth, and Wireless-AC for superior speed. For extreme performance, the 
Razer Blade Stealth fuses seamlessly with the optional Razer Core via Thunderbolt  3, 
delivering desktop graphics and expanded connectivity.

--- Page 2 ---
2 | For Gamers. By Gamers.™ 
 
 
 
 
 
CONTENTS 
1. PACKAGE CONTENTS / REGISTRATION / TECHNICAL SUPPORT ................... 3 
2. BASIC FEATURES ......................................................................................... 5 
3. SETTING UP YOUR RAZER BLADE STEALTH ................................................. 1 
4. USING YOUR RAZER BLADE STEALTH .......................................................... 6 
5. CONFIGURING YOUR RAZER BLADE STEALTH ............................................. 7 
6. SAFETY AND MAINTENANCE ..................................................................... 34 
7. LEGALESE .................................................................................................. 36

--- Page 3 ---
3 | Razer™ 
 
1. PACKAGE CONTENTS / REGISTRATION / TECHNICAL SUPPORT 
 
 
PACKAGE CONTENTS 
  Razer Blade Stealth 13.3” laptop 
  USB-C power adapter 
  Micro-fiber cleaning cloth 
  Important Product Information Guide 
 
 
REGISTRATION 
 
   
 
Visit razerzone.com/razer-id to sign up for a Razer ID now to get a wide range of Razer 
benefits. For example, get real-time information on your product’s warranty status via 
Razer  Synapse.  To  learn  more  about  Razer  Synapse  and  all  its  features,  visit 
razerzone.com/synapse. 
 
If you already have a Razer ID, register your product by clicking on your email address 
within the Razer Synapse  application and select Warranty Status from the dropdown 
list. 
 
To register your product online, visit razerzone.com/registration. Please note that you 
will not be able to view your warranty status if you register via the website. 
Your product’s serial number 
can be found here.

--- Page 4 ---
4 | For Gamers. By Gamers.™ 
 
TECHNICAL SUPPORT 
What you’ll get: 
  1 year limited manufacturer’s warranty. 
  1 year limited battery warranty. 
  Access to manual and free online technical support at razersupport.com. 
 
For further assistance, contact us: 
 
Country 
Phone 
Email 
Australia 
1800-172937 
razersupport.com/contact-us  
Canada / US 
1-855-87-25233 (BLADE) 
Dubai 
971-4-388-33-71 
Korea 
798-8523-8003 
Malaysia 
1800-8872937 
Philippines 
1800-18530041 
Singapore 
800-601-1456 
Taiwan 
809 093 203 
Thailand 
+66 2018 2411 
International 
1-760-448-8997 
 
Other support options are also available by visiting razersupport.com.

--- Page 5 ---
5 | Razer™ 
 
2. BASIC FEATURES 
 
 
  
A. Array Microphone 
B.  Webcam Indicator Light 
C.  720P webcam 
D. 13.3-inch QHD+ touch display 
E.  Stereo speakers incorporating 
Dolby® Digital Plus Home Theater 
Edition 
F.  Power Button 
G. Anti-ghosting  keyboard  with 
Razer Chroma™ backlighting 
H.  Multi-touch trackpad 
I.  Front LED power indicator 
J.  2x USB 3.0 ports 
K.  HDMI 2.0 Port 
L.  Power  Port  /  Thunderbolt™  3 
(USB-C) port 
M.  3.5mm Combo Port

--- Page 6 ---
1 | Razer™ 
 
3. SETTING UP YOUR RAZER BLADE STEALTH  
 
 
Connect the Power Adapter as follows: 
 
 
 
Make sure that the AC plug is properly inserted into the power outlet and the power 
adapter.  An  indicator  will  light  up  to  show  that  the  adapter  is  receiving  appropriate 
power.  Insert  the  power  adapter’s  USB-C  connector  into  the  Razer  Blade  Stealth’s 
power port. Press the power button to turn on your Razer Blade Stealth. 
 
 
 
For first time use, please fully charge your Razer Blade Stealth or connect it to a power 
outlet  before  turning  it  on.  It  takes  approximately  3  hours  to  fully  charge  the  Razer 
Blade Stealth.

--- Page 7 ---
2 | For Gamers. By Gamers.™ 
 
CONNECTING TO THE INTERNET 
Disclaimer:   The screens shown are subject to change based on the current version of your Operating System. 
 
1.  Click  the  wireless  network  icon  ( )  to  bring  up  the  Wireless  network  list.  The 
system will automatically search for wireless networks in range.

--- Page 8 ---
3 | Razer™ 
 
2. Click the network you wish to connect to and click Connect.

--- Page 9 ---
4 | For Gamers. By Gamers.™ 
 
3. Enter the network password (if any) and select whether to enable network sharing. 
Click Next. 
 
 
 
4. Once you are connected to the wireless network, click anywhere outside the window 
to return to the desktop.

--- Page 10 ---
5 | Razer™ 
 
RAZER SYNAPSE ACCOUNT CREATION & INSTALLATION 
Razer Synapse allows you to sync your Razer Blade Stealth and other supported Razer 
peripherals to a cloud server to download driver and firmware updates. You will also be 
able  to  configure  the  Switchblade  User  Interface,  key  bindings,  profiles,  macros, 
backlighting and more within the application. In addition, Razer Synapse will allow you 
to immediately register your product and get real-time information on your product’s 
warranty status.  All your custom settings will be stored in the cloud too.  
  
 
 
1.  Razer Synapse will start automatically once you enter Windows 10. 
2.  Register for a Razer ID and confirm your new account.  
3.  Open Razer Synapse and login to your account.  
4.  Wait until Synapse automatically downloads and installs the necessary drivers.

--- Page 11 ---
6 | For Gamers. By Gamers.™ 
 
4. USING YOUR RAZER BLADE STEALTH 
 
 
STATUS INDICATORS 
 
 
 
Sleep 
On 
Low battery 
(10% left) 
Low battery 
(3% left) 
Front LED 
indicator 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KEYBOARD FUNCTION KEYS 
 
 
Pressing  the  “FN”  key  in  combination  with  the  function  keys  will  activate  their 
secondary functions. 
 
Function key 
Secondary function description 
 
The audio volume controls allow you to mute ( ), decrease ( ) 
and increase ( ) the audio output. 
 
Toggles the monitor output. 
  
The media keys allow you to play/pause ( ) the current track, 
return to the previous track ( ) or skip to the next track ( ). 
 
The screen brightness keys allow you to decrease ( ) or increase 
( ) the brightness of the Razer Blade’s screen. 
 
The  LED control  keys  allow  you  to  decrease  ( )  or  increase 
( ) the brightness of your keyboard’s LEDs.

--- Page 12 ---
7 | Razer™ 
 
5. CONFIGURING YOUR RAZER BLADE STEALTH  
 
 
Disclaimer:   The features listed here require you to log in to Razer Synapse. These features are also subject to 
change based on the current software version and your Operating System. 
 
SYSTEM TAB 
The System Tab is your default tab when you first install Razer Synapse. This tab allows 
you to customize your device’s profiles and key assignments.

--- Page 13 ---
8 | For Gamers. By Gamers.™ 
 
Profile 
A profile is a convenient way of organizing all your custom settings and you can have an 
infinite  number  of  profiles  at  your  disposal.  Any  changes  made  within  each  tab  are 
automatically saved to the current profile and stored into the cloud servers. 
 
 
 
You  can  create  a  new  profile  by  clicking  the   button  or  delete  the  current 
profile by clicking the   button. The   button allows you to Copy, Import, 
and Export profiles. Your current profile by default is named “Profile” however; you can 
rename it by typing on the text field below PROFILE NAME.  
 
Each  profile  can  be  set  to  FN  +  0  -  9  using  the  SHORTCUT  dropdown  menu  for  fast 
profile switching. Each profile can also be set to automatically activate when you run a 
program or application through the use of the LINK PROGRAM option.

--- Page 14 ---
9 | Razer™ 
 
Keyboard Tab 
The Keyboard Tab is where you can modify the basic functionalities of your device such 
as  key  assignments  and  trackpad  sensitivity  to  suit  your  gaming  needs.  The  changes 
made in this tab are automatically saved to your current profile.

--- Page 15 ---
10 | For Gamers. By Gamers.™ 
 
Key Assignment Menu 
Initially, each key is set to DEFAULT. However, you may change the function of this key 
by clicking the desired key to access the Key Assignment Menu. 
 
 
 
Listed below are the customization options and their description. 
 
 Default  
This  option  enables  you  to  return  the  key  to  its  original  function.  To  choose  the 
DEFAULT, simple select it from the Key Assignment Menu. 
 
 Keyboard Function 
This option enables you to change any key into another keyboard function. To choose a 
keyboard function,  select  KEYBOARD  FUNCTION  from the  Key  Assignment  Menu  and 
enter the key you wish to use on the given field below. You may also include modifier 
keys such as Ctrl, Shift, Alt or any of those combinations.

--- Page 16 ---
11 | Razer™ 
 
 Mouse Function 
This option allows you to change any key into a mouse button function. To choose a 
mouse  function,  select  MOUSE  FUNCTION  from  the  Key  Assignment  Menu  and  an 
ASSIGN BUTTON submenu will appear. 
 
Listed below are the functions which you can choose from the Assign Button submenu: 
 
Left Click   - Performs a left mouse click using the assigned button.  
Right Click   - Performs a right mouse click using the assigned button.  
Scroll Click  - Activates the universal scrolling function. 
Double Click   - Performs a double left click using the assigned button. 
Mouse Button 4  - Performs a “Backward” command for most internet browsers. 
Mouse Button 5  - Performs a “Forward” command for most internet browsers. 
Scroll Up  - Performs a “Scroll Up” command using the assigned button. 
Scroll Down  - Performs a “Scroll Down” command using the assigned button. 
Scroll Left              - Performs a “Scroll Left” command using the assigned button. 
Scroll Right            - Performs a “Scroll Right” command using the assigned button. 
 
 Inter-device 
Inter-device  allows  you  to  change  the  functionality  of  other  Razer  Synapse-enabled 
devices.  Some  of  these  functionalities  are  device-specific  such  as  using  your  Razer 
gaming keyboard to change the Sensitivity Stage of your Razer gaming mouse. When 
you select Inter-device from the Key Assignment Menu, a sub-menu will appear.  
 
DEVICE TO LINK allows you to choose which currently connected Razer device can be 
linked while FUNCTION allows you to choose which functionality you want to  use for 
the linked device. 
 
 Macro 
A Macro is a prerecorded sequence of keystrokes and button presses that is executed 
with precise timing. By setting a key to Macro, you can conveniently execute a chain of 
commands. When you select this option from the Key Assignment Menu, a submenu 
will  appear  which  allows  you  to  choose  a  prerecorded  macro  command.  See  the 
MACROS TAB to learn more about creating Macro commands.

--- Page 17 ---
12 | For Gamers. By Gamers.™ 
 
 Switch Profile 
The Switch Profile enables you to change profiles on the fly and immediately load all 
your pre-configured settings. When you select Switch Profile from the Key Assignment 
Menu, a sub-menu will appear that will allow you to choose which profile to use. An 
on-screen display will automatically appear whenever you switch profiles.  
 
 Launch Program 
Launch Program allows you to launch a program or a website using the assigned key. 
When  you  select  Launch  Program  from  the  Key  Assignment  Menu,  two  options  will 
appear which allow you to search for the specific program you want to open or write 
the address of the website you want to visit. 
 
 Multimedia Function 
This  option  allows  you  to  bind  multimedia  playback  controls  to  your  device.  After 
selecting Multimedia Function, a submenu will appear. Listed below are the multimedia 
playback controls you can choose from the submenu: 
 
Volume Down  - Decreases the audio output. 
Volume Up  - Increases the audio output. 
Mute Volume  - Mutes the audio. 
Mic Volume Up  - Increases the microphone volume. 
Mic Volume Down  - Decreases the microphone volume. 
Mute Mic  - Mutes the microphone. 
Mute All  - Mute both microphone and audio output. 
Play / Pause  - Play, pause, or resume playback of the current media. 
Previous Track  - Play the previous track. 
Next Track  - Play the next track. 
 
 Windows 8 Charms 
This option enables you to assign the key into an Operating System shortcut command. 
For  more  information  please  visit:  http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-
8/getting-around-tutorial

--- Page 18 ---
13 | Razer™ 
 
 Windows Shortcuts 
This option enables you to assign the key into an Operating System shortcut command. 
For more information please visit: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/126449  
 
 Disable 
This option renders the assigned key unusable. Use Disable if you do not want to use 
the key or if it interferes with your gaming.

--- Page 19 ---
14 | For Gamers. By Gamers.™ 
 
Trackpad Configuration 
You can adjust the response of the trackpad and change  the gestures by clicking the 
links on the user interface. 
 
 
 
Listed below are the options and their descriptions. 
 
Trackpad Settings 
Use  this  link  to  select  your  primary  button,  set  the  scroll  behavior,  and  change  the 
touchpad delay. 
 
Windows PC Settings 
Use this link to edit gestures, cursor pointing options, and other advance features.

--- Page 20 ---
15 | Razer™ 
 
Lighting Tab 
The Lighting Tab is where you can customize the color of the lighting of individual keys 
or select pre-loaded lighting effects to be applied to the entire keyboard. You can also 
adjust the brightness of the keyboard lighting when plugged in or running on battery. 
Changes made in this tab will be automatically saved to the current profile.

--- Page 21 ---
16 | For Gamers. By Gamers.™ 
 
Pre-loaded lighting effects 
A number of pre-loaded lighting effects can be selected and applied to your keyboard 
lighting  as  a  whole,  such  as  spectrum  lighting,  breathing  etc.  The  default  effect  is 
spectrum lighting. Select your desired effect and their corresponding properties (such 
as color) from the bottom area of this tab.  
 
 
Name 
Description 
How to set up 
 
Spectrum cycling 
The lighting on the keyboard will 
cycle between 16.8 million 
colors indefinitely 
Default effect. No 
further 
customization 
required 
 
Wave 
The keyboard lighting will scroll 
in the direction selected with a 
default spectrum of colors 
Select either left-
to-right or right-
to-left wave 
direction 
 
Static 
The keyboard will remain lit in 
the selected color 
Select  the  desired 
lighting color 
 
Breathing 
The keyboard lighting fades in 
and out of the selected color(s) 
Select up to 2 
colors for this 
setting 
 
Reactive 
Keys  on  the  keyboard  will  light 
up  in  the  selected  color  when 
pressed. The lit key will fade off 
after a specified period of time. 
Select  the  color  of 
the  keys  and  the 
length  of  time  for 
the  key  to  remain 
lit. 
 
Ripple 
The keyboard lighting ripples on 
key  press,  centered  around  the 
pressed key. Each ripple spreads 
across the entire keyboard once. 
Select  the  initial 
ripple color.

--- Page 22 ---
17 | Razer™ 
 
Advanced lighting configuration 
Accessible from Razer Synapse, is an advanced Chroma configurator for your Chroma-
enabled device. Click the link from the Lighting tab to open this configurator. 
 
1)  Select the zones on the keyboard to customize. You can select multiple regions 
with the CTRL key. 
2)  Add an Effect layer for the selected region. 
3)  Customize the effects using the various options. 
4)  Click the APPLY button to save and apply all configurations to your mouse mat. 
 
 
 
Customized lighting effects 
You  can  also  select  the  lighting  color  for  each  key  individually.  Select  the  Effect 
“Custom” and select the key to change. Then pick a color using the color picker. 
 
The  “Custom”  option  also  includes  templates  for  various  game  genres  such  as  FPS, 
MOBA, MMO and RTS etc.

--- Page 23 ---
18 | For Gamers. By Gamers.™ 
 
Gaming Mode Tab
 
 
The Gaming Mode Tab helps you prevent  accidental key presses.  Depending on your 
settings,  you  may  choose  to  disable  the  Windows  key,  Alt  +  Tab  and  Alt  +  F4. 
Furthermore, you can maximize the effect of Anti-Ghosting  by activating the Gaming 
mode function.

--- Page 24 ---
19 | Razer™ 
 
Power Tab  
The Power Tab allows you to manage your device’s energy consumption when running 
on batteries. You can also set your device to enter sleep mode when it has been idle for 
a certain amount of time.

--- Page 25 ---
20 | For Gamers. By Gamers.™ 
 
MACROS TAB 
The Macros Tab allows you to create a series of precise keystrokes and button presses. 
This  tab  also  allows  you  to  have  numerous  macros  and  extremely  long  macro 
commands at your disposal.  
 
 
 
The Macro section works similarly to Profile wherein you can rename a macro by typing 
on the field below MACRO NAME. There are also other options available in the macro 
section such as creating a new macro by clicking the   button and deleting the 
current macro by clicking the   button. The   button allows you to Copy, 
Import, and Export macros. 
 
To  create  a  macro  command,  simply  click  the   button  and  all  your 
keystrokes and button presses will automatically register on the macro screen.  When 
you are done recording your macro commands, click on the   button to end 
the session.

--- Page 26 ---
21 | Razer™ 
 
The Macro  section  allows  you  to  input  the  delay  in-between  commands.  In  RECORD 
DELAY  the  delay  in-between  commands  are  registered  as  how  it  is  entered.  The 
DEFAULT DELAY  uses a predefined time (expressed in seconds) as the delay.  And NO 
DELAY omits all the pauses in-between keystrokes and button presses. 
 
 
 
Note: You may use up to three decimal places when inserting values on the seconds (sec) field.

--- Page 27 ---
22 | For Gamers. By Gamers.™ 
 
Once you have recorded a macro, you may edit the commands you have entered  by 
selecting  each  command  on  the  macro  screen.  Each  keystroke  or  button  press  is 
arranged sequentially with the first command shown at the top of the screen. 
 
 
 
The   button allows you to edit a particular command and the   button 
enables  you  to  delete  a  command.  The   and   buttons  gives  you  the 
option to move the command up or down.  
 
The   button allows you to put in additional keystrokes, button presses or time 
delays either before or after the selected command.

--- Page 28 ---
23 | Razer™ 
 
Once you have pressed the   button, a new display window will appear beside 
the list of macro commands. The dropdown menu on this window allows you to choose 
a keystroke or a delay to be added in before or after the highlighted macro command.

--- Page 29 ---
24 | For Gamers. By Gamers.™ 
 
 
 
You may add in a new set of macro commands by clicking the   button on the 
keystroke menu; or input time delays on the duration field using the delay menu.

--- Page 30 ---
25 | Razer™ 
 
CHROMA APPS TAB 
The Chroma Apps Tab allows 3
rd
 party apps to access your Chroma-enabled devices and 
unlock additional features when using particular games or applications.  
 
Settings Tab 
To enable the Chroma Apps function, click   and visit razerzone.com/chroma-
workshop to download an app.

--- Page 31 ---
26 | For Gamers. By Gamers.™ 
 
Apps List Tab 
The  Apps  list  is  where  all  your  Chroma  apps  are  listed.  From  this  tab  you  can  view 
additional information regarding a particular Chroma app by double-clicking it on the 
list or  selecting  the  Chroma  app and  clicking  .  You  can  also  rearrange  the  list 
using drag-and-drop or by clicking    and  .

--- Page 32 ---
27 | Razer™ 
 
To disable a Chroma app, open the additional information window of that app and click 
.  
 
 
 
You may also disable the Chroma app by right-clicking on the app from the list and click 
.

--- Page 33 ---
28 | For Gamers. By Gamers.™ 
 
STATS & HEATMAPS 
Note: The images shown here are for reference only and may differ from the actual device. 
 
Stats  &  Heatmaps  help  you  analyze  your  gameplay  by  tracking  your  in-game  mouse 
clicks,  mouse  movement  and  keyboard  usage  and  visualizing  it  in  form  of  heatmap 
overlays.  This  function  is  disabled  by  default.  To  enable  this  function,  click  the 
notification  icon  next  to  your  user  name  in  the  Razer  Synapse  window  and  select 
“Enable Stats & Heatmaps”.  
 
 
 
Confirm to enable the function in the dialog box that appears. Return to Razer Synapse 
and  a  new  “Stats”  tab  will  be  available.  Simply  click  the  tab  to  open  the  function 
window.

--- Page 34 ---
29 | Razer™ 
 
Games List 
Stats & Heatmaps work by tracking the usage of all supported devices for each game. 
When  the  feature  is  enabled,  it automatically scans  your  system  for  installed games 
and adds  them  to  the Games  List located  on the left side of  the screen. Click   to 
show or hide the Games List. 
 
 
 
From  this  list,  you  can  add  more  games  that  have  not  been  automatically  detected, 
using the   button, edit  games  with the   button or re-scan your system  with the 
 button to search for newly installed games.

--- Page 35 ---
30 | For Gamers. By Gamers.™ 
 
Stats Tab 
By default, the Stats Tab shows you the overall statistics of all your Razer devices for all 
games and all time. You can select a specific game via the game list on the left side, 
change the time period using the SHOWING dropdown menu, or the Razer device using 
the DEVICES dropdown menu.

--- Page 36 ---
31 | Razer™ 
 
Heatmaps Tab - Keyboard 
Heatmaps  Tab  shows  the  most  frequently  used  keys  on  your  Razer  device  for  each 
game on your Games List.

--- Page 37 ---
32 | For Gamers. By Gamers.™ 
 
Social Media 
You  can  share  your  heatmap  image  on  social  media  networks  such  as  Facebook  or 
Twitter directly from Razer Synapse. 
 
From the Heatmaps tab, click the Share button on the bottom right of the screen. You 
will be prompted to login to the selected social media using an existing account if you 
have not already done so.

--- Page 38 ---
33 | Razer™ 
 
You can also login to your social media accounts first from the “SETTINGS” screen. 
From the Stats & Heatmaps window, click  . Select the “ACCOUNTS” tab. Click 
CONNECT next to the social media network you wish to sync with. Enter your login 
details and wait for the connection to complete.

--- Page 39 ---
34 | For Gamers. By Gamers.™ 
 
6. SAFETY AND MAINTENANCE 
 
 
SAFETY GUIDELINES 
In order to achieve maximum safety while using your  Razer Blade Stealth, we suggest 
that you adopt the following guidelines: 
 
1.  Should you have trouble operating the device properly and troubleshooting does 
not  work,  unplug  the  device  and  contact  the  Razer  hotline  or  go  to 
www.razersupport.com for support. Do not attempt to service or fix the device 
yourself at any time. 
 
3.  Do  not  take  apart  the  device  (doing  so  will  void  your  warranty)  and  do  not 
attempt to operate it under abnormal current loads. 
 
4.  Keep the device away from liquid, humidity or moisture. Operate the device only 
within the specific temperature range of 0°C (32°F) to 40°C  (104°F). Should the 
temperature exceed this range, unplug and switch off the device in order to let 
the temperature stabilize to an optimal level. 
 
 
COMFORT 
Research  has  shown  that  long  periods  of  repetitive  motion,  improper  positioning  of 
your computer peripherals, incorrect body position, and poor habits may be associated 
with physical discomfort and injury to nerves, tendons, and muscles.  Below are some 
guidelines to avoid injury and ensure optimum comfort while using your  Razer Blade 
Stealth. 
 
1.  Position  your  laptop  directly  in  front  of  you.  If  you  have  an  external  mouse, 
position it  next to the laptop. Place your  elbows  next to your side, not too far 
away and your mouse within easy reach. 
 
2.  Adjust the height of your chair and table so that the laptop is at or below elbow 
height. 
 
3.  Keep your feet well supported, posture straight and your shoulders relaxed.

--- Page 40 ---
35 | Razer™ 
 
4.  During gameplay, relax your wrist and keep it straight. If you do the same tasks 
with your hands repeatedly, try not to bend, extend or twist your hands for long 
periods. 
 
5.  Do not rest your wrists on hard surfaces for long periods. When using an external 
mouse, use a wrist rest to support your wrist while gaming. 
 
6.  Do not sit in the same position all day. Get up, step away from your desk and do 
exercises to stretch your arms, shoulders, neck and legs. 
 
7.  If you should experience any physical discomfort while using your laptop, such as 
pain,  numbness,  or  tingling  in  your  hands,  wrists,  elbows,  shoulders,  neck  or 
back, please consult a qualified medical doctor immediately. 
 
 
BATTERY 
The Razer Blade Stealth contains an internal, lithium-ion polymer rechargeable battery. 
In general, the life expectancy of such batteries is dependent upon usage. Heavy daily 
usage use will result in shorter battery life. Casual use will extend battery life. If you 
suspect that the lithium-ion rechargeable battery inside the Razer Blade Stealth may be 
drained (has a low charge), try charging it. If the battery does not recharge after several 
attempts,  it  may  be  non-operational.  Dispose  of  batteries  according  to  your  local 
environmental laws and guidelines.

--- Page 41 ---
36 | For Gamers. By Gamers.™ 
 
7. LEGALESE 
 
 
COPYRIGHT AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFORMATION 
©  2016  Razer  Inc.  All  rights  reserved. Razer,  For  Gamers.  By Gamers,  and the  triple-
headed  snake  logo are  trademarks  or  registered  trademarks of  Razer  Inc.  and/or 
affiliated companies in the United States or other countries. All other trademarks and 
trade  names  are  the  property  of  their  respective  owners  and  other  company  and 
product names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective companies. 
 
Windows and the Windows logo are trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies. 
 
Manufactured under license from Dolby Laboratories. 
Dolby,  Dolby  Home  Theater  and  the  double-D  symbol  are  trademarks  of  Dolby 
Laboratories. 
 
Razer  Inc.  (“Razer”)  may  have  copyright,  trademarks,  trade  secrets,  patents,  patent 
applications, or other intellectual property rights (whether registered or unregistered) 
concerning  the  product  in  this  guide.  Furnishing  of  this  guide  does  not  give  you  a 
license  to  any such copyright,  trademark,  patent or  other  intellectual  property right. 
The Razer Blade Stealth (the “Product”) may differ from pictures whether on packaging 
or otherwise. Razer assumes no responsibility for such differences or for any errors that 
may appear. Information contained herein is subject to change without notice. 
 
 
LIMITED PRODUCT WARRANTY 
For the latest and current terms of the Limited Product Warranty, please visit 
www.razerzone.com/warranty. 
 
 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
Razer shall in no event be liable for any lost profits, loss of information or data, special, 
incidental, indirect, punitive or consequential or incidental damages, arising in any way 
out of distribution of, sale of, resale of,  use  of, or inability  to use  the Product. In  no 
event shall Razer’s liability exceed the retail purchase price of the Product.

--- Page 42 ---
37 | Razer™ 
 
COSTS OF PROCUREMENT 
For  the  avoidance  of  doubt,  in  no  event  will  Razer  be  liable  for  any  costs  of 
procurement unless it has been advised of the possibility of such damages, and in no 
case  shall  Razer  be  liable  for  any  costs  of  procurement  liability  exceeding  the  retail 
purchase price of the Product. 
 
 
GENERAL 
These terms shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the jurisdiction in 
which  the  Product  was  purchased.  If  any  term  herein  is  held  to  be  invalid  or 
unenforceable, then such term (in so far as it is invalid or unenforceable) shall be given 
no effect and deemed to be excluded without invalidating any of the remaining terms. 
Razer reserves the right to amend any term at any time without notice. 
 
 
FCC DECLARATION OF CONFORMANCE 
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital 
device,  pursuant  to  part  15  of  the  FCC  Rules.  These  limits  are  designed  to  provide 
reasonable  protection  against  harmful  interference  in  a  residential  installation.  This 
equipment generates, uses and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed 
and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio 
communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a 
particular  installation.  If  this  equipment  does  cause  harmful  interference  to  radio  or 
television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, 
the  user  is  encouraged  to  try  to  correct  the  interference  by  one  or  more  of  the 
following measures: 
- Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna. 
- Increase the separation between the equipment and the receiver. 
- Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the 
receiver is connected. 
- Consult the dealer or an experienced radio TV technician for help. 
For more information, refer to the online help system on www.razerzone.com.

--- Page 43 ---
38 | For Gamers. By Gamers.™ 
 
FCC CAUTION STATEMENT 
Any  changes  or  modifications  not  expressly  approved  by  the  party  responsible  for 
compliance could void the user's authority to operate this equipment. 
 
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following 
two conditions: 
 
(1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and 
(2) This device must accept any interference received, including interference that may 
cause undesired operation. 
 
IMPORTANT NOTE: 
FCC Radiation Exposure Statement: 
This  equipment  complies  with  FCC  radiation  exposure  limits  set  forth  for  an 
uncontrolled environment. End users must follow the specific operating instructions for 
satisfying  RF  exposure  compliance.  This  transmitter  must  not  be  co-located  or 
operating in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter. 
 
 
USAGE RESTRICTIONS 
This Razer device was developed and designed to comply with the various wireless and 
telecom agency requirements throughout the world.  This ensures that the device  do 
not cause any harm to Public Switching  Telecommunication Networks (PSTN) and do 
not  violate  any  power  and  frequency  spectrum  allocations  on  a  country  by  country 
basis. This device was also designed to be compliant with regulatory agency limits for 
Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC). 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE FOR USE IN HEALTHCARE ENVIRONMENTS 
This Razer device is not a medical device  and is not listed under UL or IEC 60601 (or 
equivalent). This device should be kept at a certain distance to avoid harmful effects to 
patients or medical equipment. 
 
 
AVIATION USAGE RESTRICTIONS 
Certain restrictions apply to this device while on-board an aircraft.  Razer encourages 
you to understand these restrictions to ensure the flight’s safety and security.

