Brand: RAZER
Model: Blade 17
URL: https://www.manua.ls/razer/blade-17/manual
Total Pages: 36
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
0 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
 
 
Designed  for  true  portability,  incredible  performance,  and  with  an  all-new  user 
interface, the Razer™ Blade is a revolution in PC gaming. Less than 0.9 inches thin and 
lighter than 7 pounds, the Razer Blade is the thinnest* 17” performance notebook in its 
class. The Razer Blade comes equipped with an ultra-fast Intel® Core™ i7 processor and 
a high performance NVIDIA® GeForce® graphics processor for gaming on the go.  The 
Razer Blade also features the cutting edge Switchblade User Interface  – ten  dynamic 
adaptive  tactile  keys  integrated  with  a  vibrant  multi-touch  LCD  track-panel  –  for  use 
both as a secondary information screen and a gaming grade trackpad.  
 
Performance, power, and an all-new user interface – the Razer Blade is the world’s first 
true gaming laptop. 
 
*at time of launch

--- Page 2 ---
1 | razer™ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
1. PACKAGE CONTENTS / REGISTRATION / TECHNICAL SUPPORT ................... 2 
2. TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS ....................................................................... 3 
3. BASIC FEATURES ......................................................................................... 4 
4. KEYBOARD FEATURES ................................................................................. 5 
5. SETTING UP YOUR RAZER BLADE ................................................................ 6 
6. USING YOUR RAZER BLADE ......................................................................... 8 
7. CONFIGURING YOUR RAZER BLADE .......................................................... 15 
8. RESTORING YOUR OPERATING SYSTEM .................................................... 29 
9. SAFETY AND MAINTENANCE ..................................................................... 31 
10. LEGALESE ................................................................................................ 33

--- Page 3 ---
2 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
1. PACKAGE CONTENTS / REGISTRATION / TECHNICAL SUPPORT 
 
 
PACKAGE CONTENTS 
  Razer Blade  
  Power Adapter 
  Micro-Fiber Cleaning Cloth 
  Quick Start Guide 
  2x Switchblade UI Screen Protector 
 
 
REGISTRATION 
Please visit www.razerzone.com/registration for online product registration. 
 
 
TECHNICAL SUPPORT 
What you’ll get: 
  1 year limited manufacturer’s warranty. 
  1 year limited battery warranty. 
  Access to manual and free online technical support at www.razersupport.com. 
  For further assistance, you can call these numbers: 
 
Country 
Phone 
Email 
Canada / US 
1-855-87-25233 
(BLADE) 
bladesupport@razerzone.com 
Singapore 
800-6011456 
bladesupport_ap@razerzone.com 
China 
400-0808-767 
400-0808-769 
support-cn@razerzone.com 
International 
1-760-448-8997 
bladesupport@razerzone.com

--- Page 4 ---
3 | razer™ 
 
2. TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS 
 
 
Processor:    Intel® Core™ i7-3632QM 2.2 GHz / 3.2 GHz (Base / Turbo) 
Graphics Engine:  NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 660M 
RAM:     8GB Dual Channel DDR3 at 1600MHz 
Screen-size:   17.3” Aspect Ratio 16:9 
Resolution:    1920 x 1080 Full HD 
Storage:    64GB Solid-State Drive (SSD) + 500GB Hard Disk Drive (HDD)  
Communications:  Wi-Fi 802.11 A/G/N & Bluetooth® 4.0 
Dimensions:   427mm / 16.81" (Width) x 22mm / 0.88" (Height)  
x 277mm / 10.9" (Depth) 
Weight:    3.00kg / 6.63 lbs

--- Page 5 ---
4 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
3. BASIC FEATURES 
 
 
 
 
A. Webcam Indicator Light 
B.  Webcam 
C.  Microphone 
D. 17.3” Full HD 16:9 Ratio 
1920 x 1080 LED Backlit Display 
E.  Incorporates Dolby®  
Home Theater® v4 Technology 
F.  Power Button 
G. Keyboard 
H. Dynamic Adaptive Tactile Keys  
I.  Multi-Touch LCD Track-Panel 
 
 
J.  Switchblade Home Key 
K.  Trackpad Buttons 
L.  Front LED Power Indicator 
M.  Power Port 
N.  Ethernet (RJ-45) Port 
O.  HDMI 1.4 Port 
P.  USB 3.0 (SuperSpeed) Port 
Q.  Earphone + Microphone Port 
R.  Air Vent 
S.  Kensington Security Slot

--- Page 6 ---
5 | razer™ 
 
4. KEYBOARD FEATURES 
 
 
 
 
Function Keys 
To  activate  the  features  below,  press  the  ‘Fn’  key  and  the 
respective key. 
 
The  audio  volume  controls  allow  you  to  mute  ( ),  decrease 
( ) and increase ( ) the audio output. 
 
Toggles the monitor output. 
  
The  media  keys  allow  you  to  play/pause  ( )  a  track  or  skip 
tracks backward ( ) and forward ( ). 
 
The screen brightness keys allow you to customize the brightness 
of the screen. 
 
The  Switchblade  User  Interface  and  key  backlight  can  be 
customized to your preference. 
 
SWITCHBLADE USER INTERFACE 
 
 
 
The Razer Blade adopts dynamic adaptive tactile key technology to put gamers’ needs 
first. 
Press the Switchblade Home Key   to start using the Switchblade User Interface. You 
will  access  the  application  selector  where  each  of  the  dynamic  adaptive  tactile  keys 
provides access to commonly used applications.

--- Page 7 ---
6 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
5. SETTING UP YOUR RAZER BLADE 
 
 
POWER 
For  the  best  results,  please  charge  the  battery  fully  the  first  time  you  use  the  Razer 
Blade.  A  depleted  battery  will  be  fully  charged  in  about  3  hours.  Connect  the  Power 
Adapter as follows: 
 
 
INTERNET CONNECTION 
Once you power the Razer Blade laptop and Windows 7 is loaded, activate your 
internet connection by either: 
 
-  Plugging in an Ethernet cable to the Ethernet port.  
-  Enabling Wi-Fi.  
o  Press   and X to open up the Windows Mobility Center.  
o  Under ‘Wireless Network’, select ‘Turn wireless on’. 
o  Configure your wireless network. 
 
TURN ON THE POWER

--- Page 8 ---
7 | razer™ 
SETTING UP MICROSOFT WINDOWS 
On  turning  on  the  power  for  the  first  time,  you  will  be  prompted  to  configure  and 
activate Windows.  
 
RAZER SYNAPSE 2.0 ACCOUNT CREATION & INSTALLATION 
Razer  Synapse  2.0  allows  you  to  sync  your  Razer  Blade  and  other  supported  Razer 
peripherals to a cloud server to download driver and firmware updates. You will also be 
able  to  configure  the  Switchblade  User  Interface,  key  bindings,  profiles,  macros, 
backlighting and more within the application.  All your custom settings will be stored in 
the cloud too.  
  
 
 
1.  Razer Synapse 2.0 will start automatically once Windows 7 loads up. 
2.  Register for a Razer Synapse 2.0 account and confirm your new account.  
3.  Open Razer Synapse 2.0 and login to your account.  
4.  Wait until the software automatically downloads and installs.

--- Page 9 ---
8 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
6. USING YOUR RAZER BLADE 
 
 
STATUS INDICATORS 
 
 
 
SWITCHBLADE HOME KEY  
The Switchblade Home Key allows you to access custom applications for the 
Switchblade User Interface.  
 
 
Pressing on one of the dynamic adaptive tactile keys will give you access to the 
application’s usage. 
 
 
 
Listed below are the applications for the Switchblade User Interface.

--- Page 10 ---
9 | razer™ 
 
SWITCHBLADE APPLICATIONS 
 
Disclaimer: The features listed here require you to log into Razer Synapse 2.0.  These features are also subject 
to change based on the current software version and your Operating System. 
 
 Trackpad  
This  application  allows  the  Switchblade  User  Interface  to  be  used  as  a  standard 
pointing  device  and  numerical  keys.  The  Trackpad  Application  supports  multi-touch 
gestures for advanced trackpad functionalities. 
 
Listed below are the multi-touch gestures for the Trackpad Application: 
 
2 Finger Gestures 
Finger Movement 
Onscreen Action 
  
Move Vertically 
 
Scroll Up/Down 
 
 
Move Horizontally 
Scroll Left/Right

--- Page 11 ---
10 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
 
Rotate Fingers 
Rotate images, pages 
  
Pinch 
 
Zoom Out 
 
 
Expand 
Zoom In 
 
 
3 Finger Gesture 
Finger Movement 
Onscreen Action 
 
Move Horizontally 
Swap to previous/next 
set of Dynamic 
Adaptive Key mappings

--- Page 12 ---
11 | razer™ 
 
 Numpad  
This  application  enables  the  Switchblade  User  Interface  to  be  used  as  a  standard 
numerical keypad or switch to its secondary function by toggling the Num Lock key. 
 
          
 
 
 Macro Recording  
This  application  allows  you  to  record  a  set  of  key  presses  and  combinations.  After 
launching  the  application,  the  Switchblade  User  Interface  will  change  into  a  Macro 
Recording Screen.  
 
By  default,  the  Record  Delay  will  register  the  delays  in-between  keystrokes  and 
buttons presses as it is entered. Deselecting the Record Delay will omit all the pauses 
in-between keystrokes and button presses.

--- Page 13 ---
12 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
          
 
To  create  a  macro,  simply  press  the   key.  All  keystrokes  and  button  presses 
herein will automatically be recorded on the macro screen.   
 
Once you have entered your macro commands, press the   key to end recording.  
 
Press  the   key  to  save  the  session  or  press  the   key  to  discard  it.  After 
choosing to save the session, you will be prompted to save the macro onto a key. You 
may save it to a regular key or to the currently active set of Dynamic Adaptive Tactile 
Keys. A prompt will appear once you have successfully saved the macro.

--- Page 14 ---
13 | razer™ 
 
          
 
   
 Gaming Mode  
After  launching  the  application,  the  Switchblade  User  Interface  will  change  into  the 
Gaming Mode Options Screen. You may choose to disable/enable the Windows key by 
toggling the Gaming Mode On/Off. You may also choose to disable other keys during 
Gaming Mode by selecting the appropriate box.

--- Page 15 ---
14 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
 Web Browser  
This application enables you to use the Switchblade User Interface as a web browser. 
After launching the application, tap on the web address field and type in your desired 
website. Some multi-touch gestures are available for this application. 
 
 YouTube™  
This  application  allows  the  Switchblade  User  Interface  to  connect  to  YouTube™,  a 
popular video hosting website, wherein you can browse and watch videos. 
 
 Facebook®  
This application enables the Switchblade User Interface to be used as a mobile version 
of Facebook®, a popular social networking website. 
 
 Twitter™  
This application allows the Switchblade User Interface to connect to a mobile version 
of Twitter™, wherein you can view and post Tweets™. 
 
 Gmail™  
This  application  enables  Gmail™  users  to  access  their  e-mail  accounts  using  the 
Switchblade User Interface.  
 
 Clock  
After  launching  the  application,  the  Switchblade  User  Interface  will  change  into  a 
digital clock which is synced to the internal clock of your operating system.

--- Page 16 ---
15 | razer™ 
 
7. CONFIGURING YOUR RAZER BLADE 
 
 
Disclaimer: The features listed here require you to be logged in to  Razer Synapse 2.0. These features are also 
subject to change based on the current software version and your Operating System.  
 
KEYBOARD TAB 
The Keyboard Tab is your landing page when you first install Razer Synapse 2.0. This 
tab  allows  you  to  customize  your  device’s  profiles,  key  assignments  and  track-panel 
options.

--- Page 17 ---
16 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
Profile 
A  Profile  is  a  convenient  way  of  saving  all  of  the  changes  you  have  made  on  your 
device. A single Profile can store numerous settings such as key assignments and track-
panel options.  
 
 
 
Profile  contains  the  default  settings  of  your  device.  Any  changes  made  within  the 
Customize Tab will be automatically saved. If you want to rename this profile, you may 
do so by typing on the field below Profile Name.  
 
There are other options available in the profile section such as creating a new profile 
by  clicking  the   button,  deleting  the  current  profile  by  clicking  the   
button  and  duplicating  the  current  profile  by  clicking  the   button.  You  may 
even  set  a  profile  to  work  with  a  specific  program  or  application  by  using  the  Link 
Program option and clicking the    button to search for it. Each profile can be set to 
FN + 0 - 9 using the SHORTCUT dropdown box for fast profile switching.

--- Page 18 ---
17 | razer™ 
 
Customize Tab 
The  Customize  Tab  is  where  you  can  modify  the  basic  functionalities  of  your  device 
such  as  key  assignments  and  track-panel  sensitivity  to  suit  your  gaming  needs.  The 
changes made in this tab are automatically saved to your current profile.  
 
 
 
You may also change the key assignments of the Dynamic Adaptive Tactile Keys as well 
as create new sets of key mappings.

--- Page 19 ---
18 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
Customization Options 
Initially, each key is set to Default. However, you may change the function of these key 
by clicking the desired button to access the main dropdown menu. 
 
 
 
Listed below are the customization options and their description. 
 
 Keyboard Function 
This option enables you to change any key into another keyboard function. To choose 
a  keyboard  function,  select  Keyboard  Function  from  the  main  dropdown  menu  and 
enter the key you wish to use on the given field below. You may also include modifier 
keys such as Ctrl, Shift, Alt or any of those combinations. 
 
 Mouse Function 
This option allows you to change any key into a mouse button function. To choose a 
mouse function, select Mouse Function from the main dropdown menu and an Assign 
Button submenu will appear.

--- Page 20 ---
19 | razer™ 
 
Listed below are the functions which you can choose from the Assign Button submenu: 
 
Left Click   - Perform a left mouse click using the assigned button.  
Right Click   - Perform a right mouse click using the assigned button.  
Scroll Click  - Activate the universal scrolling function. 
Double Click   - Perform a double left click using the assigned button. 
Mouse Button 4  - Performs a “Backward” command for most internet browsers. 
Mouse Button 5  - Performs a “Forward” command for most internet browsers. 
Scroll Up  - Perform a “Scroll Up” command using the assigned button. 
Scroll Down  - Perform a “Scroll Down” command using the assigned button. 
 
 Macro 
A Macro is a prerecorded sequence of keystrokes and button presses that is executed 
with  precise  timing.  By  setting  a  button  to  Macro,  you  can  conveniently  execute  a 
chain  of  commands.  When  you  select  this  option  from  the  dropdown  menu,  a 
submenu will appear which allows you to choose a prerecorded macro command. See 
the Macros Tab to learn more about creating Macro commands. 
 
 Switch Profile 
The Switch Profile enables you to change profiles on the fly and immediately load all 
your  pre-configured  settings.  When  you  select  Switch  Profile  from  the  dropdown 
menu, a sub-menu will appear that will allow you to choose which profile to use. An 
on-screen display will automatically appear whenever you switch profiles.  
 
 Launch Program 
The  Launch  Program  allows  you  to  run  a  program  or  application  using  the  assigned 
button. When you select Launch Program from the dropdown menu, a    button will 
appear which allows you to search for the specific program or application you want to 
use. 
 
 Disable 
This option renders the assigned button unusable. Use Disable when you have no need 
for a button or if a particular button interferes with your gaming.

--- Page 21 ---
20 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
Note: The options below are available exclusively for the Switchblade User Interface. 
 
Change Key Appearance 
This option enables you to change the appearance of each Dynamic Adaptive Tactile 
Key.  You  can  change  each  of  the  key’s  appearance  using  the   button located  on 
the Key Assignment menu. 
 
 
 
You  may  use  stock  images  provided by  Synapse  2.0  or  create  your  own  by  selecting 
General on the Set dropdown menu.

--- Page 22 ---
21 | razer™ 
  
Track-Panel Configuration 
You can adjust the look and response of the Track-Panel by clicking the image of the 
track-panel on the user interface. 
 
 
 
Listed below are the options and their descriptions. 
 
Track-Panel Logo 
Change the appearance of the track-panel using the dropdown menu and personalize 
the switchblade to suit your style. 
  
Sensitivity 
Sensitivity pertains to how much effort is needed to move the cursor in any direction. 
The higher the sensitivity, the more responsive the track-panel will be.  
 
Acceleration 
Acceleration  increases  the  cursor’s  movement  speed  depending  on  how  quickly  you 
move  your  finger  on  the  track-panel.  The  higher  the  value,  the  faster  the  cursor 
accelerates.

--- Page 23 ---
22 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
Lighting Tab 
This tab allows you to adjust the intensity of the backlight by using the Brightness 
sliders.

--- Page 24 ---
23 | razer™ 
 
Settings Tab  
The Settings Tab allows you to manage your device’s power consumption. You can set 
your keyboard and Switchblade User Interface to enter sleep mode when it has been 
idle for a certain amount of time. You can also set when your Switchblade User 
Interface will switch to Trackpad Power Savings mode.

--- Page 25 ---
24 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
MACROS TAB 
The Macros Tab allows you to create a series of precise keystrokes and button presses. 
This  tab  also  allows  you  to  have  numerous  macros  and  extremely  long  macro 
commands at your disposal.  
 
 
 
The  Macro  section  works  similarly  to  Profile  wherein  you  can  rename  a  macro  by 
typing on the field below Macro Name. There are also other options available in the 
macro section such as creating a new macro by  clicking the   button, deleting 
the current macro by clicking the   button or duplicating the current macro by 
clicking the   button.  
 
To  create  a  macro  command,  simply  click  the   button  and  all  your 
keystrokes and button presses will automatically register on the macro screen. When 
you are done recording your macro commands, click on the   button to end 
the session.

--- Page 26 ---
25 | razer™ 
 
The  Macro  section  allows  you  to  input  the  delay  in-between  commands.  In  Record 
Delay the delay in-between commands are registered as how it is entered. The Default 
Delay uses a predefined time (expressed in seconds) as the delay. And No Delay omits 
all the pauses in-between keystrokes and button presses. 
 
 
 
Note: You may use up to three decimal places when inserting values on the seconds (sec) field.

--- Page 27 ---
26 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
Once you have recorded a macro, you may edit the commands you have entered by 
selecting  each  command  on  the  macro  screen.  Each  keystroke  or  button  press  is 
arranged sequentially with the first command shown at the top of the screen. 
 
 
 
The   button allows you to edit a particular command and the   button 
enables  you  to  delete  a  command.  The   and   buttons  gives  you  the 
option to move the command up or down.  
 
The   button allows you to put in additional keystrokes, button presses or time 
delays either before or after the selected command.

--- Page 28 ---
27 | razer™ 
 
Once you have pressed the   button, a new display window will appear beside 
the  list  of  macro  commands.  The  dropdown  menu  on  this  window  allows  you  to 
choose  a  keystroke  or  a  delay  to  be  added  in  before  or  after  the  highlighted  macro 
command.

--- Page 29 ---
28 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
 
 
You may add in a new set  of  macro commands by  clicking the   button on 
the keystroke menu; or input time delays on the duration field using the delay menu.

--- Page 30 ---
29 | razer™ 
 
8. RESTORING YOUR OPERATING SYSTEM 
 
 
You may encounter instances where you will need to restore  your  operating system. 
We recommend you perform one of the following actions below should you encounter 
problems. 
 
 
SYSTEM RESTORE 
The following functions apply to the Windows 7 operating system. 
 
Please check for more information at this link: 
http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows7/What-are-the-system-recovery-
options-in-Windows-7  
 
Windows  7  incorporates  a  System  Restore  feature  that  allows  you  to  bring  back  the 
operating system to a previous state.  
 
Performing System Restore 
On your Windows 7 Desktop,  
-  Click   
-  Click on the ‘Search programs and files’ field and enter ‘System Restore’. 
-  Follow the instructions and select a respective restore point. 
 
Undoing System Restore 
On your Windows 7 Desktop, 
-  Click   
-  Click on the ‘Search programs and files’ field and enter ‘System Restore’. 
-  Select ‘Undo my last restoration’ and follow the instructions.

--- Page 31 ---
30 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
USING THE RAZER BLADE RECOVERY STICK (Purchased Separately) 
You can use the Razer Blade Recovery stick to recover your Razer Blade to its factory 
default  state.  Please  refer  to  the  Razer  Blade  Recovery  Stick’s  supporting 
documentation for more information. 
 
 
SYSTEM IMAGE RECOVERY 
System Image Recovery allows you to bring your operating system back to the factory 
default state. 
 
To perform system image recovery, 
   
a.  Press F9 before the Windows logo appears as the computer boots up 
 
  If the Windows logo appears, wait until the operating system loads and restart 
your computer to press F9 again 
 
b.  The system automatically launches the recovery process.  
c.  You will be prompted to confirm if you want to initiate recovery. Select ‘OK’ to 
start the recovery. Select ‘Cancel’ to terminate recovery.

--- Page 32 ---
31 | razer™ 
 
9. SAFETY AND MAINTENANCE 
 
 
SAFETY GUIDELINES 
In order to achieve maximum safety while using your Razer Blade, we suggest that you 
adopt the following guidelines: 
 
1.  Should you have trouble operating the device properly and troubleshooting does 
not  work,  unplug  the  device  and  contact  the  Razer  hotline  or  go  to 
www.razersupport.com for support. Do not attempt to service or fix the device 
yourself at any time. 
 
3.  Do  not  take  apart  the  device  (doing  so  will  void  your  warranty)  and  do  not 
attempt to operate it under abnormal current loads. 
 
4.  Keep the device away from liquid, humidity or moisture. Operate the device only 
within the specific temperature range of 0°C (32°F) to 40°C (104°F). Should the 
temperature exceed this range, unplug and switch off the device in order to let 
the temperature stabilize to an optimal level. 
 
 
COMFORT 
Research  has  shown  that  long  periods  of  repetitive  motion,  improper  positioning  of 
your computer peripherals, incorrect body position, and poor habits may be associated 
with physical discomfort and injury to nerves, tendons, and muscles.  Below are some 
guidelines to avoid injury and ensure optimum comfort while using your Razer Blade. 
 
1.  Position  your  laptop  directly  in  front  of  you.  If  you  have  an  external  mouse, 
position  it  next to  the laptop.  Place your  elbows  next  to  your side, not  too  far 
away and your mouse within easy reach. 
 
2.  Adjust the height of your chair and table so that the laptop is at or below elbow 
height. 
 
3.  Keep your feet well supported, posture straight and your shoulders relaxed.

--- Page 33 ---
32 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
4.  During gameplay, relax your wrist and keep it straight. If you do the same tasks 
with your hands repeatedly, try not to bend, extend or twist your hands for long 
periods. 
 
5.  Do not rest your wrists on hard surfaces for long periods. When using an external 
mouse, use a wrist rest to support your wrist while gaming. 
 
6.  Do not sit in the same position all day. Get up, step away from your desk and do 
exercises to stretch your arms, shoulders, neck and legs. 
 
7.  If you should experience any physical discomfort while using your laptop, such as 
pain,  numbness,  or  tingling  in  your  hands,  wrists,  elbows,  shoulders,  neck  or 
back, please consult a qualified medical doctor immediately. 
 
 
BATTERY 
The  Razer  Blade  contains  an  internal,  lithium-ion  polymer  rechargeable  battery.  In 
general,  the  life  expectancy  of  such  batteries  is  dependent  upon  usage.  Heavy  daily 
usage use will  result in shorter  battery life.  Casual use  will  extend battery life. If  you 
suspect  that  the  lithium-ion  rechargeable  battery  inside  the  Razer  Blade  may  be 
drained (has a low charge), try charging it. If the battery does not recharge after several 
attempts,  it  may  be  non-operational.  Dispose  of  batteries  according  to  your  local 
environmental laws and guidelines.

--- Page 34 ---
33 | razer™ 
 
10. LEGALESE 
 
 
COPYRIGHT AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFORMATION 
© 2012 Razer USA  Ltd. Patent Pending. All  Rights Reserved. Razer™, the Razer Triple-
Headed  Snake  logo,  the  Razer  distressed  word  logo  and  other  trademarks  contained 
herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of Razer USA Ltd and/or its affiliated or 
associated companies, registered in the United States and/or other countries. Windows 
and the Windows logo are trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies.  
 
Manufactured under license from Dolby Laboratories. 
Dolby,  Dolby  Home  Theater  and  the  double-D  symbol  are  trademarks  of  Dolby 
Laboratories. 
 
 
Razer USA Ltd (“Razer”) may have copyright, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, patent 
applications, or other intellectual property rights (whether registered or unregistered) 
concerning the product in this Master Guide. Furnishing of this Master Guide does not 
give  you  a  license  to  any  such  copyright,  trademark,  patent  or  other  intellectual 
property right.  The  Razer  Blade  (the “Product”) may  differ  from  pictures  whether on 
packaging or otherwise. Razer assumes no responsibility for such differences or for any 
errors  that  may  appear.  Information  contained  herein  is  subject  to  change  without 
notice. 
 
 
LIMITED PRODUCT WARRANTY 
For the latest and current terms of the Limited Product Warranty, please visit 
www.razerzone.com/warranty. 
 
 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
Razer shall in no event be liable for any lost profits, loss of information or data, special, 
incidental, indirect, punitive or consequential or incidental damages, arising in any way 
out  of  distribution  of, sale  of,  resale  of,  use  of,  or  inability to  use  the  Product. In  no 
event shall Razer’s liability exceed the retail purchase price of the Product.

--- Page 35 ---
34 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
COSTS OF PROCUREMENT 
For  the  avoidance  of  doubt,  in  no  event  will  Razer  be  liable  for  any  costs  of 
procurement unless it has been advised of the possibility of such damages, and in no 
case  shall  Razer  be  liable  for  any  costs  of  procurement  liability  exceeding  the  retail 
purchase price of the Product. 
 
 
GENERAL 
These terms shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the jurisdiction in 
which  the  Product  was  purchased.  If  any  term  herein  is  held  to  be  invalid  or 
unenforceable, then such term (in so far as it is invalid or unenforceable) shall be given 
no effect and deemed to be excluded without invalidating any of the remaining terms. 
Razer reserves the right to amend any term at any time without notice. 
 
FCC DECLARATION OF CONFORMANCE 
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital 
device,  pursuant  to  part  15  of  the  FCC  Rules.  These  limits  are  designed  to  provide 
reasonable  protection  against  harmful  interference  in  a  residential  installation.  This 
equipment generates, uses and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed 
and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio 
communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a 
particular  installation.  If  this  equipment  does  cause  harmful  interference  to  radio  or 
television reception,  which can  be  determined by  turning  the  equipment  off  and  on, 
the  user  is  encouraged  to  try  to  correct  the  interference  by  one  or  more  of  the 
following measures: 
- Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna. 
- Increase the separation between the equipment and the receiver. 
-  Connect the  equipment into  an outlet  on  a  circuit different from that  to which  the 
receiver is connected. 
- Consult the dealer or an experienced radio TV technician for help. 
For more information, refer to the online help system on www.razerzone.com. 
 
FCC CAUTION STATEMENT 
Any  changes  or  modifications  not  expressly  approved  by  the  party  responsible  for 
compliance could void the user's authority to operate this equipment. 
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following 
two conditions:

--- Page 36 ---
35 | razer™ 
 
(1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and 
(2) This device must accept any interference received, including interference that may 
cause undesired operation. 
 
IMPORTANT NOTE: 
FCC Radiation Exposure Statement: 
This  equipment  complies  with  FCC  radiation  exposure  limits  set  forth  for  an 
uncontrolled environment. End users must follow the specific operating instructions for 
satisfying  RF  exposure  compliance.  This  transmitter  must  not  be  co-located  or 
operating in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter. 
 
USAGE RESTRICTIONS 
This Razer device was developed and designed to comply with the various wireless and 
telecom agency requirements throughout the  world.  This  ensures  that  the device  do 
not  cause  any  harm  to  Public Switching Telecommunication Networks  (PSTN)  and  do 
not  violate  any  power  and  frequency  spectrum  allocations  on  a  country  by  country 
basis. This device was also designed to be compliant with regulatory agency limits for 
Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC). 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE FOR USE IN HEALTHCARE ENVIRONMENTS 
This Razer device is not a medical device and is not listed under UL or IEC 60601 (or 
equivalent). This device should be kept at a certain distance to avoid harmful effects to 
patients or medical equipment. 
 
AVIATION USAGE RESTRICTIONS 
Certain restrictions  apply to  this  device  while  on-board an  aircraft.  Razer encourages 
you to understand these restrictions to ensure the flight’s safety and security.

