Brand: RAZER
Model: Blade Pro 17
URL: https://www.manua.ls/razer/blade-pro-17/manual
Total Pages: 43
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
1 | razer™ 
 
 
 
Extreme  performance  in  an  ultra-portable  form  factor  that’s  designed  for  work  and 
play – The Razer™ Blade Pro 17-in gaming laptop is ready to take on any task. 
 
Powered  by  a  fourth-generation  Intel®  Core™  i7  processor,  the  latest  NVIDIA® 
GeForce® GTX graphics, and ground breaking storage performance, the Razer Blade Pro 
is creating a whole new standard for gaming laptops. At just 0.88 inches thin and 6.5 
lbs., the Razer Blade Pro is the most portable 17-in. gaming laptop in its class. With the 
Switchblade  User  Interface,  you  can  take  advantage  of  the  Razer  Blade  Pro,  offering 
infinite tools and possibilities available at your fingertips. 
 
Benefit  from  10  dynamic  adaptive  tactile  keys  in  tandem  with  a  revolutionary  LCD 
track-panel  and  new  supporting  professional-grade  software  and  game  apps,  so  you 
can work hard, play hard.

--- Page 2 ---
2 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
1. PACKAGE CONTENTS / REGISTRATION / TECHNICAL SUPPORT ................ 3 
2. BASIC FEATURES ....................................................................................... 4 
3. SETTING UP YOUR RAZER BLADE PRO ...................................................... 5 
4. USING YOUR RAZER BLADE PRO ............................................................. 19 
5. CONFIGURING YOUR RAZER BLADE PRO ................................................ 23 
6. SAFETY AND MAINTENANCE .................................................................. 39 
7. LEGALESE ............................................................................................... 41

--- Page 3 ---
3 | razer™ 
 
1. PACKAGE CONTENTS / REGISTRATION / TECHNICAL SUPPORT 
 
 
PACKAGE CONTENTS 
  Razer Blade Pro 
  Power Adapter 
  Micro-Fiber Cleaning Cloth 
  Quick Start Guide 
  2x Switchblade UI Screen Protector 
 
 
REGISTRATION 
Please visit www.razerzone.com/registration for online product registration. 
 
 
 
TECHNICAL SUPPORT 
What you’ll get: 
  1 year limited manufacturer’s warranty. 
  1 year limited battery warranty. 
  Access to manual and free online technical support at www.razersupport.com. 
 
For further assistance, contact us: 
 
Country 
Phone 
Email 
Canada / US 
1-855-87-25233 
(BLADE) 
bladesupport@razerzone.com 
Singapore 
800-6011456 
bladesupport_ap@razerzone.com 
China 
400-0808-767 
400-0808-769 
support-cn@razerzone.com 
International 
1-760-448-8997 
bladesupport@razerzone.com 
Your product’s serial number 
can be found here.

--- Page 4 ---
4 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
2. BASIC FEATURES 
 
 
 
 
A.  Webcam Indicator Light 
B.  Webcam 
C.  Built-in Microphone 
D.  17.3” Full HD Display 
E.  Stereo Speakers Incorporating 
Dolby® Home Theater® v4 Technology 
F.  Power Button 
G.  Backlit Keyboard 
H.  Dynamic Adaptive Tactile Keys 
I.  Multi-Touch LCD Track-Panel 
 
 
 
J.  Switchblade Home Key 
K.  Trackpad Buttons 
L.  Front LED Power Indicator 
M.  Power Port 
N.  Ethernet (RJ-45) Port 
O.  HDMI 1.4a Port 
P.  3x USB 3.0 Ports 
Q.  3.5mm Combo Port 
R.  Air Vent 
S.  Kensington Security Slot

--- Page 5 ---
5 | razer™ 
 
3. SETTING UP YOUR RAZER BLADE PRO 
 
 
Connect the Power Adapter as follows: 
 
 
Make sure that the AC plug is properly inserted into the power outlet and the power 
adapter.  An  indicator  will  light  up  to  show  that  the  adapter  is  receiving  appropriate 
power.  Insert  the  power  adapter’s  connector  into  the  Razer  Blade  Pro’s  power  port. 
Press the power button to turn on your Razer Blade Pro. 
 
 
 
For  first  time  use, please  fully charge  your  Razer  Blade  Pro  or  connect  it  to  a  power 
outlet  before  turning  it  on.  It  takes  approximately  3  hours  to  fully  charge  the  Razer 
Blade Pro.

--- Page 6 ---
6 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
WINDOWS®8 SETUP GUIDE 
 
1. Select the language for your Operating System. 
Choose from the list your preferred default language for Razer Blade Pro. 
 
 
 
Click Next.

--- Page 7 ---
7 | razer™ 
 
2. Enter your Windows product key in the given field. 
 
 
 
Refer  to  the  Microsoft®  label  under  your  Razer  Blade  and  key  in  the  necessary 
information. 
 
 
 
Click Next.

--- Page 8 ---
8 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
3. Personalize your Windows® 8 
Choose your preferred desktop theme and PC name.  
 
 
 
Click Next.

--- Page 9 ---
9 | razer™ 
 
4. Customize your system settings. 
The Setup Wizard includes a set of pre-configured settings that you can use to quickly 
set up your Windows device. Click Use express settings to use the list of settings shown 
on the interface and skip to step 7 of this guide.

--- Page 10 ---
10 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
Alternatively, you can click Customize to manually configure your Region, Language and 
Keyboard Layout. 
 
 
 
Click Next.

--- Page 11 ---
11 | razer™ 
 
5. Setup a login account. 
Enter your User name for logging into Windows. If you wish to secure your login with a 
password, fill out the Password, Reenter password and Password hint textboxes. 
 
 
 
Click Finish to complete the Windows setup.

--- Page 12 ---
12 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
CONNECTING TO THE INTERNET 
 
1.   Activate the Charm bar by moving the cursor to the right side of the screen.

--- Page 13 ---
13 | razer™ 
 
2. Click the Settings icon on the Charm bar.

--- Page 14 ---
14 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
 
3. Click the wireless network icon.

--- Page 15 ---
15 | razer™ 
 
 
4.  Click the network you wish to connect to and click Connect.

--- Page 16 ---
16 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
 
5. Enter the network password (if any) and click Next.

--- Page 17 ---
17 | razer™ 
 
 
6. Select whether to turn network sharing on/off. 
 
 
 
7. Once you are connected to the wireless network, click anywhere outside the sidebar 
to return to the desktop.

--- Page 18 ---
18 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
RAZER SYNAPSE 2.0 ACCOUNT CREATION & INSTALLATION 
 
 
Razer Synapse 2.0 allows you to sync your Razer Blade Pro and other supported Razer 
peripherals to a cloud server to download driver and firmware updates. You will also be 
able  to  configure  the  Switchblade  User  Interface,  key  bindings,  profiles,  macros, 
backlighting and more within the application.  All your custom settings will be stored in 
the cloud too.  
  
 
 
1.  Razer Synapse 2.0 will start automatically once you enter Windows 8. 
2.  Register for a Razer Synapse 2.0 account and confirm your new account.  
3.  Open Razer Synapse 2.0 and login to your account.  
4.  Wait until Synapse 2.0 automatically downloads and installs the necessary drivers.

--- Page 19 ---
19 | razer™ 
 
4. USING YOUR RAZER BLADE PRO 
 
 
STATUS INDICATORS 
 
 
 
 
KEYBOARD FUNCTION KEYS 
 
 
 
Function Keys 
To  activate  the  features  below,  press  the  ‘Fn’  key  and  the 
respective key. 
 
The  audio  volume  controls  allow  you  to  mute  ( ),  decrease 
( ) and increase ( ) the audio output. 
 
Toggles the monitor output. 
  
The  media  keys  allow  you  to  play/pause  ( )  a  track  or  skip 
tracks backward ( ) and forward ( ). 
 
The screen brightness keys allow you to customize the brightness 
of the screen. 
 
The  Switchblade  User  Interface  and  key  backlight  can  be 
customized to your preference.

--- Page 20 ---
20 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
TRACKPAD GESTURES 
 
Right Edge Swipe 
Top Edge Swipe 
 
Activate Charms Bar 
 
Display app commands 
 
Left Edge Swipe 
2 Finger Vertical Scroll 
 
Open previously used app 
 
 
Scroll up / down

--- Page 21 ---
21 | razer™ 
 
2 Finger Horizontal Scroll 
2 Finger Rotate 
 
Scroll left / right 
 
Change orientation when viewing 
desktop images and other files  
 
2 Finger Pinch 
2 Finger Expand 
 
Zoom out 
 
 
Zoom in

--- Page 22 ---
22 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
3 Finger Horizontal Swipe 
3 Finger Vertical Swipe 
 
Move forward / backward when 
viewing desktop images and other  
files 
 
Play (Pause) / Stop when viewing 
desktop images and other files

--- Page 23 ---
23 | razer™ 
 
5. CONFIGURING YOUR RAZER BLADE PRO 
 
 
Disclaimer:   The features listed here require you to log in to Razer Synapse 2.0. These features are also subject 
to change based on the current software version and your Operating System. 
 
KEYBOARD TAB 
The Keyboard Tab is your default tab when you first install Razer Synapse 2.0. This tab 
allows  you  to  customize  your  device’s  profiles,  key  assignments  and  track-panel 
options.

--- Page 24 ---
24 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
Profile 
A profile is a convenient way of organizing all your custom settings and you can have an 
infinite  number  of  profiles  at  your  disposal.  Any  changes  made  within  each  tab  are 
automatically saved to the current profile and stored into the cloud servers. 
 
 
 
You  can  create  a  new  profile  by  clicking  the   button  or  delete  the  current 
profile by clicking the   button. The   button allows you to Copy, Import, 
and Export profiles. Your current profile by default is named “Profile” however; you can 
rename it by typing on the text field below PROFILE NAME.  Each profile can be set to 
automatically activate when you run a program or application through the use of the 
LINK PROGRAM  option.  Alternatively,  each  profile  can  be set  to  FN +  0  -  9  using  the 
SHORTCUT dropdown box for fast profile switching.

--- Page 25 ---
25 | razer™ 
 
Customize Tab 
The  Customize  Tab  is  where  you  can  modify  the  basic  functionalities  of  your  device 
such  as  key  assignments  and  track-panel  sensitivity  to  suit  your  gaming  needs.  The 
changes made in this tab are automatically saved to your current profile.

--- Page 26 ---
26 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
Key Assignment Menu 
Initially, each key is set to DEFAULT. However, you may change the function of this key 
by clicking the desired key to access the Key Assignment Menu. 
 
 
 
Listed below are the customization options and their description. 
 
 Default  
This  option  enables  you  to  return  the  key  to  its  original  function.  To  choose  the 
DEFAULT, simple select it from the Key Assignment Menu. 
 
 Keyboard Function 
This option enables you to change any key into another keyboard function. To choose 
a keyboard function, select KEYBOARD FUNCTION from the Key Assignment Menu and 
enter the key you wish to use on the given field below. You may also include modifier 
keys such as Ctrl, Shift, Alt or any of those combinations.

--- Page 27 ---
27 | razer™ 
 
 Mouse Function 
This option allows you to change any key into a mouse button function. To choose a 
mouse  function,  select  MOUSE  FUNCTION  from  the  Key  Assignment  Menu  and  an 
ASSIGN BUTTON submenu will appear. 
 
Listed below are the functions which you can choose from the Assign Button submenu: 
 
Left Click   - Performs a left mouse click using the assigned button.  
Right Click   - Performs a right mouse click using the assigned button.  
Scroll Click  - Activates the universal scrolling function. 
Double Click   - Performs a double left click using the assigned button. 
Mouse Button 4  - Performs a “Backward” command for most internet browsers. 
Mouse Button 5  - Performs a “Forward” command for most internet browsers. 
Scroll Up  - Performs a “Scroll Up” command using the assigned button. 
Scroll Down  - Performs a “Scroll Down” command using the assigned button. 
 
 Inter-device 
Inter-device allows you to change the functionality of other Razer Synapse 2.0-enabled 
devices.  Some  of  these  functionalities  are  device-specific  such  as  using  your  Razer 
gaming keyboard to  change the Sensitivity Stage of your Razer gaming mouse. When 
you select Inter-device from the Key Assignment Menu, a sub-menu will appear.  
 
DEVICE TO LINK allows you to choose which currently connected Razer device can be 
linked while  FUNCTION allows you to choose which functionality you want to use for 
the linked device. 
 
 Macro 
A Macro is a prerecorded sequence of keystrokes and button presses that is executed 
with precise timing. By setting a key to Macro, you can conveniently execute a chain of 
commands. When you select this option from the Key Assignment Menu, a submenu 
will  appear  which  allows  you  to  choose  a  prerecorded  macro  command.  See  the 
Macros Tab to learn more about creating Macro commands.

--- Page 28 ---
28 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
 Switch Profile 
The Switch Profile enables you to change profiles on the fly and immediately load all 
your pre-configured settings. When you select Switch Profile from the Key Assignment 
Menu, a sub-menu will appear that will allow you to choose which profile to use. An 
on-screen display will automatically appear whenever you switch profiles.  
 
 Launch Program 
Launch Program allows you to launch a program or a website using the assigned key. 
When  you  select  Launch  Program  from  the  Key  Assignment  Menu,  two  options  will 
appear which allow you to search for the specific program you want to open or write 
the address of the website you want to visit. 
 
 Multimedia Function 
This  option  allows  you  to  bind  multimedia  playback  controls  to  your  device.  After 
selecting Multimedia Function, a submenu will appear. Listed below are the multimedia 
playback controls you can choose from the submenu: 
 
Volume Down    - Decreases the audio output. 
Volume Up      - Increases the audio output. 
Mute Volume    - Mutes the audio. 
Play / Pause     - Play, pause, or resume playback of the current media. 
Previous Track    - Play the previous track. 
Next Track      - Play the next track. 
 
 Disable 
This option renders the assigned key unusable. Use Disable if you do not want to use 
the key or if it interferes with your gaming.

--- Page 29 ---
29 | razer™ 
 
Trackpad Configuration 
You can adjust the response of the trackpad by clicking the image of the trackpad on 
the user interface. 
 
 
 
Listed below are the options and their descriptions. 
 
Track-Panel Logo 
Customize the appearance of the track-panel by clicking the    button to search for 
an image file and apply it to the current profile. 
 
Note:  While  the  track-panel  will  accept  any  image  size,  it  is  recommended  to  use  images  with 
800x480 resolution or larger. 
 
Sensitivity 
Sensitivity pertains to how much effort is needed to move the cursor in any direction. 
The higher the sensitivity, the more responsive the track-panel will be.  
 
Acceleration 
Acceleration  increases  the  cursor’s  movement  speed  depending  on  how  quickly  you 
move  your  finger  on  the  track-panel.  The  higher  the  value,  the  faster  the  cursor 
accelerates.

--- Page 30 ---
30 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
Lighting Tab 
This  tab  allows  you  to  adjust  the  intensity  of  the  Switchblade  User  Interface  and 
keyboard’s backlight by using the BRIGHTNESS slider.

--- Page 31 ---
31 | razer™ 
 
Gaming Mode Tab
 
 
The Gaming Mode Tab helps you  prevent  accidental key presses.  Depending on your 
settings,  you  may  choose  to  disable  the  Windows  key,  Alt  +  Tab  and  Alt  +  F4. 
Furthermore, you  can  maximize  the effect of  Anti-Ghosting  by activating the  Gaming 
mode function.

--- Page 32 ---
32 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
Settings Tab  
The  Settings  Tab  allows  you  to  set  your  Switchblade  User  Interface  to  switch  to 
Trackpad Power Savings mode while the computer is locked.

--- Page 33 ---
33 | razer™ 
 
Apps Tab  
The Apps Tab enables you to add or edit game specific apps for your Switchblade User 
Interface. After selecting the Apps Tab, the Switchblade UI App Manager will appear.  
 
 
 
To add new apps to your Switchblade User Interface, drag and drop the app from the 
AVAILABLE  APPS  list  to  any  of  the  Dynamic  Adaptive  Tactile  Keys.  If  you  wish  to 
download game specific apps, click the   button. To delete an app, place it 
on the AVAILABLE APPS list, click the app, then click the   button. To return 
the  Switchblade  User  Interface  to  its  default  state,  click  the   button. 
Remember to click the   button after you have finished editing the apps on 
the Dynamic Adaptive Tactile Keys.  Once you are done, click the   button 
to exit the Switchblade UI App Manager.

--- Page 34 ---
34 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
MACROS TAB 
The Macros Tab allows you to create a series of precise keystrokes and button presses. 
This  tab  also  allows  you  to  have  numerous  macros  and  extremely  long  macro 
commands at your disposal.  
 
 
 
The  Macro  section  works  similarly  to  Profile  wherein  you  can  rename  a  macro  by 
typing on the field below MACRO NAME. There are also other options available in the 
macro  section  such  as  creating  a  new  macro  by  clicking  the   button  and 
deleting the current macro by clicking the   button. The   button allows 
you to Copy, Import, and Export macros. 
 
To  create  a  macro  command,  simply  click  the   button  and  all  your 
keystrokes and button presses will automatically register on the macro screen. When 
you are done recording your macro commands, click on the   button to end 
the session.

--- Page 35 ---
35 | razer™ 
 
The  Macro  section  allows  you  to  input  the  delay  in-between  commands.  In  Record 
Delay the delay in-between commands are registered as how it is entered. The Default 
Delay uses a predefined time (expressed in seconds) as the delay. And No Delay omits 
all the pauses in-between keystrokes and button presses. 
 
 
 
Note: You may use up to three decimal places when inserting values on the seconds (sec) field.

--- Page 36 ---
36 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
Once you have recorded a macro, you may edit the commands you have entered by 
selecting  each  command  on  the  macro  screen.  Each  keystroke  or  button  press  is 
arranged sequentially with the first command shown at the top of the screen. 
 
 
 
The   button allows you to edit a particular command and the   button 
enables  you  to  delete  a  command.  The   and   buttons  gives  you  the 
option to move the command up or down.  
 
The   button allows you to put in additional keystrokes, button presses or time 
delays either before or after the selected command.

--- Page 37 ---
37 | razer™ 
 
Once you have pressed the   button, a new display window will appear beside 
the  list  of  macro  commands.  The  dropdown  menu  on  this  window  allows  you  to 
choose  a  keystroke  or  a  delay  to  be  added  in  before  or  after  the  highlighted  macro 
command.

--- Page 38 ---
38 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
 
 
You may add in a new set of macro commands by  clicking the   button on 
the keystroke menu; or input time delays on the duration field using the delay menu.

--- Page 39 ---
39 | razer™ 
 
6. SAFETY AND MAINTENANCE 
 
 
SAFETY GUIDELINES 
In order to achieve maximum safety while using your Razer Blade Pro, we suggest that 
you adopt the following guidelines: 
 
1.  Should you have trouble operating the device properly and troubleshooting does 
not  work,  unplug  the  device  and  contact  the  Razer  hotline  or  go  to 
www.razersupport.com for support. Do not attempt to service or fix the device 
yourself at any time. 
 
3.  Do  not  take  apart  the  device  (doing  so  will  void  your  warranty)  and  do  not 
attempt to operate it under abnormal current loads. 
 
4.  Keep the device away from liquid, humidity or moisture. Operate the device only 
within the specific temperature range of 0°C (32°F) to 40°C (104°F). Should the 
temperature exceed this range, unplug and switch off the device in order to let 
the temperature stabilize to an optimal level. 
 
 
COMFORT 
Research  has  shown  that  long  periods  of  repetitive  motion,  improper  positioning  of 
your computer peripherals, incorrect body position, and poor habits may be associated 
with physical discomfort and injury to nerves, tendons, and muscles.  Below are some 
guidelines to  avoid injury and ensure optimum comfort  while  using  your  Razer Blade 
Pro. 
 
1.  Position  your  laptop  directly  in  front  of  you.  If  you  have  an  external  mouse, 
position  it  next to  the laptop.  Place your  elbows  next  to  your side, not  too  far 
away and your mouse within easy reach. 
 
2.  Adjust the height of your chair and table so that the laptop is at or below elbow 
height. 
 
3.  Keep your feet well supported, posture straight and your shoulders relaxed.

--- Page 40 ---
40 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
4.  During gameplay, relax your wrist and keep it straight. If you do the same tasks 
with your hands repeatedly, try not to bend, extend or twist your hands for long 
periods. 
 
5.  Do not rest your wrists on hard surfaces for long periods. When using an external 
mouse, use a wrist rest to support your wrist while gaming. 
 
6.  Do not sit in the same position all day. Get up, step away from your desk and do 
exercises to stretch your arms, shoulders, neck and legs. 
 
7.  If you should experience any physical discomfort while using your laptop, such as 
pain,  numbness,  or  tingling  in  your  hands,  wrists,  elbows,  shoulders,  neck  or 
back, please consult a qualified medical doctor immediately. 
 
 
BATTERY 
The Razer Blade Pro contains an internal, lithium-ion polymer rechargeable battery. In 
general,  the  life  expectancy  of  such  batteries  is  dependent  upon  usage.  Heavy  daily 
usage use will  result in shorter  battery life.  Casual use will  extend battery life. If  you 
suspect  that  the  lithium-ion  rechargeable  battery  inside  the  Razer  Blade  Pro  may  be 
drained (has a low charge), try charging it. If the battery does not recharge after several 
attempts,  it  may  be  non-operational.  Dispose  of  batteries  according  to  your  local 
environmental laws and guidelines.

--- Page 41 ---
41 | razer™ 
 
7. LEGALESE 
 
 
COPYRIGHT AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFORMATION 
©  2013  Razer  Inc.  All  rights  reserved. Razer,  For  Gamers  By  Gamers,  and  the  triple-
headed  snake  logo are  trademarks  or  registered  trademarks of  Razer  Inc.  and/or 
affiliated companies in the United States  or other countries. All other trademarks are 
the  property  of  their  respective  owners.  Actual  product  may  differ  from  pictures. 
Information  is  correct  at  time  of  printing.  Windows  and  the  Windows  logo  are 
trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies. 
 
Manufactured under license from Dolby Laboratories. 
Dolby,  Dolby  Home  Theater  and  the  double-D  symbol  are  trademarks  of  Dolby 
Laboratories. 
 
Razer  Inc.  (“Razer”)  may  have  copyright,  trademarks,  trade  secrets,  patents,  patent 
applications, or other intellectual property rights (whether registered or unregistered) 
concerning the product in this Master Guide. Furnishing of this Master Guide does not 
give  you  a  license  to  any  such  copyright,  trademark,  patent  or  other  intellectual 
property right. The Razer Blade Pro (the “Product”) may differ from pictures whether 
on packaging or otherwise. Razer assumes no responsibility for such differences or for 
any errors that may appear. Information contained herein is subject to change without 
notice.  
 
 
LIMITED PRODUCT WARRANTY 
For the latest and current terms of the Limited Product Warranty, please visit 
www.razerzone.com/warranty. 
 
 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
Razer shall in no event be liable for any lost profits, loss of information or data, special, 
incidental, indirect, punitive or consequential or incidental damages, arising in any way 
out  of  distribution of, sale of,  resale of, use of, or  inability to use the Product.  In  no 
event shall Razer’s liability exceed the retail purchase price of the Product.

--- Page 42 ---
42 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
COSTS OF PROCUREMENT 
For  the  avoidance  of  doubt,  in  no  event  will  Razer  be  liable  for  any  costs  of 
procurement unless it has been advised of the possibility of such damages, and in no 
case  shall  Razer  be  liable  for  any  costs  of  procurement  liability  exceeding  the  retail 
purchase price of the Product. 
 
 
GENERAL 
These terms shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the jurisdiction in 
which  the  Product  was  purchased.  If  any  term  herein  is  held  to  be  invalid  or 
unenforceable, then such term (in so far as it is invalid or unenforceable) shall be given 
no effect and deemed to be excluded without invalidating any of the remaining terms. 
Razer reserves the right to amend any term at any time without notice. 
 
 
FCC DECLARATION OF CONFORMANCE 
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital 
device,  pursuant  to  part  15  of  the  FCC  Rules.  These  limits  are  designed  to  provide 
reasonable  protection  against  harmful  interference  in  a  residential  installation.  This 
equipment generates, uses and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed 
and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio 
communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a 
particular  installation.  If  this  equipment  does  cause  harmful  interference  to  radio  or 
television reception,  which can  be determined  by  turning the  equipment off  and  on, 
the  user  is  encouraged  to  try  to  correct  the  interference  by  one  or  more  of  the 
following measures: 
- Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna. 
- Increase the separation between the equipment and the receiver. 
-  Connect the  equipment  into  an  outlet  on  a  circuit  different  from  that  to  which the 
receiver is connected. 
- Consult the dealer or an experienced radio TV technician for help. 
For more information, refer to the online help system on www.razerzone.com. 
 
 
FCC CAUTION STATEMENT 
Any  changes  or  modifications  not  expressly  approved  by  the  party  responsible  for 
compliance could void the user's authority to operate this equipment.

--- Page 43 ---
43 | razer™ 
 
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following 
two conditions: 
 
(1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and 
(2) This device must accept any interference received, including interference that may 
cause undesired operation. 
 
IMPORTANT NOTE: 
FCC Radiation Exposure Statement: 
This  equipment  complies  with  FCC  radiation  exposure  limits  set  forth  for  an 
uncontrolled environment. End users must follow the specific operating instructions for 
satisfying  RF  exposure  compliance.  This  transmitter  must  not  be  co-located  or 
operating in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter. 
 
 
USAGE RESTRICTIONS 
This Razer device was developed and designed to comply with the various wireless and 
telecom agency requirements throughout the  world.  This  ensures  that  the device  do 
not  cause  any  harm  to  Public Switching Telecommunication Networks  (PSTN)  and  do 
not  violate  any  power  and  frequency  spectrum  allocations  on  a  country  by  country 
basis. This device was also designed to be compliant with regulatory agency limits for 
Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC). 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE FOR USE IN HEALTHCARE ENVIRONMENTS 
This Razer device is not a medical device and is  not listed under UL  or IEC 60601 (or 
equivalent). This device should be kept at a certain distance to avoid harmful effects to 
patients or medical equipment. 
 
 
AVIATION USAGE RESTRICTIONS 
Certain restrictions  apply to  this  device while  on-board  an  aircraft. Razer  encourages 
you to understand these restrictions to ensure the flight’s safety and security.

