Brand: RAZER
Model: Blade
URL: https://www.manua.ls/razer/blade/manual
Total Pages: 43
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
1 | razer™ 
 
 
 
The new 14” Razer Blade strikes the perfect balance between power and portability. 
Get faster, smoother and more detailed gameplay with the powerful performance of 
the next generation NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 1060 graphics. Choose from two great 
display  options,  Full  HD  or  QHD+,  or  connect  a  VR  headset  for  an  even  more 
immersive gaming experience. Get the best-in-class performance with 6th Gen Intel 
Core i7  quad-core processing,  16GB of  dual-channel  memory, and PCIe-based SSD 
storage  up  to  1TB.  All  this  power  packed  into  a  thin  and  light  0.70”  unibody 
aluminum chassis is what makes the Razer Blade the best in its class. 
 
Gaming Perfected.

--- Page 2 ---
2 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CONTENTS 
1. PACKAGE CONTENTS / REGISTRATION / TECHNICAL SUPPORT ........... 3 
2. BASIC FEATURES ................................................................................. 4 
3. SETTING UP YOUR RAZER BLADE ........................................................ 5 
4. USING YOUR RAZER BLADE ............................................................... 10 
5. CONFIGURING YOUR RAZER BLADE .................................................. 11 
6. SAFETY AND MAINTENANCE ............................................................. 39 
7. LEGALESE .......................................................................................... 41

--- Page 3 ---
3 | razer™ 
 
1. PACKAGE CONTENTS / REGISTRATION / TECHNICAL SUPPORT 
 
 
PACKAGE CONTENTS 
  Razer Blade  
  Power Adapter + regional power cord 
  Micro-fiber cleaning cloth 
  Important Product Information Guide 
 
 
REGISTRATION 
 
 
Visit www.razerzone.com/razer-id to sign up for a Razer ID now to get a wide range 
of  Razer  benefits.  For  example,  get  real-time  information  on  your  product’s 
warranty status via Razer Synapse.  To learn more about Razer Synapse and all its 
features, visit www.razerzone.com/synapse. If you already have a Razer ID, register 
your product by clicking on your email address within the Razer Synapse application 
and select Warranty Status from the dropdown list. To register your product online, 
visit www.razerzone.com/registration. Please note that you will not be able to view 
your warranty status if you register via the website. 
 
 
TECHNICAL SUPPORT 
What you’ll get: 
  1 year limited manufacturer’s warranty. 
  1 year limited battery warranty. 
  Access to manual and free online technical support at 
www.razersupport.com. 
 
For further assistance, please visit www.razersupport.com/contact-us.
Your product’s serial number 
can be found here.

--- Page 4 ---
4 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
2. BASIC FEATURES 
 
 
 
 
A. Webcam indicator light 
B.  2.0 MP webcam 
C.  Array microphone 
D. 14” Full HD IPS display 
E.  Power button 
F.  Stereo speakers incorporating 
Dolby® Digital Plus Home  
Theater Edition 
G. Razer Chroma™ backlighting  
keyboard 
 
 
 
H.  Multi-touch trackpad 
I.  Front LED power indicator 
J.  Thunderbolt™ 3 port (USB-C™) 
K.  3x USB 3.0 ports 
L.  HDMI 2.0 port 
M.  Kensington security slot 
N.  Power port 
O.  3.5mm combo port

--- Page 5 ---
5 | razer™ 
 
3. SETTING UP YOUR RAZER BLADE  
 
 
CONNECT THE POWER ADAPTER AS FOLLOWS: 
 
 
Make sure that the AC plug is properly inserted into the power outlet and the power 
adapter. An indicator will light up to show that the adapter is receiving appropriate 
power.  Insert  the  power  adapter’s  connector  into  the  Razer  Blade’s  power  port. 
Press the power button to turn on your Razer Blade. 
 
 
 
For  first  time  use,  please  fully  charge  your  Razer  Blade  or  connect  it  to  a  power 
outlet before turning it on. It takes approximately 3 hours to fully charge the Razer 
Blade.

--- Page 6 ---
6 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
CONNECTING TO THE INTERNET 
Disclaimer:   The  screens  shown  are  subject  to  change  based  on  the  current  version  of  your  Operating 
System. 
 
1. Click the  wireless  network  icon ( ) to  bring  up  the Wireless network list.  The 
system will automatically search for wireless networks in range.

--- Page 7 ---
7 | razer™ 
 
2. Click the network you wish to connect to and click Connect.

--- Page 8 ---
8 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
3.  Enter  the  network  password  (if  any)  and  select  whether  to  enable  network 
sharing. Click Next. 
 
 
 
4.  Once  you  are  connected  to  the  wireless  network,  click  anywhere  outside  the 
window to return to the desktop.

--- Page 9 ---
9 | razer™ 
 
RAZER SYNAPSE ACCOUNT CREATION & INSTALLATION 
Razer  Synapse  allows  you  to  sync  your  Razer  Blade  and  other  supported  Razer 
peripherals to a cloud server to download driver and firmware updates. You will also 
be able to configure key bindings, profiles, macros, backlighting and more within the 
application.  In addition, Razer Synapse will allow you to immediately register your 
product and get real-time information on your  product’s  warranty status. All your 
custom settings will be stored in the cloud too.  
  
 
 
1.  Razer Synapse will start automatically once you enter Windows 10. 
2.  Register for a Razer ID and confirm your new account.  
3.  Open Razer Synapse and login to your account.  
4.  Wait  until  Synapse  automatically  downloads  and  installs  the  necessary 
drivers.

--- Page 10 ---
10 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
4. USING YOUR RAZER BLADE  
 
 
STATUS INDICATORS 
 
 
 
Sleep 
On 
Low battery 
(10% left) 
Low battery 
(3% left) 
Front LED 
indicator 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KEYBOARD FUNCTION KEYS 
 
 
Pressing  the  “FN”  key  in  combination  with  the  function  keys  will  activate  their 
secondary functions. 
 
Function key 
Secondary function description 
 
The audio volume controls allow you to mute ( ), decrease ( ) 
and increase ( ) the audio output. 
 
Toggles the monitor output. 
  
The media keys allow you to play/pause ( ) the current track, 
return to the previous track ( ) or skip to the next track ( ). 
 
The screen brightness keys allow you to decrease ( ) or increase 
( ) the brightness of the Razer Blade’s screen. 
 
The LED control  keys allow you to  decrease ( ) or increase 
( ) the brightness of your keyboard’s LEDs.

--- Page 11 ---
11 | razer™ 
 
5. CONFIGURING YOUR RAZER BLADE  
 
 
Disclaimer:   The features listed here require you to log in to Razer Synapse. These features are also subject 
to change based on the current software version and your Operating System. 
 
SYSTEM TAB 
The Keyboard Tab is your default tab when you first install Razer Synapse. This tab 
allows you to customize your device’s profiles and key assignments.

--- Page 12 ---
12 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
Profile 
A profile is a convenient way of organizing all your custom settings and you can have 
an infinite number of profiles at  your disposal. Any changes made within each tab 
are automatically saved to the current profile and stored into the cloud servers. 
 
 
 
You can create a  new  profile  by clicking  the   button  or  delete  the  current 
profile  by  clicking  the   button.  The   button  allows  you  to  Copy, 
Import,  and  Export  profiles.  Your  current  profile  by  default  is  named  “Profile” 
however; you can rename it by typing on the text field below PROFILE NAME.  
 
Each profile can be set to FN + 0 - 9 using the SHORTCUT dropdown menu for fast 
profile switching. Each profile can also be set to automatically activate when you run 
a program or application through the use of the LINK PROGRAM option.

--- Page 13 ---
13 | razer™ 
 
Keyboard Tab 
The Keyboard Tab is where you can modify the basic functionalities of your device 
such  as  key  assignments  and  trackpad  sensitivity  to  suit  your  gaming  needs.  The 
changes made in this tab are automatically saved to your current profile.

--- Page 14 ---
14 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
Key Assignment Menu 
Initially, each key is set to DEFAULT. However, you may change the function of this 
key by clicking the desired key to access the Key Assignment Menu. 
 
 
 
Listed below are the customization options and their description. 
 
 Default  
This  option  enables  you  to  return  the  key  to  its  original  function.  To  choose  the 
DEFAULT, simple select it from the Key Assignment Menu. 
 
 Keyboard Function 
This  option  enables  you  to  change  any  key  into  another  keyboard  function.  To 
choose a keyboard function, select KEYBOARD FUNCTION from the Key Assignment 
Menu  and  enter  the  key  you  wish  to  use on  the  given  field  below.  You  may  also 
include modifier keys such as Ctrl, Shift, Alt or any of those combinations.

--- Page 15 ---
15 | razer™ 
 
 Mouse Function 
This option allows you to change any key into a mouse button function. To choose a 
mouse function, select  MOUSE FUNCTION from the Key Assignment Menu and an 
ASSIGN BUTTON submenu will appear. 
 
Listed below are the functions which you can choose from the Assign Button 
submenu: 
 
Left Click   - Performs a left mouse click using the assigned button.  
Right Click   - Performs a right mouse click using the assigned button.  
Scroll Click  - Activates the universal scrolling function. 
Double Click   - Performs a double left click using the assigned button. 
Mouse Button 4  - Performs a “Backward” command for most internet browsers. 
Mouse Button 5  - Performs a “Forward” command for most internet browsers. 
Scroll Up  - Performs a “Scroll Up” command using the assigned button. 
Scroll Down  - Performs a “Scroll Down” command using the assigned button. 
Scroll Left              - Performs a “Scroll Left” command using the assigned button. 
Scroll Right            - Performs a “Scroll Right” command using the assigned button. 
 
 Inter-device 
Inter-device allows you to change the functionality of other Razer Synapse-enabled 
devices. Some of these functionalities are  device-specific such as  using your Razer 
gaming keyboard to change the Sensitivity Stage of your Razer gaming mouse. When 
you select Inter-device from the Key Assignment Menu, a sub-menu will appear.  
 
DEVICE TO LINK allows you to choose which currently connected Razer device can be 
linked while FUNCTION allows you to choose which functionality you want to use for 
the linked device. 
 
 Macro 
A  Macro  is  a  prerecorded  sequence  of  keystrokes  and  button  presses  that  is 
executed  with  precise  timing.  By  setting  a  key  to  Macro,  you  can  conveniently 
execute a chain of commands. When you select this option from the Key Assignment 
Menu,  a  submenu  will  appear  which  allows  you  to  choose  a  prerecorded  macro 
command. See the MACROS TAB to learn more about creating Macro commands.

--- Page 16 ---
16 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
 Switch Profile 
The Switch Profile enables you to change profiles on the fly and immediately load all 
your  pre-configured  settings.  When  you  select  Switch  Profile  from  the  Key 
Assignment  Menu,  a  sub-menu  will  appear  that  will  allow  you  to  choose  which 
profile to use. An on-screen display will automatically appear whenever you switch 
profiles.  
 
 Launch Program 
Launch Program allows you to launch a program or a website using the assigned key. 
When you select Launch Program from the Key Assignment Menu, two options will 
appear  which  allow  you  to  search  for  the  specific  program  you  want  to  open  or 
write the address of the website you want to visit. 
 
 Multimedia Function 
This option  allows  you to  bind multimedia  playback controls  to your  device.  After 
selecting  Multimedia  Function,  a  submenu  will  appear.  Listed  below  are  the 
multimedia playback controls you can choose from the submenu: 
 
Volume Down  - Decreases the audio output. 
Volume Up  - Increases the audio output. 
Mute Volume  - Mutes the audio. 
Mic Volume Up  - Increases the microphone volume. 
Mic Volume Down  - Decreases the microphone volume. 
Mute Mic  - Mutes the microphone. 
Mute All  - Mute both microphone and audio output. 
Play / Pause  - Play, pause, or resume playback of the current media. 
Previous Track  - Play the previous track. 
Next Track  - Play the next track. 
 
 Windows Charms 
This  option  enables  you  to  assign  the  key  into  an  Operating  System  shortcut 
command.  For  more  information  please  visit:  http://windows.microsoft.com/en-
us/windows-8/getting-around-tutorial

--- Page 17 ---
17 | razer™ 
 
 Windows Shortcuts 
This  option  enables  you  to  assign  the  key  into  an  Operating  System  shortcut 
command. For more information, please visit: 
http://support.microsoft.com/kb/126449  
 
 Disable 
This option renders the assigned key unusable. Use Disable if you do not want to use 
the key or if it interferes with your gaming.

--- Page 18 ---
18 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
Trackpad Configuration 
You can adjust the response of the trackpad by clicking the image of the trackpad on 
the user interface. 
 
 
 
Listed below are the options and their descriptions. 
 
Trackpad Settings 
Use this link to select your primary button, set the scroll behavior, and change the 
touchpad delay. 
 
Windows PC Settings 
Use this link to edit gestures, cursor pointing options, and other advance features.

--- Page 19 ---
19 | razer™ 
 
Lighting Tab 
This tab allows you to adjust the intensity of the  keyboard’s backlight by using the 
BRIGHTNESS slider.  
 
You  can  also  enable  Razer  Synapse  to  automatically  switch  off  all  lighting  on  the 
device when the system display is turned off or when the system has been idle for a 
certain amount of time.

--- Page 20 ---
20 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
Pre-loaded lighting effects 
A  number  of  pre-loaded  lighting  effects  can  be  selected  and  applied  to  your 
keyboard lighting as a whole, such as spectrum lighting, breathing etc. The default 
effect  is  spectrum  lighting.  Select  your  desired  effect  and  their  corresponding 
properties (such as color) from the bottom area of this tab.  
 
 
Name 
Description 
How to set up 
 
Spectrum 
cycling 
The  lighting  will  cycle 
between  16.8  million  colors 
indefinitely. 
Default  effect.  No  further 
customization required 
 
Wave 
The  lighting  will  scroll  in  the 
direction selected 
Select either left-to-right or 
right-to-left wave direction 
 
Static 
The LEDs will remain lit in the 
selected color 
Select a color 
 
Breathing 
The  lighting  fades  in  and  out 
of the selected color(s) 
Select  up  to  2  colors  or 
randomize colors 
 
Reactive 
The LEDs will light up when a 
key  is  pressed.  The  light  will 
fade  off  after  a  specified 
period of time. 
Select  a  color  and  a 
duration 
 
Ripple 
On  key  press,  light  will ripple   
away from the pressed key   
Select a color 
 
Starlight 
Each key will have a chance of 
fading in and out at a random 
time and duration 
Select  up  to  2  colors  or 
randomize colors and select 
a duration 
 
Fire 
Each  key  lights  up  in  warm 
colors to mimic the motion of 
flames 
No  further  customization 
required

--- Page 21 ---
21 | razer™ 
 
Advanced lighting configuration 
Accessible  from  Razer  Synapse,  is  an  advanced  Chroma  configurator  for  your 
Chroma-enabled  device.  Click  the  link  from  the  Lighting  tab  to  open  this 
configurator. 
 
1)  Select  the  zones  on  the  keyboard  to  customize.  You  can  select  multiple 
regions with the CTRL key. 
2)  Add an Effect layer for the selected region. 
3)  Customize the effects using the various options. 
4)  Click  the  APPLY  button  to  save  and  apply  all  configurations  to  your  mouse 
mat. 
 
 
 
Customized lighting effects 
You  can  also  select  the  lighting  color  for  each  key  individually.  Select  the  Effect 
“Custom” and select the key to change. Then pick a color using the color picker. 
 
The “Custom” option also includes templates for various game genres such as FPS, 
MOBA, MMO and RTS etc.

--- Page 22 ---
22 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
Gaming Mode Tab
 
 
The Gaming Mode Tab helps you prevent accidental key presses. Depending on your 
settings,  you  may  choose  to  disable  the  Windows  key,  Alt  +  Tab  and  Alt  +  F4. 
Furthermore, you can maximize the effect of Anti-Ghosting by activating the Gaming 
mode function.

--- Page 23 ---
23 | razer™ 
 
Power Tab  
The  Power  Tab  allows  you  to  manage  your  device’s  energy  consumption  when 
running on batteries. You can also set your device to enter sleep mode when it has 
been idle for a certain amount of time.

--- Page 24 ---
24 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
MACROS TAB 
The  Macros  Tab  allows  you  to  create  a  series  of  precise  keystrokes  and  button 
presses.  This  tab  also  allows  you  to  have  numerous  macros  and  extremely  long 
macro commands at your disposal.  
 
 
 
The Macro section  works similarly  to Profile  wherein  you can  rename a  macro  by 
typing on the field below MACRO  NAME. There are also other options available in 
the macro section such as creating a new macro by clicking the   button and 
deleting  the  current  macro  by  clicking  the   button.  The   button 
allows you to Copy, Import, and Export macros. 
 
To  create  a  macro  command,  simply  click  the   button  and  all  your 
keystrokes  and  button  presses  will  automatically  register  on  the  macro  screen. 
When  you  are  done  recording  your  macro  commands,  click  on  the   
button to end the session.

--- Page 25 ---
25 | razer™ 
 
The Macro section allows you to input the delay in-between commands. In RECORD 
DELAY  the  delay  in-between  commands  are  registered  as  how  it  is  entered.  The 
DEFAULT DELAY uses a predefined time (expressed in seconds) as the delay. And NO 
DELAY omits all the pauses in-between keystrokes and button presses. 
 
 
 
Note: You may use up to three decimal places when inserting values on the seconds (sec) field.

--- Page 26 ---
26 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
Once you have recorded a macro, you may edit the commands you have entered by 
selecting  each  command  on  the  macro  screen.  Each  keystroke  or  button  press  is 
arranged sequentially with the first command shown at the top of the screen. 
 
 
 
The   button  allows  you  to  edit  a  particular  command  and  the   
button enables you to  delete a command. The   and   buttons gives 
you the option to move the command up or down.  
 
The   button allows you to put in additional keystrokes, button presses or 
time delays either before or after the selected command.

--- Page 27 ---
27 | razer™ 
 
Once  you  have  pressed  the   button,  a  new  display  window  will  appear 
beside the list of macro commands. The dropdown menu on this window allows you 
to  choose  a  keystroke  or  a  delay  to  be  added  in  before  or  after  the  highlighted 
macro command.

--- Page 28 ---
28 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
 
 
You may add in a new set of macro commands by clicking the   button on 
the  keystroke  menu;  or  input  time  delays  on  the  duration  field  using  the  delay 
menu.

--- Page 29 ---
29 | razer™ 
 
CHROMA APPS TAB 
The Chroma Apps Tab allows 3
rd
 party apps to access your Chroma-enabled devices 
and unlock additional features when using particular games or applications.  
 
Settings Tab 
To  enable  the  Chroma  Apps  function,  click   and  visit 
razerzone.com/chroma-workshop to download an app.

--- Page 30 ---
30 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
Apps List Tab 
The Apps list is where all your Chroma apps are listed. From this tab you can view 
additional  information  regarding  a  particular  Chroma  app  by  double-clicking  it  on 
the list or selecting the Chroma app and clicking  . You can also rearrange the 
list using drag-and-drop or by clicking    and  .

--- Page 31 ---
31 | razer™ 
 
To disable a Chroma app, open the additional information window of that app and 
click  .  
 
 
 
You may also disable the Chroma app by right-clicking on the app from the list and 
click  .

--- Page 32 ---
32 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
STATS & HEATMAPS 
Note: The images shown here are for reference only and may differ from the actual device. 
 
Stats & Heatmaps help you analyze your gameplay by tracking your in-game mouse 
clicks, mouse movement and keyboard usage and visualizing it in form of heatmap 
overlays.  
 
This  function  is  disabled  by  default.  To  enable  this  function,  click  the  notification 
icon next to your user name in the Razer Synapse window and select “Enable Stats & 
Heatmaps”.  
 
 
 
Confirm to enable the function in the dialog box that appears.

--- Page 33 ---
33 | razer™ 
 
Return to Razer Synapse and a new “Stats” tab will be available. Simply click the tab 
to open the function window.

--- Page 34 ---
34 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
Games List 
Stats  &  Heatmaps  work  by  tracking  the  usage  of  all  supported  devices  for  each 
game. When the feature is enabled, it automatically scans your system for installed 
games and adds them to the Games List located on the left side of the screen. Click 
 to show or hide the Games List. 
 
 
 
From this list, you can add more games that have not been automatically detected, 
using the   button, edit games with the   button or re-scan your system with the 
 button to search for newly installed games.

--- Page 35 ---
35 | razer™ 
 
Stats Tab 
By default, the Stats Tab shows you the overall statistics of all your Razer devices for 
all games and all time. You can select a specific game via the game list on the left 
side,  change  the  time  period  using  the  SHOWING  dropdown  menu,  or  the  Razer 
device using the DEVICES dropdown menu.

--- Page 36 ---
36 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
Heatmaps Tab - Keyboard 
Heatmaps Tab shows the most frequently used keys on your Razer device for each 
game on your Games List.

--- Page 37 ---
37 | razer™ 
 
Social Media 
You can share your heatmap image on social media networks such as Facebook or 
Twitter directly from Razer Synapse. 
 
From the Heatmaps tab, click the Share button on the bottom right of the screen. 
You will be prompted to login to the selected social media using an existing account 
if you have not already done so.

--- Page 38 ---
38 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
You can also login to your social media accounts first from the “SETTINGS” screen. 
From the Stats & Heatmaps window, click  . Select the “ACCOUNTS” tab. Click 
CONNECT next to the social media network you wish to sync with. Enter your login 
details and wait for the connection to complete.

--- Page 39 ---
39 | razer™ 
 
6. SAFETY AND MAINTENANCE 
 
 
SAFETY GUIDELINES 
In order to achieve maximum safety while using your Razer Blade, we suggest that 
you adopt the following guidelines: 
 
1.  Should you  have trouble operating  the  device  properly and troubleshooting 
does  not  work,  unplug  the  device  and  contact  the  Razer  hotline  or  go  to 
www.razersupport.com  for  support.  Do  not  attempt  to  service  or  fix  the 
device yourself at any time. 
 
3.  Do not take apart  the  device (doing so will void  your  warranty)  and  do not 
attempt to operate it under abnormal current loads. 
 
4.  Keep the device away from liquid, humidity or moisture. Operate the device 
only  within  the  specific  temperature  range  of  0°C  (32°F)  to  40°C  (104°F). 
Should the temperature exceed this range, unplug and switch off the device in 
order to let the temperature stabilize to an optimal level. 
 
 
COMFORT 
Research has shown that long periods of repetitive motion, improper positioning of 
your  computer  peripherals,  incorrect  body  position,  and  poor  habits  may  be 
associated  with  physical  discomfort  and  injury  to  nerves,  tendons,  and  muscles. 
Below are some guidelines to avoid injury and ensure optimum comfort while using 
your Razer Blade. 
 
1.  Position your laptop directly in front of you. If you have an external mouse, 
position it next to the laptop. Place your elbows next to your side, not too far 
away and your mouse within easy reach. 
 
2.  Adjust  the  height  of  your  chair  and  table  so  that  the  laptop  is  at  or  below 
elbow height. 
 
3.  Keep your feet well supported, posture straight and your shoulders relaxed.

--- Page 40 ---
40 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
4.  During  gameplay,  relax  your  wrist  and  keep  it  straight.  If  you  do  the  same 
tasks with your hands repeatedly, try not to bend, extend or twist your hands 
for long periods. 
 
5.  Do  not  rest  your  wrists  on  hard  surfaces  for  long  periods.  When  using  an 
external mouse, use a wrist rest to support your wrist while gaming. 
 
6.  Do not sit in the same position all day. Get up, step away from your desk and 
do exercises to stretch your arms, shoulders, neck and legs. 
 
7.  If you should experience any physical discomfort while using your laptop, such 
as pain, numbness, or tingling in your hands, wrists, elbows, shoulders, neck 
or back, please consult a qualified medical doctor immediately. 
 
 
BATTERY 
The Razer Blade contains an internal, lithium-ion polymer rechargeable battery. In 
general, the life expectancy of such batteries is dependent upon usage. Heavy daily 
usage use will result in shorter battery life. Casual use will extend battery life. If you 
suspect  that  the  lithium-ion  rechargeable  battery  inside  the  Razer  Blade  may  be 
drained  (has a low charge),  try  charging it. If  the  battery  does  not  recharge after 
several attempts, it may be non-operational. Dispose of batteries according to your 
local environmental laws and guidelines.

--- Page 41 ---
41 | razer™ 
 
7. LEGALESE 
 
 
COPYRIGHT AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFORMATION 
©2017  Razer  Inc.  All  rights  reserved.  Razer,  the  triple-headed  snake  logo,  Razer 
logo,  “For  Gamers.  By  Gamers.”,  and  "Powered  by  Razer  Chroma"  logo  are 
trademarks or registered trademarks of Razer Inc. and/or affiliated companies in the 
United  States  or  other  countries.  All  other  trademarks  and  trade  names  are  the 
property  of  their  respective  owners  and  other  company  and  product  names 
mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective companies. 
 
Windows  and  the  Windows  logo  are  trademarks  of  the  Microsoft  group  of 
companies. 
 
Manufactured under license from Dolby Laboratories. 
Dolby,  Dolby  Home  Theater  and  the  double-D  symbol  are  trademarks  of  Dolby 
Laboratories. 
 
Razer Inc. (“Razer”) may have copyright, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, patent 
applications,  or  other  intellectual  property  rights  (whether  registered  or 
unregistered) concerning the product in this guide. Furnishing of this guide does not 
give  you  a  license  to  any  such  copyright,  trademark,  patent  or  other  intellectual 
property right. The Razer Blade (the “Product”) may differ from pictures whether on 
packaging or otherwise. Razer assumes no responsibility for such differences or for 
any  errors  that  may  appear.  Information  contained  herein  is  subject  to  change 
without notice. 
 
 
LIMITED PRODUCT WARRANTY 
For the latest and current terms of the Limited Product Warranty, please visit 
www.razerzone.com/warranty. 
 
 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
Razer  shall  in  no  event  be  liable  for  any  lost  profits,  loss  of  information  or  data, 
special, incidental, indirect, punitive or consequential or incidental damages, arising 
in any way  out  of  distribution  of, sale  of,  resale  of, use  of, or  inability  to use  the 
Product.  In  no  event  shall  Razer’s  liability  exceed  the  retail  purchase  price  of  the 
Product.

--- Page 42 ---
42 | For gamers by gamers™ 
 
COSTS OF PROCUREMENT 
For  the  avoidance  of  doubt,  in  no  event  will  Razer  be  liable  for  any  costs  of 
procurement unless it has been advised of the possibility of such damages, and in no 
case shall Razer be liable for any costs of procurement liability exceeding the retail 
purchase price of the Product. 
 
 
GENERAL 
These terms shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the jurisdiction in 
which  the  Product  was  purchased.  If  any  term  herein  is  held  to  be  invalid  or 
unenforceable, then such term (in so far as it is invalid or unenforceable) shall be 
given  no  effect  and  deemed  to  be  excluded  without  invalidating  any  of  the 
remaining terms. Razer reserves  the right to amend any term at any time without 
notice. 
 
 
FCC DECLARATION OF CONFORMANCE 
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for  a Class B 
digital  device,  pursuant  to  part  15  of  the  FCC  Rules.  These  limits  are  designed  to 
provide  reasonable  protection  against  harmful  interference  in  a  residential 
installation. This equipment generates, uses and can radiate radio frequency energy 
and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful 
interference  to  radio  communications.  However,  there  is  no  guarantee  that 
interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause 
harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by 
turning  the  equipment  off  and  on,  the  user  is  encouraged  to  try  to  correct  the 
interference by one or more of the following measures: 
- Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna. 
- Increase the separation between the equipment and the receiver. 
- Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the 
receiver is connected. 
- Consult the dealer or an experienced radio TV technician for help. 
For more information, refer to the online help system on www.razerzone.com.

--- Page 43 ---
43 | razer™ 
 
FCC CAUTION STATEMENT 
Any changes or  modifications not expressly approved  by the  party responsible for 
compliance could void the user's authority to operate this equipment. 
 
This  device  complies  with  Part  15  of  the  FCC  Rules.  Operation  is  subject  to  the 
following two conditions: 
 
(1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and 
(2)  This  device  must  accept  any  interference  received,  including  interference  that 
may cause undesired operation. 
 
IMPORTANT NOTE: 
FCC Radiation Exposure Statement: 
This  equipment  complies  with  FCC  radiation  exposure  limits  set  forth  for  an 
uncontrolled environment. End users must follow the specific operating instructions 
for  satisfying  RF  exposure  compliance.  This  transmitter  must  not be  co-located  or 
operating in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter. 
 
 
USAGE RESTRICTIONS 
This Razer device was developed and designed to comply with the various wireless 
and  telecom  agency  requirements  throughout  the  world.  This  ensures  that  the 
device  do  not  cause  any  harm  to  Public  Switching  Telecommunication  Networks 
(PSTN)  and  do  not  violate  any  power  and  frequency  spectrum  allocations  on  a 
country  by  country  basis.  This  device  was  also  designed  to  be  compliant  with 
regulatory agency limits for Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC). 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE FOR USE IN HEALTHCARE ENVIRONMENTS 
This Razer device is not a medical device and is not listed under UL or IEC 60601 (or 
equivalent). This device should be kept at a certain distance to avoid harmful effects 
to patients or medical equipment. 
 
 
AVIATION USAGE RESTRICTIONS 
Certain restrictions apply to this device while on-board an aircraft. Razer encourages 
you to understand these restrictions to ensure the flight’s safety and security.

