Brand: PANASONIC
Model: Toughbook Cf 31
URL: https://www.manua.ls/panasonic/toughbook-cf-31/manual
Total Pages: 44
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
Getting Started
Useful Information
Troubleshooting
Appendix
Read Me First
Contents
Read Me First
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
Personal Computer
Model No. 
CF-31 
series
Safety Precautions .....................................................
2
Regulatory Information ...............................................
6
Getting Started
Introduction ...............................................................
12
Description of Parts ..................................................
13
First-time Operation ..................................................
16
Turning On / Turning Off ...........................................
20
Useful Information
On-screen Manual ....................................................
21
Handling and Maintenance .......................................
22
Installing Software ....................................................
24
Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting (Basic) ............................................
28
Please read these instructions carefully before using this product, and save this manual for future use.
Appendix
LIMITED USE LICENSE AGREEMENT ...................
33
Specications ...........................................................
35
LIMITED WARRANTY ..............................................
39
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   1 2013/06/12   12:48:13

--- Page 2 ---
2
Read Me First
Safety Precautions
To reduce the risk of injury, loss of life, electric shock, re, mal-
function, and damage to equipment or property, always observe 
the following safety precautions.
Explanation of symbol word panels
The following symbol word panels are used to classify and de-
scribe the level of hazard, injury, and property damage caused 
when the denotation is disregarded and improper use is per-
formed.
DANGER
Denotes a potential hazard that will result in serious 
injury or death.
WARNING
Denotes a potential hazard that could result in seri-
ous injury or death.
CAUTION
Denotes a hazard that could result in minor injury.
NOTICE
Denotes a hazard that could result in property dam-
age.
The following symbols are used to classify and describe 
the type of instructions to be observed.
These symbols are used to alert users to a specic 
operating procedure that must not be performed.
This symbol is used to alert users to a specic operat-
ing procedure that must be followed in order to oper-
ate the unit safety.
DANGER
Electrolyte leakage, generation of heat, ignition or 
rupture of the Battery Pack may result.
 

Do Not Throw the Battery Pack into a Fire or 
Expose It to Excessive Heat
 

Do Not Insert Sharp Objects Into the Battery 
Pack, Disassemble, or Modify It
 

Do Not Short the Positive (+) and Negative 
(-) Contacts
 
Ö
Do not place the battery pack together with 
articles such as necklaces or hairpins when 
carrying or storing.
 

Do Not Apply Shocks to the Product by 
Dropping It, Applying Strong Pressure to It, 
etc.
 
Ö
If this product is subjected to a strong im-
pact, damaged or deformed, stop using it 
immediately.
 

Do Not Charge the Battery Using Methods 
Other Than Those Specied
 

Do Not Use the Battery Pack with Any Other 
Product
•  The battery pack is rechargeable and was 
intended for the specied product.
 

Do Not Use This Product with a Battery 
Pack Other Than the One Specied
 
Ö
Use only the specied battery pack with 
your product.
 

Avoid Extreme Heat (Near the Fire, in Direct 
Sunlight, for Example)
 

When the Battery Pack Has Deteriorated, 
Replace It With a New One
 
Ö
Do not continue to use a damaged battery pack.
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   2 2013/06/12   12:48:14

--- Page 3 ---
3
Read Me First
WARNING
Fire or electric shock may result.
 

Do Not Do Anything That May Damage the AC 
Cord, the AC Plug, or the AC Adaptor 
Do not damage or modify the cord, place it near 
hot tools, bend, twist, or pull it forcefully, place 
heavy objects on it, or bundle it tightly.
 
Ö
Do not continue to use a damaged AC cord, 
AC plug and AC adaptor.
•  Contact your technical support ofce for 
repair.
 

Do Not Connect the AC Adaptor to a Power 
Source Other Than a Standard Household AC 
Outlet
 
Ö
Connecting to a DC/AC converter (inverter) may 
damage the AC adaptor. On an airplane, only 
connect the AC adaptor/charger to an AC outlet 
specically approved for such use.
 

Do Not Pull or Insert the AC Plug If Your Hands 
Are Wet
 

Do Not Disassemble This Product
 

Do Not Touch This Product In a Thunderstorm If 
Connected with the AC Cable or Any Other Cables
 

If a Malfunction or Trouble Occurs, Immediately 
Stop Use 
If the Following Malfunction Occurs, Immedi-
ately Unplug the AC Plug (and the Battery Pack)
•  This product is damaged
•  Foreign object inside this product
•  Smoke emitted
•  Unusual smell emitted
•  Unusually hot
 
Ö
After the above procedure, contact your 
technical support ofce for repair.
 

Clean Dust and Other Debris of the AC Plug 
Regularly
•  If dust or other debris accumulates on the 
plug, humidity, etc. may cause a defect in the 
insulation.
 

Insert the AC Plug Completely
 
Ö
Do not use a damaged plug or loose AC 
outlet.
 

Close the Connector Cover Tightly When Using 
This Product Where  Is a Lot of Water, Moisture, 
Steam, Dust, Oily Vapors, etc.
 
Ö
If foreign matter has found its way inside, 
immediately turn the power off and unplug 
the AC cord, and then remove the battery 
pack. Then contact your technical support 
ofce.
Low-temperature burns may result.
 

Do Not Use This Product in Close Contact With 
Your Body For a Long Period of Time
 
Ö
Do not use this product with exposing the 
skin to the heat source of this product or AC 
adaptor for a long period of time.
 

Do Not Expose Yourself or Other Persons to the 
Hot Wind from the Ventilation Hole (Exhaust) 
For a Long Period of Time.
•  Covering the ventilation hole (exhaust) with 
your hand or other object can cause heat to 
build up inside, possibly resulting in burns.
Detrimental health effects on your body may result.
 

Do Not Turn the Volume Up To Loud When Using 
Headphones
•  Listening at high volumes that overstimulate 
the ear for long periods of time may result in 
loss of hearing.
CAUTION
Fire or electric shock may result.
 

Do Not Move This Product While the AC Plug Is 
Connected
 
Ö
If the AC cord is damaged, unplug the AC 
plug immediately.
 

Do Not Connect a Telephone Line, or a Network 
Cable Other Than the One Specied, Into the 
LAN Port
 
Ö
Do not connect to a network such as the 
ones listed below.
•  Networks other than 1000BASE-T, 
100BASE-TX or 10BASE-T
•  Phone lines (IP phone (Internet Protocol 
Telephone), Telephone lines, internal phone 
lines (on-premise switches), digital public 
phones, etc.)
 

Do Not Subject the AC Adaptor To Any Strong 
Impact
 
Ö
Do not continue to use the AC adaptor after 
a strong impact such as being dropped.
 
Ö
Contact your technical support ofce for 
repair.
 

Do Not Leave This Product in High Temperature 
Environment for a Long Period of Time
•  Leaving this product where it will be exposed 
to extremely high temperatures such as near 
re or in direct sunlight may deform the cabi-
net and/or cause trouble in the internal parts.
 

Do Not Block the Ventilation Hole (Exhaust/In-
take)
 
Ö
Do not use this product wrapped in cloth or 
on top of bedding or a blanket.
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   3 2013/06/12   12:48:14

--- Page 4 ---
4
Read Me First
CAUTION
Fire or electric shock may result.
 

Hold the Plug When Unplugging the AC Plug
 

Use Only the Specied AC Adaptor With This 
Product
 
Ö
Do not use an AC adaptor other than the 
one supplied (supplied with the unit or one 
sold separately as an accessory).
 

Use the Modem With a Regular Telephone Line
 
Ö
Do not connect to the following lines.
•  An internal phone line (on-premise switches) 
of a company or business ofce
•  A digital public phone
•  Line in a country or area not supported by 
this product.
This product may fall over or drop, resulting in an 
injury.
 

Do Not Place This Product on Unstable Surfaces
 

Avoid Stacking
Detrimental health effects on your body may result.
 

Take a Break Of 10-15 Minutes Every Hour
•  Using this product for long periods of time 
may have detrimental health effects on the 
eyes or hands.
Burns, low-temperature burns, or frostbite may re-
sult.
 

Do Not Expose the Skin To This Product When 
Using the Product In A Hot Or Cold Environ-
ment.
 
Ö
When it is necessary to expose the skin to 
this product such as to scan a ngerprint, 
perform the operation in the shortest time 
possible.
NOTICE
l
 
Do not place the computer near a television or radio receiver.
l
  Keep the computer away from magnets. Data stored on the 
hard disk may be lost.
l
 
Do not touch the terminals on the battery pack. The battery pack may 
no longer function properly if the contacts are dirty or damaged.
l
 
Do not expose the battery pack to water, or allow it to become wet.
l
 
If the battery pack will not be used for a long period of time (a month 
or more), charge or discharge (use) the battery pack until the remain-
ing battery level becomes 30% to 40% and store it in a cool, dry place.
l
 
This computer prevents overcharging of the battery by recharging only 
when the remaining power is less than approx. 95% of capacity.
l
 
The battery pack is not charged when the computer is rst purchased. 
Be sure to charge it before using it for the rst time. When the AC 
adaptor is connected to the computer, charging begins automatically.
l
 
Should the battery leak and the uid get into your eyes, do not rub 
your eyes.  Immediately ush your eyes with clear water and see a 
doctor for medical treatment as soon as possible.
THIS PRODUCT IS NOT INTENDED FOR USE AS, OR AS 
PART OF, NUCLEAR EQUIPMENT/SYSTEMS, AIR TRAFFIC 
CONTROL EQUIPMENT/SYSTEMS, AIRCRAFT COCKPIT 
EQUIPMENT/SYSTEMS
*1
, MEDICAL DEVICES OR ACCES-
SORIES
*2
, LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEMS OR OTHER EQUIP-
MENTS/DEVICES/SYSTEMS THAT ARE INVOLVED WITH 
ENSURING HUMAN LIFE OR SAFETY. PANASONIC WILL 
NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LIABILITY RESULTING 
FROM THE USE OF THIS PRODUCT ARISING OUT OF THE 
FOREGOING USES.
*1
  AIRCRAFT COCKPIT EQUIPMENT/SYSTEMS include Class2 
Electrical Flight Bag (EFB) Systems and Class1 EFB Systems 
when used during critical phases of ight (e.g., during take-
off and landing) and/or mounted on to the aircraft. Class1 EFB 
Systems and 2 EFB Systems are dened by FAA: AC (Advi-
sory Circular) 120-76A or JAA: JAA TGL (Temporary Guidance 
Leaets) No.36.
*2
  As dened by the European Medical Device Directive (MDD) 
93/42/EEC.
  Panasonic cannot guarantee any specications, technolo-
gies, reliability, safety (e.g. Flammability/Smoke/Toxicity/Radio 
Frequency Emission, etc) requirements related to aviation 
standards and medical equipment standards that differ from 
the specications of our COTS (Commercial-Off-The-Shelf) 
products.
Panasonic cannot guarantee any specications, technolo-
gies, reliability, safety (e.g. Flammability/Smoke/Toxicity/Radio 
Frequency Emission, etc) requirements related to aviation 
standards that exceed the specications of our COTS (Com-
mercial-Off-The-Shelf) products.
This computer is not inten
ded for use in medical equipment in-
cluding life-support systems, air trafc control systems, or other 
equipment, devices or systems that are involved with ensuring 
human life or safety. Panasonic cannot be held responsible in 
any way for any damages or loss resulting from the use of this 
unit in these types of equipment, devices or systems, etc.
The CF-31 was developed based on thorough research into the 
real-world portable computing environments. Exhaustive pursuit 
of usability and reliability under harsh conditions led to innova-
tions such has the magnesium alloy exterior, vibration damped 
hard disk drive and oppy disk drive, exible internal connec-
tions. The CF-31’s outstanding engineering has been tested 
using the strict MIL-STD- 810F (for vibration and shock) and IP 
(for dust and water) based procedures.
As with any portable computer device precautions should be 
taken to avoid any damage. The following usage and handling 
procedures are recommended. 
Before putting the computer away, be sure to wipe off any 
moisture.
Safety Precautions
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   4 2013/06/12   12:48:14

--- Page 5 ---
5
Read Me First
  NOTE 
l
  The battery pack may become warm during recharging or 
normal use.  This is completely normal.
l
  Recharging will not commence if internal temperature of the 
battery pack is outside of the allowable temperature range 
(0 °C to 50 °C {32 °F to 122 °F}).  
(
è
 
 Reference Manual “Battery Power”) Once the allow-
able range requirement is satised, charging begins auto-
matically.  Note that the recharging time varies based on the 
usage conditions. (Recharging takes longer than usual when 
the temperature is 10 °C {50 °F} or below.)
l
  If the temperature is low, the operating time is shortened.  
Only use the computer within the allowable temperature 
range.
l
  This computer has a high temperature mode function that 
prevents the degradation of the battery in high temperature 
environments. (
è
 
 Reference Manual “Battery Power”) A  
level corresponding to a 100% charge for high temperature 
mode is approximately equivalent to an 80% charge level for 
normal temperature mode.
l
  The battery pack is a consumable item.  If the amount of 
time the computer can be run by using a particular battery 
pack becomes dramatically shorter and repeated recharging 
does not restore its performance, the battery pack should be 
replaced with a new one.
l
  When transporting a spare battery inside a package, brief-
case, etc., it is recommended that it be placed in a plastic 
bag so that its contacts are protected.
l
  Always power off the computer when it is not in use. Leaving 
the computer on when the AC adaptor is not connected will 
exhaust the remaining battery capacity.
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   5 2013/06/12   12:48:14

--- Page 6 ---
6
Read Me First
Regulatory Information
Important Safety Instructions / 
Importantes Mesures De Sécurité
<Only for model with modem>
When using your telephone equipment, basic safety precautions 
should always be followed to reduce the risk of re, electric 
shock and injury to persons, including the following: 
1.  Do not use this product near water, for example, near a bath 
tub, wash bowl, kitchen sink or laundry tub, in a wet base-
ment or near a swimming pool.
2.  Avoid using a telephone (other than a cordless type) during 
an electrical storm. There may be a remote risk of electric 
shock from lightning.
3.  Do not use the telephone to report a gas leak in the vicinity 
of the leak.
4. 
Use only the power cord and batteries indicated in this manual. 
Do not dispose of batteries in a re. They may explode. Check 
with local codes for possible special disposal instructions.
SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS
19-E-1
<Pour modèles avec modem uniquement>
Certaines mesures de sécurité doivent être prises pendant l’utilisation 
de matérial téléphonique an de réduire les risques d’incendie, de 
choc électrique et de blessures. En voici quelquesunes:
1.  Ne pas utiliser l’appareil près de l’eau, p.ex., près d’une bai-
gnoire, d’un lavabo, d’un évier de cuisine, d’un bac à laver, 
dans un sous-sol humide ou près d’une piscine.
2.  Éviter d’utiliser le téléphone (sauf s’il s’agit d’un appareil 
sans l) pendant un orage électrique. Ceci peut présenter 
un risque de choc électrique causé par la foudre.
3.  Ne pas utiliser l’appareil téléphonique pour signaler une fuite 
de gaz s’il est situé près de la fuite.
4.  Utiliser seulement le cordon d’alimentation et le type de piles 
indiqués dans ce manual. Ne pas jeter les piles dans le feu: 
elles peuvent exploser. Se conformer aux règlements perti-
nents quant à l’élimination des piles.
CONSERVER CES INSTRUCTIONS
19-F-1
Information to the User / 
Informations destinées aux utilisateurs
<Only for model with wireless LAN/Bluetooth>
This product and your Health
This product, like other radio devices, emits radio frequency 
electromagnetic energy. The level of energy emitted by this 
product however is far much less than the electromagnetic ener-
gy emitted by wireless devices like for example mobile phones.
Because this product operates within the guidelines found in 
radio frequency safety standards and recommendations, we 
believe this product is safe for use by consumers. These stan-
dards and recommendations reect the consensus of the sci-
entic community and result from deliberations of panels and 
committees of scientists who continually review and interpret 
the extensive research literature.
In some situations or environments, the use of this product may be 
restricted by the proprietor of the building or responsible representa-
tives of the organization. These situations may for example include:
l
  Using this product on board of airplanes, or
l
 
In any other environment where the risk of interference to 
other devices or services is perceived or identied as harmful.
If you are uncertain of the policy that applies on the use of 
wireless devices in a specic organization or environment (e.g. 
airports), you are encouraged to ask for authorization to use this 
product prior to turning on the product.
Regulatory Information
We are not responsible for any radio or television interference 
caused by unauthorized modication of this product. The correction 
of interference caused by such unauthorized modication will be the 
responsibility of the user. We and its authorized resellers or distribu-
tors are not liable for damage or violation of government regulations 
that may arise from failing to comply with these guidelines.
26-M-1
<Uniquement les modèles avec réseau local sans l et/ou Blue-
tooth>
Ce produit et votre santé
Ce produit, comme tout autre appareil radio, émet de l’énergie 
radioélectrique. Toutefois, la quantité d’énergie émise par ce produit 
est beaucoup moins importante que l’énergie radioélectrique émise 
par des appareils sans l tels que les téléphones portables. L’utili-
sation de ce produit ne comporte aucun risque pour le consomma-
teur du fait que cet appareil opère dans les limites des directives 
concernant les normes et les recommandations de sécurité sur 
les fréquences radio. Ces normes et recommandations reètent le 
consensus de la communauté scientique et résultent de délibéra-
tions de jurys et comités de scientiques qui examinent et interprè-
tent continuellement les nouveautés de la vaste littérature sur les re-
cherches effectuées. Dans certaines situations ou environnements, 
l’utilisation de ce produit peut être restreinte par le propriétaire du 
bâtiment ou par les représentants responsables de l’organisation. 
Ces situations peuvent être les suivantes par exemple :
l
  A bord d’un avion, ou
l
  Dans tout autre environnement où les risques d’interférence 
sur d’autres appareils ou services sont perçus ou identia-
bles comme dangereux.
Si vous n’êtes pas sûr de la réglementation applicable à l’utili-
sation d’appareils sans l dans une organisation ou un environ-
nement spécique, (par exemple dans un aéroport) nous vous 
invitons àdemander l’autorisation d’utiliser ce produit avant sa 
mise en marche.
Informations concernant la réglementation
Nous déclinons toute responsabilité pour toute interférence 
radio ou télévision causée par des modications non autorisées 
apportées à ce produit. La correction d’interférences causées 
par de telles modications non autorisées sera la seule respon-
sabilité de son utilisateur. Nousmêmes, les revendeurs ofciels 
et les distributeurs ne sommes pas responsable de tout dégât 
ou de toute violation des règlements de l’État pouvant découler 
du non-respect de ces directives.
26-F-1
Lithium Battery / Pile au lithium
Lithium Battery!
This computer contains a lithium battery to enable the date, 
time, and other data to be stored. The battery should only be 
exchanged by authorized service personnel.
Warning!
A risk of explosion from incorrect installation or misapplication 
may possibly occur.
15-E-1
Pile au lithium!
Le micro-ordinateur renferme une pile au lithium qui permet de 
sauvegarder certaines données, notamment la date et l’heure. 
La pile ne doit être remplacée que par un technicien qualié.
Danger ! Risque d’explosion en cas de non respect de cette 
mise en garde!
15-F-1
CD/DVD Drive Caution
CAUTION!
THIS PRODUCT UTILIZES A LASER.
USE OF CONTROLS, ADJUSTMENTS OR PERFORMANCE 
OF PROCEDURES OTHER THAN THOSE SPECIFIED HERE-
IN MAY RESULT IN HAZARDOUS RADIATION EXPOSURE.
DO NOT OPEN COVERS AND DO NOT REPAIR YOURSELF.
REFER SERVICING TO QUALIFIED PERSONNEL.
12-E-1
Laser safety information is appropriate only when drive with 
laser is installed.
12-M-2-1
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   6 2013/06/12   12:48:14

--- Page 7 ---
7
Read Me First
AVERTISSEMENT!
CET APPAREIL UTILISE UN LASER.
L’UTILISATION DE COMMANDES OU DE RÉGLAGES OU 
L’EXÉCUTION DE PROCÉDURES AUTRES QUE CELLES 
SPÉCIFIÉES ICI PEUVENT PROVOQUER UNE EXPOSITION 
À DES RADIATIONS DANGEREUSES.
NE PAS OUVRIR LES COUVERCLES NI ESSAYER DE RÉ-
PARER SOIMÊME.
CONFIER TOUT TRAVAIL D’ENTRETIEN À UN PERSONNEL 
QUALIFIÉ.
12-F-1
Les mesures de sécurité relatives au laser ne s’appliquent que 
lors de l’installation d’une unité avec laser.
12-F-2-1
Camera Light / Lumière de la caméra
<For model with rear camera>
CAUTION
-  The light from the LED is strong and can injure human eyes. 
Do not look directly at the LEDs with naked eyes.
57-E-1
<Pour les modèles munis d’une caméra arrière>
ATTENTION
-  La lumière de la diode LED est forte et peut blesser l’oeil 
humain. Ne regardez pas directement les LED avec les yeux 
non protégés.
57-F-1
Battery Pack / Batterie
CAUTION:
Risk of Explosion if Battery is replaced by an Incorrect Type. 
Dispose of Used Batteries According to the Instructions.
58-E-1
ATTENTION:
Il y a risque d’explosion si la batterie est remplacée par une batterie 
de type incorrect.
Mettre au rebut les batteries usagées conformément aux instructions.
58-F-1
Information for Users on Collection 
and Disposal of Old Equipment and 
used Batteries
     
These symbols are only valid in the 
European Union.
  If you wish to discard this product, 
please contact your local authori-
ties or dealer and ask for the cor-
rect method of disposal.
53-M-1
Safety Precautions
<Only for model with wireless WAN>
The following safety precautions must be observed during all 
phases of the operation, usage, service or repair of any Person-
al Computer or Handheld Computer incorporating wireless WAN 
modem. Manufacturers of the cellular terminal are advised to 
convey the following safety information to users and operating 
personnel and to incorporate these guidelines into all manuals 
supplied with the product. Failure to comply with these precau-
tions violates safety standards of design, manufacture and 
intended use of the product. Panasonic assumes no liability for 
customer failure to comply with these precautions.
  When in a hospital or other health care facility, ob-
serve the restrictions on the use of mobiles. Switch 
Personal Computer or Handheld Computer incorpo-
rating wireless WAN modem off, if instructed to do so 
by the guidelines posted in sensitive areas. Medical 
equipment may be sensitive to RF energy. 
  The operation of cardiac pacemakers, other im-
planted medical equipment and hearing aids can be 
affected by interference from Personal Computer 
or Handheld Computer incorporating wireless WAN 
modem placed close to the device. If in doubt about 
potential danger, contact the physician or the manu-
facturer of the device to verify that the equipment is 
properly shielded. Pacemaker patients are advised to 
keep their Personal Computer or Handheld Computer 
incorporating wireless WAN modem away from the 
pacemaker, while it is on.
  Switch off Personal Computer or Handheld Computer 
incorporating wireless WAN modem before board-
ing an aircraft. Make sure it cannot be switched on 
inadvertently. The operation of wireless appliances 
in an aircraft is forbidden to prevent interference with 
communications systems. Failure to observe these 
instructions may lead to the suspension or denial of 
cellular services to the offender, legal action, or both. 
For details on usage of this unit in aircrafts please 
consult and follow instruction provided by the airline.
  Do not operate Personal Computer or Handheld 
Computer incorporating wireless WAN modem in the 
presence of ammable gases or fumes. Switch off 
the cellular terminal when you are near petrol sta-
tions, fuel depots, chemical plants or where blasting 
operations are in progress. Operation of any electri-
cal equipment in potentially explosive atmospheres 
can constitute a safety hazard.
  Your Personal Computer or Handheld Computer 
incorporating wireless WAN modem receives and 
transmits radio frequency energy while switched on. 
Remember that interference can occur if it is used 
close to TV sets, radios, computers or inadequately 
shielded equipment. Follow any special regulations 
and always switch off Personal Computer or Hand-
held Computer incorporating wireless WAN modem 
wherever forbidden, or when you suspect that it may 
cause interference or danger.
  Road safety comes rst! Do not use a Personal Com-
puter or Handheld Computer incorporating wireless 
WAN modem while driving a vehicle. Do not place 
the computer with wireless WAN modem in an area 
where it could cause personal injury to the driver or 
passengers. It is recommended to stow the unit in the 
boot or secure stowage area while driving. 
  Do not place the computer with wireless WAN mo-
dem in an area over an air bag or in the vicinity 
where an air bag may deploy. 
  Air bags inate with great force and if the computer 
with wireless WAN modem is placed in the air bag 
deployment area may be propelled with great force 
and cause serious injury to occupants of the vehicle.
  IMPORTANT!
Personal Computer or Handheld Computer incor-
porating wireless WAN modem operate using radio 
signals and cellular networks cannot be guaranteed 
to connect in all conditions. Therefore, you should 
never rely solely upon any wireless device for essen-
tial communications, for example emergency calls.
Remember, in order to make or receive calls, Per-
sonal Computer or Handheld Computer incorporating 
wireless WAN modem must be switched on and in a 
service area with adequate cellular signal strength.
Some networks do not allow for emergency calls if 
certain network services or phone features are in use 
(e.g. lock functions, xed dialing etc.). You may need 
to deactivate those features before you can make an 
emergency call.
Some networks require that a valid SIM card be 
properly inserted in Personal Computer or Handheld 
Computer incorporating wireless WAN modem.
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   7 2013/06/12   12:48:15

--- Page 8 ---
8
Read Me First
Regulatory Information
For U.S.A.
Federal Communications Commission Radio Frequency 
Interference Statement
Note: This equipment has been tested and found to comply with 
the limits for a Class B digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of the 
FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable 
protection against harmful interference in a residential instal-
lation. This equipment generates, uses and can radiate radio 
frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance 
with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio 
communications. However, there is no guarantee that interfer-
ence will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment 
does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, 
which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, 
the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one 
or more of the following measures:
l
  Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
l
 
Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
l
  Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different 
from that to which the receiver is connected.
l
  Consult the Panasonic Service Center or an experienced 
radio/TV technician for help.
Warning
To assure continued compliance, use only shielded interface 
cables when connecting to a computer or peripheral.  Also, any 
changes or modications not expressly approved by the party 
responsible for compliance could void the user’s authority to 
operate this equipment.
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation 
is subject to the following two conditions:
(1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and
(2) This device must accept any interference received, including 
interference that may cause undesired operation.
FCC RF Exposure Warning:
l
  This equipment is provided with PC Card slot that could be 
used with wireless transmitters, which will be specically 
recommended when they become available.
  Other third-party wireless transmitters have not been RF 
exposure evaluated for use with this computer and may not 
comply with FCC RF exposure requirements.
<Only for model with wireless LAN/wireless WAN/Bluetooth>
l
  This equipment complies with FCC radiation exposure limits 
set forth for an uncontrolled environment.
l
  This equipment has been approved for mobile operation, 
and unless otherwise advised in separate supplemental 
instructions for individual wireless transmitter(s), requires 
minimum 20cm spacing be provided between antenna(s) 
and all person’s body (excluding extremities of hands, wrist 
and feet) during wireless modes of operation.
l
  This equipment may not be co-located or operated with any 
other antenna or transmitter.
<Optional Car Mounter / Port Replicator>
l
  This equipment is provided with external antenna 
connector(s) for connection to optional Car Mounter or Port 
Replicator for mobile external mounted antenna(s). Exter-
nal antenna(s) must be professionally installed and cannot 
exceed recommended maximum antenna gain as described 
in individual provided supplement instructions for wireless 
transmitters.
  For WLAN, the Car Mounter should be used with Radiall/
Larsen WLAN whip antenna, type NMO5E2400BKTNC 
with 5dBi antenna gain or less. Also, user must maintain 
minimum 20 cm spacing between external antenna(s) and 
all person’s body (excluding extremities of hands, wrist and 
feet) during wireless modes of operation.
25-M-5
<Only for model with wireless LAN>
This product is restricted to indoor use due to its operation in 
the 5.15 to 5.25 GHz frequency range. FCC requires this prod-
uct to be used indoors for the frequency range 5.15 to 5.25 GHz 
to reduce the potential for harmful interference to co-channel 
Mobile Satellite systems. High power radars are allocated as 
primary users of the 5.25 to 5.35 GHz and 5.65 to 5.85 GHz 
bands. These radar stations can cause interference with and/or 
damage this product.
25-M-W
Responsible Party:  Panasonic Corporation of North America
  Two Riverfront Plaza 
  Newark, NJ 07102
  Tel No:1-800-LAPTOP5 (1-800-527-8675)
6-M-1
<Only for model with modem>
FCC Regulation Notice for modem 
This equipment contains a FCC approved modem.
1.  This equipment complies with CFR47 Part 68 rules.  
On the computer is a label that contains, among other infor-
mation, the FCC registration number and ringer equivalence 
number (REN) for this equipment. If required, this informa-
tion must be provided to the telephone company.
2.  An FCC compliant telephone cord and modular plug is 
provided with this equipment. This equipment is designed to 
be connected to the telephone network or premises wiring 
using a compatible modular jack which is Part 68 compliant. 
See Installation Instructions for details.
3.  The REN is used to determine the quantity of devices which 
may be connected to the telephone line. Excessive RENs 
on the telephone line may result in the devices not ringing in 
response to an incoming call. In most, but not all area, the 
sum of RENs should not exceed ve (5.0). To be certain of 
the number of devices that may be connected to a line, as 
determined by the total RENs, contact the local telephone 
company.
4.  If your telephone equipment cause harm to the telephone 
network, the telephone company will notify you in advice that 
temporary discontinuance of service may be required. But 
if advice notice isn’t practical, the telephone company will 
notify the customer as soon as possible. Also, you will be 
advised of your right to le a complaint with the FCC if you 
believe it is necessary.
5.  The telephone company may take changes in its facilities, 
equipment, operations or procedures that could affect the 
operation of the equipment. If this happens the telephone 
company will provide advance notice in order for you to 
make necessary modications to maintain uninterrupted 
service.
6.  If trouble is experienced with this equipment, for repair or 
warranty information, please contact Panasonic Corpora-
tion of North America at DIAL TOLL FREE 1-800-LAPTOP5 
(1-800-527-8675). If the equipment is causing harm to the 
telephone network, the telephone company may request that 
you disconnect the equipment until the problem is resolved.
7.  There are no user serviceable parts contained in this equip-
ment.
8.  This equipment may not be used on coin service provided 
by the telephone company. Connection to party lines is sub-
ject to state tariffs.
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   8 2013/06/12   12:48:15

--- Page 9 ---
9
Read Me First
9.  The Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991 makes it 
unlawful for any person to use a computer or other electron-
ic device to send any message via a telephone fax machine 
unless such message clearly contains in a margin at the top 
or bottom of each transmitted page or on the rst page of the 
transmission, the date and time it is sent and an identica-
tion of the business or other entry, or other individual send-
ing the message and the telephone number of the sending 
machine or such business, other entity, or individual. In 
order to program this information into your fax software, you 
should refer to the manual of the Fax software being used.
10. According to the FCC’s electrical safety advisory, we rec-
ommend that you may install an AC surge arrestor in the 
AC outlet to which this equipment is connected. Telephone 
companies report that electrical surges, typically lightning 
transients, are very destructive to customer terminal equip-
ment connected to AC power sources and that this is a 
major nationwide problem.
  “Caution : To reduce the risk of re, use only No.26 AWG or 
larger (e.g., 24 AWG) UL listed or CSA certied telecommunica-
tion line cord.”
  “ATTENTION : Pour réduire le risque d’incendie, utiliser unique-
ment des conducteurs de télécommunications 26 AWG ou de 
section supérieure (p.ex. 24 AWG) UL énumérés ou CSA certi-
é.”
16-M-1
UL1604-conforming model. (The model which has description of 
“UL1604” in the bottom of the computer.)
THIS EQUIPMENT IS SUITABLE FOR USE IN CLASS I, DI-
VISION2, GROUPS A, B, C, AND D OR NON-HAZARDOUS 
LOCATIONS ONLY.
WARNING-EXPLOSION HAZARD-SUBSTITUTION OF COM-
PONENTS MAY IMPAIR SUITABILITY FOR CLASSI, DIVI-
SION2.
When connecting and using a device manufactured by a third 
party, enquire to the manufacturer as to whether the device suits 
CLASS1, DIVISION2.
33-M-1-1
USA Only: Disposal may be regulated in your community 
due to environmental considerations. For disposal or recy-
cling information, please visit Panasonic website:  
http://www.panasonic.com/environmental or call 
1-888-769-0149
65-M-2
<For USA and Canada>
A lithium ion battery that is recyclable 
powers the product you have pur-
chased.
Please call 1-800-8-BATTERY for infor-
mation on how to recycle this battery.
L’appareil que vous vous êtes procuré 
est alimenté par une batterie au lithium-
ion.
Pour des renseignements sur le recy-
clage de la batterie, veuillez composer 
le 1-800-8-BATTERY.
48-M-1
External Antenna
FCC RF Exposure Warning:

 This equipment is provided with external antenna 
connector(s) for connection to optional Car Mounter or Port 
Replicator for mobile external mounted antenna(s). Exter-
nal antenna(s) must be professionally installed and cannot 
exceed recommended maximum antenna gain as described 
in individual provided supplement instructions for wireless 
transmitters.

The Car Mounter is provided with Radiall/Larsen WLAN whip 
antenna, type NMO5E2400BKTNC with 5dBi antenna gain. 
The maximum allowable antenna gain for the external WWAN 
base whip antenna for the 800 MHz and/or 850 MHz bands 
are 4 dBi, 3 dBi at 1700 MHz band and 1900 MHz band and 
9 dBi at 700 MHz band. Also, user must maintain minimum 
20 cm spacing between external antenna(s) and all person’s 
body (excluding extremities of hands, wrist and feet) during 
wireless modes of operation.
32-M-1
For Used in Motor Vehicle /Pour L’utilisation Dans Un Véhi-
cule Motorisé
Warning: Notebook Computer may be installed in a motor ve-
hicle and visible to the driver only if used to support vehicle re-
lated functions such as vehicle information, system control, rear 
or side observation and navigation. If used for entertainment 
purpose, such as television reception or video play, it must be 
installed to the rear of the driver’s seat where it will not be vis-
ible, directly or indirectly, to the operator of the motor vehicle. 
Check with individual state/provincial laws to determine lawful 
use of this product while operating within a motor vehicle.
Avertissement : L’ordinateur bloc-notes peut être installé dans 
un véhicule motorisé et dans le champ de vision du conducteur 
uniquement en tant que dispositif d’aide aux fonctions du véhi-
cule, comme par exemple pour fournir des informations sur le 
véhicule, comme dispositif de contrôle de système, pour l’ob-
servation à l’arrière ou sur les côtés du véhicule, ainsi que pour 
fournir de l’information routière. Pour toute utilisation à n de 
divertissement, comme par exemple pour regarder la télévision 
ou jouer à des jeux vidéo, il doit être installé à l’arrière du siège 
du conducteur, en un emplacement où il ne sera pas visible, ni 
directement ni indirectement, pour le conducteur du véhicule 
motorisé. Vériez les lois fédérales et nationales qui régissent 
l’utilisation légale de cet appareil à l’intérieur d’un véhicule mo-
torisé.
35-M-1
<For USA-California Only>
This product contains a Coin Cell Lithium Battery 
which contains Perchlorate Material - special handling 
may apply.
See www.dtsc.ca.gov/hazardouswaste/perchlorate/
38-M-1
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   9 2013/06/12   12:48:15

--- Page 10 ---
10
Read Me First
Regulatory Information
For Canada
<Only for model with modem>
Industry Canada (IC) Notice for modem
This equipment contains an Industry Canada approved modem 
unit.
The Industry Canada label is afxed on the modem unit.
EQUIPMENT ATTACHMENT LIMITATIONS
“NOTICE: The Industry Canada label identies certied equip-
ment. This certication means that the equipment meets tele-
communications network protective, operational and safety re-
quirements as prescribed in the appropriate Terminal Equipment 
Technical Requirements document(s). The Department does not 
guarantee the equipment will operate to the user’s satisfaction.
Before installing this equipment, users should ensure that it is 
permissible to be connected to the facilities of the local telecom-
munications company. The equipment must also be installed us-
ing an acceptable method of connection. The customer should 
be aware that compliance with the above conditions may not 
prevent degradation of service in some situations.
Repairs to certied equipment should be coordinated by a rep-
resentative designated by the supplier. Any repairs or alterations 
made by the user to this equipment, or equipment malfunctions, 
may give the telecommunications company cause to request 
the user to disconnect the equipment.
Users should ensure for their own protection that the electri-
cal ground connections of the power utility, telephone lines and 
internal metallic water pipe system, if present, are connected 
together. This precaution may be particularly important in rural 
areas. Caution: Users should not attempt to make such con-
nections themselves, but should contact the appropriate electric 
inspection authority, or electrician, as appropriate.”
“NOTICE: The Ringer Equivalence Number (REN) assigned to 
each terminal device provides an indication of the maximum 
number of terminals allowed to be connected to a telephone 
interface. The termination on an interface may consist of any 
combination of devices subject only to the requirement that the 
sum of the Ringer Equivalence Numbers of all the devices does 
not exceed 5.”
REN: See bottom of the computer
RESTRICTIONS CONCERNANT LE RACCORDEMENT DE 
MATÉRIEL
“AVIS: L’étiquette d’Industrie Canada identie le matériel homo-
logué. Cette étiquette certie que le matériel est conforme aux 
normes de protection, d’exploitation et de sécurité des réseaux 
de télécommunications, comme le prescrivent les documents 
concernant les exigences techniques relatives au matériel 
terminal. Le Ministère n’assure toutefois pas que le matériel 
fonctionnera à la satisfaction de l’utilisateur.
Avant d’installer ce matériel, l’utilisateur doit s’assurer qu’il est 
permis de le raccorder aux installations de l’entreprise locale de 
télécommunication. Le matériel doit également être installé en 
suivant une méthode acceptée de raccordement.
L’abonné ne doit pas oublier qu’il est possible que la conformité 
aux conditions énoncées ci-dessus n’empêche pas la dégrada-
tion du service dans certaines situations.
Les réparations de matériel homologué doivent être coordon-
nées par un représentant désigné par le fournisseur.
L’entreprise de télécommunications peut demander à l’utilisa-
teur de débrancher un appareil à la suite de réparations ou de 
modications effectuées par l’utilisateur ou à cause de mauvais 
fonctionnement.
Pour sa propre protection, l’utilisateur doit s’assurer que tous 
les ls de mise à la terre de la source d’énergie électrique, des 
lignes téléphoniques et des canalisations d’eau métalliques,  
s’il y en a, sont raccordés ensemble. Cette précaution est parti-
culièrement importante dans les régions rurales. Avertissement: 
L’utilisateur ne doit pas tenter de faire ces raccordements lui-
même; il doit avoir recours à un service d’inspection des instal-
lations électriques, ou à un électricien, selon le cas.”
“AVIS: L’indice d’équivalence de la sonnerie (IES) assigné à 
chaque dispositif terminal indique le nombre maximal de termi-
naux qui peuvent être raccordés à une interface. La terminaison 
d’une interface téléphonique peut consister en une combinai-
son de quelques dispositifs, à la seule condition que la somme 
d’indices d’équivalence de la sonnerie de touts les dispositifs 
n’excède pas 5.”
IES: Voir sous le fond de l’ordinateur
17-Ca-1
Canadian ICES-003
CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B)
7-M-2
<Only for model with wireless LAN/Bluetooth>
Industry Canada
This product complies with RSS210 Industry Canada.
Operation is subject to the following two conditions;
(1) this device may not cause interference, and
(2) this device must accept any interference, including interfer-
ence that may cause undesired operation of the device.
<Ne s’applique qu’aux modèes avec technologie Bluetooth/LAN 
sans l/WAN sans l>
Industrie Canada
Cet équipement est conforme à la norme CNR-210 d’ndustrie 
Canada. Son fonctionnement est
soumis aux deux conditions suivantes :
(1) ce dispositif ne peut produire de brouillage, et
(2) ce dispositif doit accepter le brouillage, y compris le 
brouillage pouvant entraîner le fonctionnement non désiré 
de l’appareil.
30-Ca-1-1
<Only for model with wireless LAN>
This product (local network devices) for the band 5150-
5250 MHz is only indoor usage to reduce potential for harmful 
interference to co-channel Mobile Satellite systems.
High power radars are allocated as primary users (meaning 
they have priority) of 5250-5350 MHz and 5650-5850 MHz and 
these radars could cause interference and/or damage to LELAN 
devices.
<Ne s’applique qu’aux modèes avec technologie LAN sans l>
Cet appareil (pour réseaux locaux radioélectriques) dans les 
bandes de fréquences 5150-5250 MHz est réervéàune utili-
sation àl’intéieur an de réuire le risque d’interféence avec les 
systèmes satellites mobiles bicanaux.
Les radars forte puissance sont désignés comme étant les pre-
miers utilisateurs (c’st-à-dire qu’ls ont la priorité) des bandes de 
fréquences 5250-5350 MHz et 5650-5850 MHz. Ces stations ra-
dars peuvent provoquer des interférences et/ou des dommages 
à ce périphérique.
30-Ca-2-1
This device has been designed to operate with the Radiall/
Larsen whip antenna, type NMO5E2400BKTNC WLAN an-
tenna having a maximum gain of 5dB. A WLAN Antenna having 
a higher gain is strictly prohibited per regulations of Industry 
Canada. The Required antenna impedance is 50 ohms.
To reduce potential radio interference to other users, the an-
tenna type and its gain should be so chosen that the equivalent 
isotropically radiated power (EIRP) is not more than that re-
quired for successful communication.
Cet appareil est conçu pour opérer avec l’antenne-fouet Radiall/
Larsen, type WLAN NMO5E2400BKTNC, ayant un gain maxi-
mum de 5 dB. Les règlements d’Industrie Canada interdisent  
l’utilisation d’une antenne WLAN dont le gain serait supérieur à 
cette limite. L’antenne doit avoir une impédance de 50 ohms.
An de réduire le risque d’interférence radioélectrique aux 
autres utilisateurs des bandes de fréquences, le type d’antenne 
et son gain doivent être tels que la puissance isotrope rayonnée 
équivalente (PIRE) n’est pas plus élevée que le niveau requis 
pour assurer la communication.
25-Ca-1-1
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   10 2013/06/12   12:48:15

--- Page 11 ---
11
Read Me First
<Only for model with wireless LAN/wireless WAN/Bluetooth>
l
This computer complies with Industry Canada radiation 
exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment.
l
This equipment has been approved for mobile operation, 
and unless otherwise advised in separate supplemental 
instructions for individual wireless transmitter(s), requires 
minimum 20 cm spacing be provided between antenna(s) 
and all person’s body (excluding extremities of hands, wrist 
and feet) during wireless modes of operation.
<Ne s’applique qu’aux modèles avec technologie Bluetooth/
LAN sans l/WAN sans l>
l
  Cet équipement est conforme aux limites d’exposition aux 
rayonnements d’Industrie Canada établies pour un environ-
nement non contrôlé.
l
Cet équipement a été approuvé à des ns d’opération 
mobile et, sauf indication contraire, dans une notice supplé-
mentaire concernant les émetteurs sans l individuels, doit 
être utilisé en veillant qu’il y ait une distance d’au moins 20 
cm entre son(ses) antenne(s) et le corps de l’utilisateur (sauf 
les extrémités : mains, poignets et pieds) dans les modes 
d’opération sans l.
FOR USE WITH MODEL NO. : CF-AA5713A
POUR UTILISER AVEC MODÈLE : CF-AA5713A
20-Ca-1
CSA C22 2 NO.213-conforming model. (The model which has 
description of “CSA C22 2 NO.213” in the bottom of the com-
puter.)
THIS EQUIPMENT IS SUITABLE FOR USE IN CLASS I, DI-
VISION2, GROUPS A, B, C, AND D OR NON-HAZARDOUS 
LOCATIONS ONLY.
WARNING-EXPLOSION HAZARD-SUBSTITUTION OF COM-
PONENTS MAY IMPAIR SUITABILITY FOR CLASSI, DIVI-
SION2.
When connecting and using a device manufactured by a third 
party, enquire to the manufacturer as to whether the device suits 
CLASS1, DIVISION2.
33-Ca-1
External Antenna
This device has been designed to operate with the WWAN 
antenna having a maximum gain of 4 dBi for the 850 MHz band, 
3 dBi for the 1700 MHz band and 3 dBi for the 1900 MHz band. 
WWAN Antenna having a higher gain is strictly prohibited per 
regulations of Industry Canada. The Required antenna imped-
ance is 50 ohms.
To reduce potential radio interference to other users, the an-
tenna type and its gain should be so chosen that the equivalent 
isotropically radiated power (EIRP) is not more than that re-
quired for successful communication.
Ce dispositif a été conçu pour fonctionner avec l’antenne de ré-
seau étendu sans l (WWAN) avec un gain maximum de 4 dBi 
dans la bande de 850 MHz, 3 dBi dans la bande de 1 700 MHz 
et 3 dBi dans la bande de 1 900 MHz. Les règlements d’Indus-
trie Canada interdisent l’utilisation d’une antenne WWAN dont 
le gain serait supérieur à cette limite. L’antenne doit avoir une 
impédance de 50 ohms.
An de réduire le risque d’interférence radioélectrique aux 
autres utilisateurs des bandes de fréquences, le type d’antenne 
et son gain doivent être tels que la puissance isotrope rayonnée 
équivalente (PIRE) n’est pas plus élevée que le niveau requis 
pour assurer la communication.
32-Ca-1-1
For Europe
<Only for model with a “CE” mark on the bottom of the 
computer>
Declaration of Conformity (DoC)
“Hereby, Panasonic declares that this Personal 
Computer is in compliance with the essential 
requirements and other relevant provisions of the 
Directive 1999/5/EC.”
Hint:
If you want to get a copy of the original DoC of our above men-
tioned products, please contact our web address:
http://www.doc.panasonic.de
Authorised Representative:
Panasonic Testing Centre
Panasonic Marketing Europe GmbH
Winsbergring 15, 22525 Hamburg, Germany
Network connection of Wired Modem.
The terminal equipment is intended for connection to the follow-
ing public network;
In all the countries of European Economical Area and Turkey;
- Public Switched Telephony Networks
Technical Features of Wired Modem.
The terminal equipment includes the following features;
- DTMF dialing
- Maximum bitrate receiving mode: 56 kbit/s
- Maximum bitrate sending mode: 33.6 kbit/s
18-E-1
For Australia
For Used in Motor Vehicle
Warning: Notebook Computer may be installed in a motor 
vehicle and visible to the driver only if used to support vehicle 
related functions such as vehicle information, system control, 
rear or side observation and navigation. If the Notebook Com-
puter is to be used for work or entertainment purposes, such as 
television reception, video play or other work programs, it must 
be installed in a position where it will NOT:
(a) be visible, directly or indirectly, to the operator of the motor 
vehicle; or
(b) cause distraction to drivers of other motor vehicles.
Check with individual state laws to determine lawful use of this 
product while operating within a motor vehicle. If the visual 
display unit is, or is part of, a driver’s aid, above rule is not ap-
plied. “Driver’s aid” includes closed-circuit television security 
cameras, dispatch systems, navigational or intelligent highway 
and vehicle system equipment, rear view screens, ticket-issuing 
machines and vehicle monitoring devices.
35-A-1
For India Only
For the purpose of recycling to facilitate effective 
utilization of resources, please return this product 
to a nearby authorized collection center, registered 
dismantler or recycler, or Panasonic service center 
when disposing of this product.
Please see the Panasonic website for further infor-
mation on collection centers, etc.
http://www.panasonic.co.in/wps/portal/home
68-M-1
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   11 2013/06/12   12:48:16

--- Page 12 ---
12
Getting Started
Introduction
Thank you for purchasing this Panasonic product. For optimum performance and safety, please read these instructions 
carefully.
In these instructions, the names are referred as follows.
 indicates Windows
®
 8 Operating System.
 indicates Windows
®
 7 Operating System.

  Terms and illustrations in these instructions
CAUTION
 :  Conditions that may result in minor or moderate injury.
NOTE
 :  Useful and helpful information.
Enter
 :  Press [Enter] key.
Fn
 + 
F5
 :  Press and hold [Fn] key, and then press [F5] key.
l
  Display “Charm”:    Align the cursor to the top right (or bottom right) corner of the screen to display Charm 
menu. Alternatively, ick toward the center of the screen from the right edge.
l
 
 -   :   Click   (Settings) and then click   (Power).
 (Start) - [All Programs] :  Click   (Start), and then click [All Programs]. You may need to double-click in some 
cases.
è
 :  Page in these Operating Instructions or in the Reference Manual.
 :  Reference to the on-screen manuals.
l
  Some illustrations are simplied to help your understanding and may look different from the actual unit.
l
  If you do not log on as an administrator, you cannot use some functions or cannot display some screens.
l
  Refer for the latest information about optional products to the catalogs, etc.
l
  In these instructions, the names and terms are referred as follows.

 “Windows
®
 8 Pro 64-bit” as “Windows” or “Windows 8”

 “Windows
®
 7 Professional 32-bit Service Pack 1” and “Windows
®
 7 Professional 64-bit Service Pack 1” as “Win-
dows” or “Windows 7”

 DVD MULTI drive as “CD/DVD drive”

 Circular media including DVD-ROM and CD-ROM as “discs”

  Disclaimer
Computer specications and manuals are subject to change without notice. Panasonic Corporation assumes no li-
ability for damage incurred directly or indirectly from errors, omissions or discrepancies between the computer and the 
manuals.

  Trademarks
Microsoft
®
, Windows
®
, the Windows logo, and IntelliMouse are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation of the 
United States and/or other countries.
Intel, Core, Centrino and PROSet are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Intel Corporation.
SDXC Logo is a trademark of SD-3C, LLC. 
Adobe, the Adobe logo and Adobe Reader are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorpo-
rated in the United States and/or other countries.
Bluetooth
®
 is a registered trademark owned by Bluetooth SIG, Inc., U.S.A. and licensed to Panasonic Corporation.
HDMI, the HDMI Logo and High-Denition Multimedia Interface are trademarks or registered trademarks of HDMI 
Licensing LLC in the United States and other countries.
Names of products, brands, etc., appearing in this manual are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective 
own companies.
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   12 2013/06/12   12:48:16

--- Page 13 ---
13
Getting Started
Description of Parts
A: Wireless LAN Antenna / Bluetooth Antenna
  <Only for model with wireless LAN>
è
   Reference Manual “Wireless LAN”
  <Only for model with Bluetooth>
è
 
 Reference Manual “Bluetooth”
B: Camera
  <Only for model with Camera>
C: Wireless WAN Antenna
  <Only for model with wireless WAN>
è
 
 Reference Manual “Wireless WAN”
D: GPS Antenna (Rear side)
  <Only for model with GPS>
E: LCD
è
 
 Reference Manual “Screen Input Operation” 
(Only for model with touchscreen)
F:  Function Key
è
   Reference Manual “Key Combinations”
G: Keyboard
H: Touch Pad
I:  LED Indicator
 
 : SD Memory Card Indicator
(Blinking: During access)
è
 
 Reference Manual “SD Memory Card”
 
 : Wireless ready
This indicator lights when Wireless LAN, Blue-
tooth, and/or Wireless WAN are connected and 
ready. It does not necessarily indicate the On/Off 
condition of the wireless connection.
è
   
Reference Manual “Wireless LAN”, “Bluetooth”, 
“Disabling/Enabling Wireless Communication”, 
“Wireless WAN”
   : Caps lock
 
 : Numeric key (NumLk)
 
 : Scroll lock (ScrLk)
 
 :  Hard disk drive status
   :  Multimedia pocket device status or the second 
battery status.
 
 :  Battery status
è
 
 Reference Manual “Battery Power”
 
 :  Power status
(Off: Power off/Hibernation, Green: Power on, 
Blinking green: Sleep)
J:  Power Switch
K: Carrying Handle
L:  Stylus Holder
M: Fingerprint Reader
  <Only for model with Fingerprint Reader>
 
è
   Reference Manual “Fingerprint Reader”
N: ExpressCard Slot 
è
 
 Reference Manual “PC Card / ExpressCard”
O: PC Card Slot
è
 
 Reference Manual “PC Card / ExpressCard”
P: Multimedia Pocket
è
 
 Reference Manual “Multimedia Pocket”
Q: Wireless Switch
è
 
 Reference Manual “Disabling/Enabling Wireless 
Communication”
R: Smart Card Slot
è
 
 Reference Manual “Smart Card”
S: SD Memory Card Slot
  Keep SD Memory Cards Away from Infants and Small 
Children.
è
 
 Reference Manual “SD Memory Card”
T:  Battery Pack
  Specied Battery pack: CF-VZSU46AU/CF-VZSU72U
U: Ventilation Hole (Exhaust)
D
E
L
MA
H
I
K
J
F
B
C
A
G
Left side
N P T UR SQO
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   13 2013/06/12   12:48:17

--- Page 14 ---
14
Getting Started
Right side
D H
E
*1
E
*2
E
*3
F GA CB
I J L M N O PK
Q
R S
Rear side Bottom
A: Hard Disk Drive
è
 
 Reference Manual “Hard Disk Drive”
B: HDMI Port
è
 
 Reference Manual “External Display”
C: SIM Card Slot
  <Only for model with wireless WAN>
  Insert the SIM card into the SIM card slot with the 
contact side facing down and the cut corner facing 
forward.
è
 
 Reference Manual “Wireless WAN”
D: LAN Port
è
 
 Reference Manual “LAN”
E: 2nd LAN Port
*1
 / Modem Port
*2
 / IEEE 1394 Interface 
Connector
*3
 
*1
 <Only for model with 2nd LAN>
è
   Reference Manual “LAN”
 
*2
 <Only for model with Modem>
è
 
 Reference Manual “Modem”
 
*3
 <Only for model with IEEE 1394>
è
 
 Reference Manual “IEEE 1394 Devices”
F:  USB Port (2.0)
è
 
 Reference Manual “USB Devices”
G: USB Port (2.0)
*4
 / (3.0)
è
 
 Reference Manual “USB Devices”
*4
 Only for the Value Model
H: DC-IN Jack
I:  Security Lock
  A Kensington cable can be connected.
  For further information, read the manual that comes 
with the cable.
J:  USB Port (2.0)
è
 
 Reference Manual “USB Devices”
K: External Antenna Connector
L:  Expansion Bus Connector
è
 
 Reference Manual “Port Replicator / Car 
Mounter”
M: External Display Port (VGA)
è
 
 Reference Manual “External Display”
N: Headphone Jack
  You can connect headphones or amplied speakers. 
When they are connected, audio from the internal 
speakers is not heard.
O: Microphone Jack
  A condenser microphone can be used. If other types 
of microphones are used, audio input may not be pos-
sible, or malfunctions may occur as a result. 
P: Serial Port
Q: RAM Module Slot
è
 
 Reference Manual “RAM Module”
R: Speaker
  <Only for model with Camera>
  Do not turn the speaker volume and/or microphone 
volume up too loud. Feedback noise may occur.
è
 
 Reference Manual “Key Combinations”
S: Ventilation Hole (Intake)
Description of Parts
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   14 2013/06/12   12:48:18

--- Page 15 ---
15
Getting Started
l
  This computer contains a magnet and magnetic products at the locations 
circled in the illustration at right. Avoid leaving metallic object or magnetic me-
dia in contact with these areas.
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   15 2013/06/12   12:48:18

--- Page 16 ---
16
Getting Started

  Preparation
A
 Check and identify the supplied accessories.
If you do not nd the described accessories, contact Panasonic Technical Support (
è
 pages 39 - 43).
• AC Adaptor . . . . . 1
Model No: CF-AA5713A
• AC Cord . . . . . . . 1 • Battery Pack  . . . 1
Model No: CF-VZSU46AU CF-VZSU72U
(Refer to “Specications” (
è
 page 35).)
<Only for model with touchscreen>
• Soft Cloth . . . . . . 1 • Tether . . . . . . . . . 1 • Stylus . . . . . . . . . 1
(
è
  
 
Reference Manual “Screen Input Operation”
)
• OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS (This book) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .1
B
 Read the LIMITED USE LICENSE AGREEMENT before breaking the seal on the computer’s packaging 
(
è
 page 33).
1  Inserting the Battery Pack
A
 Slide the latch (A) to the right to unlock the cover.
B
 Slide the latch (A) down, and open the cover.
C
 Insert the battery pack until it securely ts the connector.
D
 Close the cover until it clicks.
E
 Slide the latch (B) to the left to lock the cover.
  CAUTION 
l
  Make sure the latch is securely locked. Otherwise the battery pack may fall 
when you carry the computer.
l
  Do not touch the terminals of the battery pack and the computer. Doing so can 
make the terminals dirty or damaged, and may cause malfunction of the battery 
pack and the computer.
  NOTE 
l
  Note that the computer consumes electricity even when the computer power is 
off. If the battery pack is fully charged, the battery will fully discharge in the fol-
lowing period of time: 
•   When power is off: Approx. 6 weeks (with CF-VZSU46AU) / Approx. 3 weeks 
(with CF-VZSU72U)

•   In sleep: Approx. 3 days
*1
 (with CF-VZSU46AU) / Approx. 1.5 days
*1
 (with CF-
VZSU72U)
  •  In hibernation: Approx. 6 days
*1
 (with CF-VZSU46AU) / Approx. 3 days
*1
 (with 
CF-VZSU72U)
*1
 If “Wake Up from wired LAN” is disabled, the period of time will be longer.
l
  When the DC plug is not connected to the computer, disconnect the AC cord 
from your electrical outlet. Power is consumed simply by having the AC adaptor 
plugged into an electrical outlet.
 
5
4
3
1
2
1
First-time Operation
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   16 2013/06/12   12:48:19

--- Page 17 ---
17
Getting Started
2   Attaching the stylus to the computer (only for model with 
touchscreen)
  Use the tether to attach the stylus to the computer so you will not lose it. There 
are holes (A) to attach it.
2
3
4
1
  CAUTION 
l
  Do not pull the tether with excessive force. The stylus may hit the computer, 
person’s body or other objects when released.
3  Opening the Display
A
 Push and hold the latch (A), and lift open the display.
4  Connect your computer to a power outlet.
  The battery charging starts automatically.
  CAUTION 
l
  Do not disconnect the AC adaptor and do not switch the wireless switch to on 
until the rst-time operation procedure is completed.
l
  When using the computer for the rst time, do not connect any peripheral device 
except the battery pack and AC adaptor.
l
  Handling the AC adaptor

 Problems such as sudden voltage drops may arise during periods of thunder 
and lightning. Since this could adversely affect your computer, an uninter-
ruptible power source (UPS) is highly recommended unless running from the 
battery pack alone.
5  Turn on the computer.
A
 Slide and hold the power switch 
 until the power indicator   lights.
  CAUTION 
l
  Do not slide the power switch repeatedly.
l
  The computer will forcibly be turned off if you slide and hold the power switch for 
4 seconds or longer.
l
  Once you turn off the computer, wait for 10 seconds or more before you turn on 
the computer again.
l
 
Do not perform the following operation until the drive indicator   turns off.

 Connecting or disconnecting the AC adaptor

 Sliding the power switch
2
3
1
4
5
1
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   17 2013/06/12   12:48:22

--- Page 18 ---
18
Getting Started

 
Touching the keyboard, touch pad or touchscreen (only for model with touchscreen)

 Closing the display

 Turn on/off the wireless switch
l
  When the CPU temperature is high, the computer may not start up to prevent 
overheating of the CPU. Wait until the computer cools down, and then turn the 
power on again. If the computer does not power on even after cooling down, 
contact Panasonic Technical Support (
è
 pages 39 - 43).
l
  Any changes from the default setting of the Setup Utility must not be made until 
the First-time Operation is completed.
6  Setup Windows.
  Follow the on-screen instructions.
l
 The computer restarts several times. Do not touch the keyboard or touch 
pad, and wait until the drive indicator
   
has turned off.
l
 After the computer is turned on, the screen remains black or unchanged for 
a while. This is not a malfunction. Wait for a moment until the Windows setup 
screen appears.
l
 During setup of Windows, use the touch pad and clicking to move the cursor 
and to click an item.
l
 Setup of Windows will take approximately   5 minutes /   
20 minutes. Go to the next step, conrming each message on the display.
l
 You can set the Wireless Network after the setup of Windows is complete.
 If “Choose a network” is displayed, you can select “Connect to a 
wireless network later”. 
 “Join a wireless network” screen may not appear.
  CAUTION 
l
  You can change the user name, password, image and security setting after 
setup of Windows.
l
  Remember your password. If you forget the password, you cannot use Win-
dows. Creating a password reset disk beforehand is recommended.
l
  Do not use the following words for user name: CON, PRN, AUX, CLOCK$, NUL, 
COM1 to COM9, LPT1 to LPT9, @. In particular, if you create a user name (ac-
count name) that includes the “@” mark, a password will be requested at the 
log-on screen, even if no password has been set. If you try to log on without en-
tering a password, “The user name or password is incorrect.” may be displayed 
and you will not be able to 
 sign in /   log on to Windows 
(
è
 page 30).
7  Restart the computer.
A
 Shut down the computer.
1. Display “Charm” and click  .
2. Click [Power] - [Restart]. 
Click   (Start) -   - [Restart].
8  Create the recovery disc.
  If the recovery partition of the hard disk is damaged or have some problems, 
you can use a recovery disc to install the OS and restore its factory default con-
dition.
  We recommend creating a recovery disc before you begin using the computer.
  Refer to 
è
 
 Reference Manual “Recovery Disc Creation Utility” about creat-
ing the disc.
First-time Operation
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   18 2013/06/12   12:48:22

--- Page 19 ---
19
Getting Started
  NOTE 
l
  PC Information Viewer
 
This computer periodically records the management information of the hard disk, etc. The maximum data volume for each 
record is 1024 bytes.  
This information is only used for estimating the cause in the case when the hard disk goes down by any possibility. They 
are never sent to outside via network nor used for any other purpose except for the purpose described the above.
  To disable the function, add the check mark for [Disable the automatic save function for management information history] 
in [Hard Disk Status] of PC Information Viewer, and click [OK].  
(
è
 
 
Reference Manual “Checking the Computer’s Usage Status”)

  Before using wireless function
A
  Slide the wireless switch to ON.

B
  Display “Charm” and click 
 - [Change PC Settings] - [Wireless].
Set [Airplane mode] to [Off], and then; 
set [Wi-Fi] in “Wireless device” to [On] (for wireless LAN). 
set [Mobile broadband] to [On] (for wireless WAN). 
set [GPS] to [On] (for wireless WAN). 
set [Bluetooth] to [On] (for Bluetooth).

  To change the partition structure
You can shrink a part of an existing partition to create unallocated disk space, from which you can create a new parti-
tion.
This computer has a single partition as default setting.
A
 
Open “Computer”. Right-click [Computer], then click [Manage]. 
To open “Computer”, proceed as follows on the Start screen. 
1. Right-click any empty location on the Start screen. 
2. Click [All apps] on the app bar. 
3. Click [Computer] under “Windows System”. 
Click   (Start) and right-click [Computer], then click [Manage].
l
  A standard user needs to enter an administrator password.
B
  Click [Disk Management].
C
  Right-click the partition for Windows (“c” drive in the default setting), and click [Shrink Volume].
l
  The partition size depends on the computer specications.
D
  Input the size in [Enter the amount of space to shrink in MB] and click [Shrink].
l
  You cannot input a larger number than the displayed size.
l
  To select [Reinstall to the System and OS partitions.] in reinstalling the software (
è
 page 25), the following 
size is necessary for [Total size after shrink in MB]. 
 70000 MB or more
 60000 MB or more
E
  Right-click [Unallocated] (the shrunk space in the step 
D
) and click [New Simple Volume].
F
  Follow the on-screen instructions to make the settings, and click [Finish].
Wait until formatting is completed.
  NOTE 
l
  You can create an additional partition using remaining unallocated space or newly creating unallocated space.
l
  To delete a partition, right-click the partition and click [Delete Volume] in the step 
C
.
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   19 2013/06/12   12:48:22

--- Page 20 ---
20
Getting Started
Turning On / Turning Off
Turning On
Slide and hold the power switch   (
è
 page 13) until the power indicator   (
è
 page 13) lights.
  NOTE 
l
  Do not slide the power switch repeatedly.
l
  The computer will forcibly be turned off if you slide and hold the power switch for four seconds or longer.
l
  Once you turn off the computer, wait for ten seconds or more before you turn on the computer again.
l
  Do not perform the following operation until the drive indicator 
 turns off.
•  Connecting or disconnecting the AC adaptor
•  Sliding the power switch
•  Touching the keyboard, touch pad, tablet buttons, screen or external mouse
•  Closing the display
•  Turn on/off the wireless switch
Turning Off
A
  Shut down the computer.
1. Display “Charm” and click  .
2. Click [Power] - [Shut down].
Click   (Start) - [Shutdown].
  NOTE 
l
 
To turn off the computer, proceed as follows.
A
  Display “Charm” and click 
 - [Change PC settings] - [General].
B
  Click [Restart now] under “Advanced startup”
C
  Click [Turn off your PC].
Precautions against Starting Up/Shutting Down
l
  Do not do the following
•  Connecting or disconnecting the AC adaptor
•  Sliding the power switch
•  Touching the keyboard, touch pad, screen or external mouse
•  Closing the display
•  Turn on/off the wireless switch
  NOTE 
l
  To conserve power, the following power saving methods are set at the time of purchase.
•  The screen automatically turns off after : 
10 minutes (when AC adaptor is connected) of inactivity 
5 minutes (when operating on battery power) of inactivity
•  The computer automatically enters sleep
*1
 after :
 30 minutes /   20 minutes (when AC adaptor is connected) of inactivity
15 minutes (when operating on battery power) of inactivity
*1
 Refer to   Reference Manual “Sleep and Hibernation Functions” about resuming from sleep.
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   20 2013/06/12   12:48:22

--- Page 21 ---
21
Useful Information
On-screen Manual
You can access the Reference Manual on the computer screen.

  Reference Manual 
The Reference Manual contains the practical information to help you fully enjoy the computer’s performance.
To access the Reference Manual:
On the Start screen, click the [Manual Selector] tile, and select the Reference Manual.
Double-click [Manual Selector] on the desktop screen, and select the Reference Manual.
l
  Alternatively click   (Start) - [All Programs] - [Panasonic] - [On-Line Manuals] - [Reference Manual].

  Important Tips 
The Important Tips will provide you with the battery information so that you can use the battery pack in the optimum 
condition to obtain longer operation time.
To access the Important Tips:
On the Start screen, click the [Manual Selector] tile, and select the Important Tips.
Double-click [Manual Selector] on the desktop screen, and select the Important Tips.
l
  Alternatively click 
 (Start) - [All Programs] - [Panasonic] - [On-Line Manuals] - [Important Tips].
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   21 2013/06/12   12:48:22

--- Page 22 ---
22
Useful Information
Handling and Maintenance
Operation environment
l
  Place the computer on a at stable surface not subject to shock, vibration, and danger of dropping. Do not place 
the computer upright or turn it over. If the computer is exposed to an extremely strong impact, it may become dam-
aged.
l
  Operating environment
Temperature: Operation : -10 °
C
 to 50 °
C
 {14 °
F
 to 122 °
F
} (IEC60068-2-1, 2)
*1
    Storage : -20 °
C
 to 60 °
C
 {-4 °
F
 to 140 °
F
}
  Humidity:  Operation : 30% to 80% RH (No condensation)
    Storage : 30% to 90% RH (No condensation)

Even within the above temperature/humidity ranges, operation for a long time in extreme environments, smoking 
nearby, or operation in places where oil is used or where there is a lot of dust will result in the product deterioration 
and will shorten the product life.
*1
  Do not expose the skin to this product when using the product in a hot or cold environment. 
(
è
 page 4)
If the computer is wet in temperatures of 0 °
C
 {32 °
F
} or below, freeze damage may occur. Make sure to dry off the computer in 
such temperatures.
l
  Do not place the computer in the following areas, otherwise the computer may be damaged.

 Near electronic equipment. Image distortion or noise may occur.

 In extremely high or low temperature.
l
  As the computer can become hot during operation, keep it away from items that are sensitive to heat.
Handling cautions
This computer is designed to minimize shock to parts such as the LCD and the hard disk drive and equipped with a 
drip-proof keyboard, but no warranty is provided against any trouble caused by shock. Be extremely careful when han-
dling the computer.
l
  When carrying the computer:

 Turn off the computer.

 Remove all external devices, cables, PC Cards and other protruding objects.

 Remove a disc in the CD/DVD drive.

 Do not drop or hit the computer against solid objects.

 Do not leave the display open.

 Do not grip the display part.
l
  Do not put anything (e.g., a piece of paper) between the display and keyboard.
l
  When you board an airplane, take the computer with you and never put it in your checked luggage. When using the 
computer on airplane, follow the airline’s instructions.
l
  When carrying a spare battery, put it in a plastic bag to protect its terminals.
l
  The touch pad is designed to be used by nger tip. Do not place any object on its surface and do not press down 
strongly with sharp-pointed or hard objects that may leave marks (e.g., nails, pencils and ball point pens).
l
  Avoid any harmful substances such as oil from getting into the touch pad. The cursor may not work correctly.
l
  Be careful not to get injured by dropping or getting hit when carrying the computer.
<Only for model with touchscreen>
l
  Use only the included stylus to touch the touchscreen. Do not place any object on its surface and do not press 
down strongly with sharp-pointed or hard objects that may leave marks (e.g., nails, pencils and ball point pens).
l
  Do not use the touchscreen when dust or dirt (e.g., oil) is on the screen. Otherwise foreign particles on the screen/
stylus can scratch the screen surface or obstruct the stylus operation.
l
  Use the stylus only for touching the screen. Using it for any other purpose may damage the stylus and result in 
scratches on the screen.

  When using peripheral devices
Follow these instructions and the Reference Manual to avoid any damage to the devices. Carefully read the instruction 
manuals of the peripheral devices.
l
  Use the peripheral devices conforming to the computer’s specications.
l
  Connect to the connectors in the correct direction.
l
  If it is hard to insert, do not try forcibly but check the connector’s shape, direction, alignment of pins, etc.
l
  If screws are included, fasten them securely.
l
  Remove the cables when you carry the computer. Do not pull the cables forcibly.
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   22 2013/06/12   12:48:22

--- Page 23 ---
23
Useful Information

  Preventing your computer from unauthorized use via wireless LAN/Bluetooth/wireless WAN
<Only for model with wireless LAN/Bluetooth/wireless WAN>
l
  Before using wireless LAN/Bluetooth/wireless WAN, make the appropriate security settings such as data encryp-
tion.

  Battery Recalibration
l
  The battery recalibration may take a long time due to the large battery capacity. This is not a malfunction.

<When performing “Battery Recalibration” after shutting down Windows>

Only for model with CF-VZSU46AU

 Full charge: Approximately 4.5 hours (with Main Battery) / 8 hours (with Main Battery + Second Battery)

 Complete discharge: Approximately 4.0 hours (with Main Battery) / 6.0 hours (with Main Battery + Second Bat-
tery)

Only for model with CF-VZSU72U

 Full charge: Approximately 2.5 hours (with Main Battery) / 6 hours (with Main Battery + Second Battery)

 Complete discharge: Approximately 3 hours (with Main Battery) / 6 hours (with Main Battery + Second Battery)
When performing “Battery Recalibration” without shutting down Windows, it may take more time to charge / discharge.
Maintenance
To clean the LCD panel
If drops of water or other stains get on the surface of the LCD panel, wipe them off immediately. Failure to do so may 
result in staining.
<Only for model with touchscreen>
Use the soft cloth included with the computer. (For further information, refer to “Suggestions About Cleaning the LCD
Surface”. 
è
 
 Reference Manual “Screen Input Operation”)
To clean areas other than the LCD panel
Wipe with a soft dry cloth such as gauze. When using detergent, dip a soft cloth in water-diluted detergent and wring it 
thoroughly. 
  CAUTION 
l
  Do not use benzene, thinner, or rubbing alcohol since it may adversely affect the surface causing discoloration, etc. 
Do not use commercially-available household cleaners and cosmetics, as they may contain components harmful to 
the surface.
l
  Do not apply water or detergent directly to the computer, since liquid may enter inside of the computer and cause 
malfunction or damage.
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   23 2013/06/12   12:48:23

--- Page 24 ---
24
Useful Information
Installing Software
Installing software will return the computer to the default condition. When you install the software, the hard disk data 
will be erased.
Back up important data to other media or an external hard disk before installation.
  CAUTION 
l
  Do not delete the Recovery Partition on the hard disk. The disk space in the partition is not available to store data.
To check the Recovery Partition, perform the following methods.
A
 
Open “Computer”. Right-click [Computer], then click [Manage].
To open “Computer”, proceed as follows on the Start screen.
1. Right-click any empty location on the Start screen.
2. Click [All apps] on the app bar.
3. Click [Computer] under “Windows System”.
Click   (Start) and right-click [Computer], then click [Manage].
l
  A standard user needs to enter an administrator password.
B
  Click [Disk Management].

  Hard Disk Recovery
You can reinstall the OS that was pre-installed at the time of purchase (Windows 8 or Windows 7).
Preparation
l
  Remove all peripherals.
l
  Connect the AC adaptor and do not remove it until installation is complete.
1  Perform “Remove everything and reinstall Windows”.
A
  Display “Charm” and click 
 - [Change PC settings] - [General].
B
  Click [Get Started] under “Remove everything and reinstall Windows”.
C
  Select the option.
l
  Just remove my les
Perform the reinstallation of the Windows in a few moments (Approximately 20 minutes).
l
  Fully clean the drive
By fully cleaning, the deleted les can not be recovered easily and the security level will be increased. 
The processing time will be longer (Approximately 140 minutes).

Follow the on-screen instructions.
After the reinstallation, the computer will restart.
l
  Do not interrupt installation, for example by turning off the computer or pressing 
Ctrl
 + 
Alt
 + 
Del
.
Otherwise installation may become unavailable as Windows may not start up or the data may be corrupted.
2  Perform the “First-time Operation” (
è
 page 18).
  NOTE 
l
  The date and time, and the time zone may not be correct. Be sure to set them correctly.
3  Perform Windows Update.
4  <Only for model with TPM> Clear TPM.
A
  Right-click any empty location on the Start screen, and click [All apps] on the app bar.
B
  Click [Run] under “Windows System” input [tpm.msc] and click [OK].
C
  Click [Clear TPM…] under “Actions” on the right of the “TPM Manager on Local Computer” screen.
D
  Click [Restart] of the “Manage the TPM security hardware” screen.
The computer will restart.
E
  When “TPM conguration change was requested to ...” is displayed, press 
F12
.
The desktop screen appears.
F
  Click the Desktop tile, and when “TPM is ready” appears, click [Close].
1  Turn on the computer, and press 
F2
 or 
Del
 while [Panasonic] boot screen is displayed.
The Setup Utility starts up.
l
  If the [Panasonic] boot screen is not displayed, turn on the computer while holding down 
F2
 or 
Del
.
l
  If the password is requested, enter the Supervisor Password.
2  Write down all of the contents of the Setup Utility and press 
F9
.
At the conrmation message, select [Yes] and press 
Enter
.
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   24 2013/06/12   12:48:23

--- Page 25 ---
25
Useful Information
3  Press 
F10
.
At the conrmation message, select [Yes] and press 
Enter
.
Computer will restart.
4  Press 
F2
 or 
Del
 while [Panasonic] boot screen is displayed.
The Setup Utility starts up.
l
  If the password is requested, enter the Supervisor Password.
5  Select the [Exit] menu, then select [Recovery Partition] and press 
Enter
.
6  Click [Reinstall Windows] and click [Next].
The License Agreement screen appears.
7  Click [Yes, I agree to the provisions above and wish to continue!] and click [Next].
8  Select the settings and click [Next].
l
  [Reinstall Windows to the whole Hard Disk to factory default.]
Select this option when you want to reinstall Windows to the factory default. After reinstallation, you can create 
a new partition. For how to create a new partition, refer to “To change the partition structure” (
è
 page 19).
l
  [Reinstall to the System and OS partitions.]
*1
Select this option when the hard disk has already been divided into several partitions. For how to create a 
new partition, refer to “To change the partition structure” (
è
 
page 19
).
You can keep the partition structure.
*1
 This does not appear if Windows cannot be reinstalled to the partition containing boot les and the area usable by Win-
dows.
9  At the conrmation message, click [OK].
10  Select OS (32bit or 64bit) and click [OK].
11  At the conrmation message, click [OK].
Reinstallation starts according to the instructions on the screen.
l
  Do not interrupt installation, for example by turning off the computer or pressing 
Ctrl
 + 
Alt
 + 
Del
.
Otherwise installation may become unavailable as Windows may not start up or the data may be corrupted.
12  When ending screen is displayed, click [OK] to turn off the computer.
13  Turn on the computer.
l
  If the password is requested, enter the Supervisor Password.
14  Perform the “First-time Operation” (
è
 page 18).
15  Start the Setup Utility and change the settings as necessary.
16  Perform Windows Update.
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   25 2013/06/12   12:48:23

--- Page 26 ---
26
Useful Information
Installing Software

  Using Recovery Disc
Use the Recovery Disc in the following conditions.

  You have forgotten the administrator password.

  Installation is not complete. The recovery partition in the hard disk may be broken.

 
 <Only for Windows 7 downgrade model> To change OS from Windows 7 to Windows 8, or vice versa.
  NOTE 

 
 To change OS from 32 bit to 64 bit, or vice versa, install OS using the recovery partition in the hard disk.
Preparation
l
  Prepare the following items:

  Recovery Disc  (
è
 
 Reference Manual “Recovery Disc Creation Utility”)

  DVD drive
l
  Remove all peripherals.
l
  Connect the AC adaptor and do not remove it until installation is complete.
1  Start the Setup Utility.
A
  Display “Charm” and click 
 - [Change PC settings] - [General].
B
  Click [Restart now] under “Advanced startup”.
C
  Click [Troubleshoot] - [Advanced options] - [UEFI Firmware Settings] - [Restart].
Turn on the computer, and press 
F2
 or 
Del
 while [Panasonic] boot screen is displayed.
l
  If the [Panasonic] boot screen is not displayed, turn on the computer while holding down 
F2
 or 
Del
.
l
  If the password is requested, enter the Supervisor Password.
2  Write down all of the contents of the Setup Utility and press 
F9
.
At the conrmation message, select [Yes] and press 
Enter
.
3  Check the [UEFI Boot] setting of the Setup Utility.
[UEFI Boot] should be set to as follows.
When the recovery disc for Windows 8 is used: [Enabled]
When the recovery disc for Windows 7 is used: [Disabled]
4  Set the Recovery Disc into the DVD drive.
5  Press 
F10
.
At the conrmation message, select [Yes] and press 
Enter
.
Computer will restart.
6  Press 
F2
 or 
Del
 while [Panasonic] boot screen is displayed.
The Setup Utility starts up.
l
  If the password is requested, enter the Supervisor Password.
7  Select the [Exit] menu, then select your DVD drive in [Boot Override].
8  Press 
Enter
.
The computer will restart.
9  Click [Reinstall Windows] and click [Next].
10 
 At the conrmation message, click [YES].
11  At the License Agreement screen, click [Yes, I agree to the provisions above and wish 
to continue!] and click [Next].
12  Select the setting and click [Next].
13  When the recovery disc for Windows 8 is used, click [Next]. 
When the recovery disc for Windows 7 is used, select the setting and click [Next].
l
  [Reinstall Windows to the whole Hard Disk to factory default.]
Select this option when you want to install Windows to the factory default. After installation, you can create a 
new partition. For how to create a new partition, refer to “To change the partition structure”
 (
è
 page 19).
l
  [Reinstall to the System and OS partitions.]
*2
Select this option when the hard disk has already been divided into several partitions. For how to create a 
new partition, refer to “To change the partition structure” (
è
 
page 19
).
You can keep the partition structure.
*2
 
This does not appear if Windows cannot be installed to the recovery partition and the area usable by Windows.
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   26 2013/06/12   12:48:23

--- Page 27 ---
27
Useful Information
14  At the conrmation message, click [YES].
Installation starts according to the instructions on the screen. (It will take approximately 30 - 45 minutes.)
l
  Do not interrupt installation, for example by turning off the computer or pressing 
Ctrl
 + 
Alt
 + 
Del
.
Otherwise installation may become unavailable as Windows may not start up or the data may be corrupted.
15  When ending screen is displayed, remove the Recovery Disc.
Follow the on-screen instructions.
Some models may take approximately 40 minutes.
16  Perform the “First-time Operation” (
è
 page 18).
  NOTE 
l
  The date and time, and the time zone may not be correct. Be sure to set them correctly.
17  Start the Setup Utility and change the settings as necessary.
18  Perform Windows Update.
19 
 <Only for model with TPM> Clear TPM (
è
 page 24).
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   27 2013/06/12   12:48:23

--- Page 28 ---
Troubleshooting
28
Troubleshooting (Basic)
Follow the instructions below when a problem has occurred. There is also an advanced troubleshooting guide in the 
“Reference Manual”. For a software problem, refer to the software’s instruction manual. If the problem persists, contact 
Panasonic Technical Support (
è
 pages 39 - 43). You can also check the computer’s status in the PC Information Viewer 
(
è
 
 Reference Manual “Troubleshooting (Advanced)”).

  Starting Up
Cannot start up.
The power indicator or bat-
tery indicator is not lit.
l
  Connect the AC adaptor.
l
  Insert a fully charged battery.
l
  Remove the battery pack and the AC adaptor, then connect them again. 
l
  If a device is connected to the USB port, disconnect the device, or set [USB Port] or 
[Legacy USB Support] to [Disable] in the [Advanced] menu of the Setup Utility.
l
  If a device is connected to the ExpressCard slot, disconnect the device, or set 
[ExpressCard Slot] to [Disable] in the [Advanced] menu of the Setup Utility.
l
  Press
 
Fn
 
+
 
F8
 
to turn off the concealed mode.
l
  Check the [UEFI Boot] setting of the Setup Utility. [UEFI Boot] should be set to 
 [Enabled] /   [Disabled].
The power is turned on but 
“Warming up the system (up 
to 32 minutes)” appears.
l
  The computer is warming up before start up. Wait for the computer to start up (takes 
up to 32 minutes). If, “Cannot warm up the system” is displayed, the computer failed to 
warm up and will not start. In this case, turn off the computer, leave it in an environment 
of 5 °C {41 °F} or higher temperature for about an hour, and then turn on the power 
again.
After adding or changing 
the RAM module, the power 
is turned on but nothing is 
displayed on the screen.
l
  Turn off the computer and remove the RAM module, then conrm whether the RAM 
module has compliant to specication. When the RAM module has conformed to speci-
cation, install it again.
The computer does not 
enter sleep mode while the 
screen saver is running. (The 
screen stays black.)
l
  Slide and hold the power switch for 4 seconds or longer to shut down the computer forc-
ibly. (Data not saved will be lost.) Then disable the screen saver.
You have forgotten the pass-
word.
l
  Supervisor Password or User Password: Contact Panasonic Technical Support 
(
è
 pages 39 - 43).
l
  Administrator password: 

  If you have a password reset disk, you can reset the administrator password. Set the 
disk and enter any wrong password, then follow the on-screen instructions and set a 
new password.

  If you do not have a password reset disk, reinstall (
è
 page 24) and set up Windows, 
and then set a new password.
“Remove disks or other 
media. Press any key to 
restart” or a similar message 
appears.
l
  A oppy disk is in the drive (optional) and it does not contain system startup information. 
Remove the oppy disk and press any key.
l
  If a device is connected to the USB port, disconnect the device, or set [USB Port] or 
[Legacy USB Support] to [Disabled] in the [Advanced] menu of the Setup Utility.
l
  If a device is connected to the ExpressCard slot, disconnect the device, or set 
[ExpressCard Slot] to [Disabled] in the [Advanced] menu of the Setup Utility.
l
  If the problem persists after removing the disk, it may be a hard disk failure. Contact 
Panasonic Technical Support (
è
 pages 39 - 43).
l
  Set [UEFI Boot] to [Disabled] in the [Boot] menu of the Setup Utility.
Windows startup and opera-
tion is slow.
l
  Press 
F9
 in the Setup Utility (
è
   Reference Manual “Setup Utility”) to return the 
Setup Utility settings (excluding the passwords) to the default values. Start the Setup 
Utility and make the settings again. (Note that the processing speed depends on the ap-
plication software, so this procedure may not make Windows faster.)
l
  If you installed a resident software after purchase, turn off the residence.
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   28 2013/06/12   12:48:23

--- Page 29 ---
Troubleshooting
29

  Starting Up
The date and time are incor-
rect.
l
  Make the correct settings.
A
  Open the Control Panel.


1. Right-click any empty location on the Start screen.

2. Click [All apps] on the app bar.

3. Click [Control Panel] under “Windows System”.


Click 
 (Start) - [Control Panel].
B
  Click [Clock, Language, and Region] - [Date and Time].
l
  If the problem persists, the internal clock battery may need to be replaced. Contact 
Panasonic Technical Support (
è
 pages 39 - 43).
l
  When the computer is connected to LAN, check the date and time of the server.
l
  The 2100 A.D. or later year will not be correctly recognized on this computer.
[Executing Battery Recali-
bration] screen appears.
l
  The Battery Recalibration was cancelled before Windows was shut down last time. To 
start up Windows, turn off the computer by the power switch, and then turn on.
[Enter Password] does not 
appear when resuming from 
sleep/hibernation.
l
  Select [Enabled] in [Password On Resume] in the [Security] menu of the Setup Utility 
(
è
 
 Reference Manual “Setup Utility”).
l
  The Windows password can be used instead of the password set in the Setup Utility.
A
  Open the Control Panel.


1. Right-click any empty location on the Start screen.

2. Click [All apps] on the app bar.

3. Click [Control Panel] under “Windows System”.


Click 
 (Start) - [Control Panel].
B
  Click [User Accounts and Family Safety] - [Add or remove user accounts].
C
  Click [System and Security] - [Power Option] - [Require a password when the com-
puter wakes] and add a check mark for [Require a password].
Cannot resume.
l
  One of the following operations may have been carried out. Slide the power switch turn 
on the computer. Data not saved will be lost.

  In sleep mode, the AC adaptor or battery pack was disconnected, or a peripheral was 
connected or disconnected.

  The power switch was slid for four seconds or longer to forcibly turn off the computer.
l
  An error may occur when the computer automatically enters the sleep or hibernation 
mode while the screensaver is active. In this case, turn off the screensaver or change 
the pattern of the screensaver.
Other startup problems.
l
  Press 
F9
 in the Setup Utility (
è
   Reference Manual “Setup Utility”) to return the 
Setup Utility settings (excluding the passwords) to the default values. Start the Setup 
Utility and make the settings again.
l
  Remove all peripheral devices.
l
  Check to see if there was a disk error.
A
  Remove all peripheral devices including an external display.
B
  Open “Computer”


1. Right-click any empty location on the Start screen.

2. Click [All apps] on the app bar.

3. Click [Computer] under “Windows System”.


Click 
 (Start) - [Computer].
C
  Right-click [Local Disk (C:)], and click [Properties].
D
  Click [Tools] - [Check Now...].

  A standard user needs to enter an administrator password.
E
  Select the option in [Check disk options] and click [Start].
F
  Click [Schedule disk check] and restart the computer.
l
 
Start the computer in Safe Mode and check the error details. When the [Panasonic] boot 
screen disappears
*1
 at startup, press and hold 
F8
 until the Windows Advanced Options 
Menu is displayed. Select the Safe Mode and press 
Enter
.
*1
  When [Password on boot] is set to [Enabled] in the [Security] menu of the Setup Utility, 
[Enter Password] appears after the [Panasonic] boot screen disappears. As soon as you 
enter the password and press 
Enter
, press and hold 
F8
.
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   29 2013/06/12   12:48:23

--- Page 30 ---
Troubleshooting
30

  Entering Password
Even after entering the pass-
word, password input screen 
is displayed again. 
l
  The computer may be in ten-key mode.
If the NumLk indicator   lights, press 
NumLk
 to disable the ten-key mode, and then 
input.
l
  The computer may be in Caps Lock mode.
If the Caps Lock indicator 
 lights, press 
Caps Lock
 to disable the Caps Lock 
mode, and then input.
Cannot log on to Windows. 
(“The user name or pass-
word is incorrect.” is dis-
played.)
l
  The user name (account name) includes the “@” mark.

-  If another user account name exists:
Log on to Windows using another user account name, and delete the account name 
that includes “@”. Then create a new account name.

-  If no other account name exists:
You need to reinstall Windows (
è
 page 24).

  Shutting down
Windows does not shut 
down.
l
  Remove the USB device and the ExpressCard.
l
  Wait 1 or 2 minutes. It is not a malfunction.

  Display
No display.
l
  The external display is selected. Press 
Fn
 + 
F3
 or 
 +
 
P
 to switch the display.
Wait until the display has been switched completely before pressing 
Fn
 + 
F3
 or 
 +
 
P
 again.
l
  When using an external display,

  Check the cable connection.

  Turn on the display.

  Check the settings of external display.
l
  The display is turned off by the power-saving function. To resume, do not press the 
direct selection keys, but press any other key like 
Ctrl
.
l
  The computer entered sleep or hibernation by the power-saving function. To resume, 
slide the power switch.
The screen is dark.
l
  The screen is darker when the AC adaptor is not connected. Press 
Fn
 + 
F2
 and adjust 
the brightness. As you increase the brightness, battery consumption increases.

You can separately set the brightness for when the AC adaptor is connected and when 
not connected.
l
  Press
 
Fn
 
+
 
F8
 
to turn off the concealed mode.
The screen does not be-
come bright even if pressing 
Fn
 + 
F2
.
l
  The brightness is set low to avoid malfunction where surrounding temperature is high. 
Use it in an environment of between -10 °
C
 and 50 °
C
 {14 °
F
 to 122 °
F
}.
The screen is disordered.
l
  Changing the number of display colors and resolution may affect the screen. Restart the 
computer.
l
  Connecting/disconnecting an external display may affect the screen. Restart the com-
puter.
l
  Resuming from sleep or hibernation may affect the screen of the external display.
Restart the computer.
During Simultaneous display, 
one of the screens becomes 
disordered.
l
  When using the Extended Desktop, use the same display colors for the external display 
as those used by the LCD.
l
  Simultaneous display cannot be used until Windows startup is complete (during Setup 
Utility, etc.).
The external display does 
not work normally.
l
  If the external display does not support the power saving function, it may not work nor-
mally when the computer enters the power saving mode. Turn off the external display.
Troubleshooting (Basic)
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   30 2013/06/12   12:48:24

--- Page 31 ---
Troubleshooting
31

  Display
<Only for model with GPS>
The cursor cannot be con-
trolled properly.
l
  Operate the following steps.
A
  Starting the Setrup Utility
 Restart the computer and press 
F2
 or 
Del
 while [Panasonic] boot screen is dis-
played.
B
   Set [GPS] to [Disable] in the sub-menu of [Serial and Parallel Port Settings] in the 
[Advanced] menu of the Setup Utility.
C
   Press
 
F10
 and select [Yes] at the con rmation message, and press 
Enter
.
The computer will restart.
D
   Log on to Windows as an administrator.
E
   

1. 
Right-click any empty location on the Start screen, and click [All apps] on the app bar.
2. 
Click [Run] under “Windows System”, input [c:\util\drivers\gps\GPS.reg] and click [OK].
Click   (Start) and input “c:\util\drivers\gps\GPS.reg” in [Search programs and 
 les], and 
press 
Enter
.
F
   Click [Yes], click [Yes], and click [OK]. 
Then restart the computer.
G
   Press 
F2
 while [Panasonic] boot screen is displayed.
H
   Set [GPS] to [Enable] in the sub-menu of [Serial and Parallel Port Settings] in the 
[Advanced] menu.
I
   Press 
F10
 and select [Yes] at the con rmation message, and press 
Enter
.

  Touch Pad / Touchscreen (only for model with touchscreen)
The cursor does not work.
l
  When using the external mouse, connect it correctly.
l
  Restart the computer using the keyboard. 
l
  If the computer does not respond to keyboard commands, read “No response”
(
è
 page 32).
Cannot input using the touch 
pad.
l
  Set [Touch Pad] to [Enabled] in the [Main] menu of the Setup Utility.
l
  The drivers for some mice may disable the touch pad. Check your mouse’s operating 
instructions.
<Only for model with touch 
screen>
Cannot input using the 
touchscreen.
l
  Set [Touchscreen Mode] to [Auto] or [Tablet] in the [Main] menu of the Setup Utility.
l
  Set [Touchscreen] to [Enabled] in the [Advanced] menu of the Setup Utility.
Cannot point the correct posi-
tion using the included stylus.
l
  Perform the touchscreen calibration (
è
 
 Reference Manual “Screen Input Opera-
tion”).
<Only for model with touch-
screen>
“Charm” does not always ap-
pear.
l
  Flick toward the center of the screen from the right edge.
l
  Use the included pen.

  On-screen Document
The document of PDF for-
mat is not displayed.
l
  Install Adobe Reader.
A
  Log on to Windows as an administrator.
B
 
Click 
 (Start) and input “c:\util\reader\en\Pinstall.bat” in [Search programs and 
 les] then press
 
Enter
.
C
  Update Adobe Reader to its latest version.
If your computer is connected to the internet, start up Adobe Reader and click [Help] 
- [Check for Updates...].
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   31 2013/06/12   12:48:25

--- Page 32 ---
Troubleshooting
32

  Others
No response.
l
  Press 
Ctrl
+
Shift
+
Esc
 to open Task Manager and close the software application 
that is not responding.
l
  An input screen (e.g., password input screen at startup) may be hidden behind another 
window. Press 
Alt
+
Tab
 to check.
l
  Slide the power switch for 4 seconds or longer to shut down the computer, and then 
slide the power switch to turn it on. If the application program does not work normally, 
uninstall and reinstall the program. To uninstall, 
A
  Open the Control Panel.


1. Right-click any empty location on the Start screen.

2. Click [All apps] on the app bar.

3. Click [Control Panel] under “Windows System”.


Click 
 (Start) - [Control Panel].
B
  Click [Program] - [Uninstall a program].
The recovery disc for  
Windows 8 is not functioning.
l
  Perform recovery using the recovery disc for Windows 7 rst, and then perform recovery 
using the recovery disc for Windows 8.
Troubleshooting (Basic)
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   32 2013/06/12   12:48:25

--- Page 33 ---
33
Appendix
LIMITED USE LICENSE AGREEMENT
THE SOFTWARE PROGRAM(S) (“PROGRAMS”) FURNISHED WITH THIS PANASONIC PRODUCT (“PRODUCT”) 
ARE LICENSED ONLY TO THE END-USER (“YOU”), AND MAY BE USED BY YOU ONLY IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THE LICENSE TERMS DESCRIBED BELOW. YOUR USE OF THE PROGRAMS SHALL BE CONCLUSIVELY 
DEEMED TO CONSTITUTE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE.
Panasonic Corporation has developed or otherwise obtained the Programs and hereby licenses their use to you. You 
assume sole responsibility for the selection of the Product (including the associated Programs) to achieve your intend-
ed results, and for the installation, use and results obtained therefrom.
LICENSE
A.  Panasonic Corporation hereby grants you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive right and license to use 
the Programs in accordance with the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement. You acknowledge that you are 
receiving only a LIMITED LICENSE TO USE the Programs and related documentation and that you shall obtain 
no title, ownership nor any other rights in or to the Programs and related documentation nor in or to the algorithms, 
concepts, designs and ideas represented by or incorporated in the Programs and related documentation, all of 
which title, ownership and rights shall remain with Panasonic Corporation or its suppliers.
B.  You may use the Programs only on the single Product which was accompanied by the Programs.
C.  You and your employees and agents are required to protect the condentiality of the Programs. You may not distrib-
ute or otherwise make the Programs or related documentation available to any third party, by time-sharing or other-
wise, without the prior written consent of Panasonic Corporation.
D.  You may not copy or reproduce, or permit to be copied or reproduced, the Programs or related documentation for 
any purpose, except that you may make one (1) copy of the Programs for backup purposes only in support of your 
use of the Programs on the single Product which was accompanied by the Programs. You shall not modify, or at-
tempt to modify, the Programs.
E.  You may transfer the Programs and license them to another party only in connection with your transfer of the single 
Product which was accompanied by the Programs to such other party. At the time of such a transfer, you must also 
transfer all copies, whether in printed or machine readable form, of every Program, and the related documentation, 
to the same party or destroy any such copies not so transferred.
F.  You may not remove any copyright, trademark or other notice or product identication from the Programs and you 
must reproduce and include any such notice or product identication on any copy of any Program.
YOU MAY NOT REVERSE ASSEMBLE, REVERSE COMPILE, OR MECHANICALLY OR ELECTRONICALLY TRACE 
THE PROGRAMS, OR ANY COPY THEREOF, IN WHOLE OR IN PART.
YOU MAY NOT USE, COPY, MODIFY, ALTER, OR TRANSFER THE PROGRAMS OR ANY COPY THEREOF, IN 
WHOLE OR IN PART, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THE LICENSE.
IF YOU TRANSFER POSSESSION OF ANY COPY OF ANY PROGRAM TO ANOTHER PARTY, EXCEPT AS PER-
MITTED IN PARAGRAPH E ABOVE, YOUR LICENSE IS AUTOMATICALLY TERMINATED.
TERM
This license is effective only for so long as you own or lease the Product, unless earlier terminated. You may termi-
nate this license at any time by destroying, at your expense, the Programs and related documentation together with 
all copies thereof in any form. This license will also terminate effective immediately upon occurrence of the conditions 
thereof set forth elsewhere in this Agreement, or if you fail to comply with any term or condition contained herein. Upon 
any such termination, you agree to destroy, at your expense, the Programs and related documentation together with all 
copies thereof in any form.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT, UNDERSTAND IT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND 
BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS. YOU FURTHER AGREE THAT IT IS THE COMPLETE AND EXCLUSIVE STATE-
MENT OF THE AGREEMENT BETWEEN US, WHICH SUPERSEDES ANY PROPOSAL OR PRIOR AGREEMENT, 
ORAL OR WRITTEN, AND ANY OTHER COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN US, RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MAT-
TER OF THIS AGREEMENT.
GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS.
The Software is provided with “RESTRICTED RIGHTS.” Use duplication or disclosure by the government is subject 
to restrictions as set forth in FAR52.227-14 and DFAR252. 227-7013 et seq. or their successors.
Use of the Software by the government constitutes acknowledgement of Intel’s proprietary rights therein.
Contractor or Manufacturer is Intel Corporation, 2200 Mission College Blvd., Santa Clara, CA 95052.
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   33 2013/06/12   12:48:25

--- Page 34 ---
34
Appendix
Contrat de licence d’usage limité
Le(s) logiciel(s) (les “Logiciels”) fournis avec ce produit Panasonic (le “Produit”) sont exclusivement concédés en 
licence à l’utilisateur ultime (“vous”), et ils ne peuvent être utilisés que conformément aux clauses contractuelles cides-
sous. En utilisant les logiciels, vous vous engagez de manière dénitive à respecter les termes, clauses et conditions 
des présentes.
Panasonic Corporation a mis au point ou obtenu les Logiciels et vous en concède l’utilisation par les présentes. Vous 
assumez l’entière responsabilité du choix de ce Produit (y compris des Logiciels associés) pour obtenir les résultats 
escomptés, ainsi que de l’installation, de l’utilisation et des résultats obtenus.
Licence
A.  Panasonic Corporation vous octroie par les présentes le droit et la licence personnels, non cessibles et non exclu-
sifs d’utiliser les Logiciels conformément aux termes, clauses et conditions de ce contrat. Vous reconnaissez ne 
recevoir qu’un droit limité d’utiliser les Logiciels et la documentation les accompagnant et vous vous engagez à n’
obtenir aucun droit de titre, propriété ni aucun autre droit vis-à-vis des Logiciels et de la documentation les accom-
pagnant ni vis-à-vis des algorithmes, concepts, dessins, congurations et idées représentés par ou incorporés dans 
les Logiciels et la documentation les accompagnant, dont les titres, propriété et droits resteront tous à Panasonic 
Corporation ou à leurs propriétaires.
B.  Vous ne pouvez utiliser les Logiciels que sur le Produit unique qui est accompagné par les Logiciels.
C.  Vous et vos employés ou agents êtes requis de protéger la condentialité des Logiciels. Vous ne pouvez ni dis-
tribuer ni mettre les Logiciels et la documentation les accompagnant à la disposition d’un tiers, par partage de 
temps ou de quelque autre manière que ce soit, sans l’autorisation écrite préalable de Panasonic Corporation.
D.  Vous ne pouvez ni copier ni reproduire ni permettre la copie ni la reproduction des Logiciels ni de la documenta-
tion les accompagnant pour quelque n que ce soit, à l’exception d’une (1) copie des Logiciels à des ns de sau-
vegarde uniquement pour soutenir votre utilisation des Logiciels sur le Produit unique qui est accompagné par les 
Logiciels. Vous ne pouvez ni modier ni tenter de modier les Logiciels.
E.  Vous ne pouvez céder les Logiciels et en octroyer la licence à une autre partie qu’en rapport avec votre cession du 
Produit unique qui est accompagné par les Logiciels à cette autre partie. Au moment de cette cession, vous devez 
céder également toutes les copies, que ce soit sous forme imprimée ou lisible par la machine, de tous les Logiciels 
ainsi que de la documentation les accompagnant, à la même partie ou détruire les copies non cédées.
F.  Vous ne pouvez retirer aucune marque de droits d’auteur, marque de commerce ou autre ni aucune identication 
de produit des Logiciels et vous devez reproduire et inclure toutes ces notices ou identications de produit sur 
toutes les copies des Logiciels.
Vous ne pouvez assembler en sens inverse, compiler en sens inverse ni retracer les Logiciels ni aucune de leurs cop-
ies, de façon électronique ou mécanique, en tout ou en partie.
Vous ne pouvez utiliser, copier, modier, altérer ni céder les Logiciels ni aucune de leurs copies, en tout ou en partie, à 
l’exception de ce qui est expressément stipulé dans ce contrat.
Si vous cédez la possession de toute copie ou de tout Logiciel à une autre partie, à l’exception de ce qui est autorisé 
au paragraphe E ci-dessus, votre licence est automatiquement résiliée.
Termes, clauses et conditions
Cette licence n’est effective que pour la durée de possession ou de crédit-bail du Produit, à moins d’une résiliation an-
térieure. Vous pouvez résilier cette licence à tout moment en détruisant, à vos frais, les Logiciels et la documentation 
les accompagnant avec toutes leurs copies, sous quelque forme que ce soit. Cette licence sera également résiliée, 
avec application immédiate, si les conditions de résiliation dénies ailleurs dans ce contrat se sont réalisées ou si vous 
ne respectez pas les termes, clauses et conditions qui y sont contenues. Au moment de la résiliation, vous acceptez 
de détruire, à vos frais, les Logiciels et la documentation les accompagnant avec toutes leurs copies, sous quelque 
forme que ce soit.
Vous reconnaissez avoir lu ce contrat, en avoir compris toute la substance et avoir accepté de respecter ses termes, 
clauses et conditions. Vous reconnaissez en outre qu’ils sont la description complète et exclusive du contrat conclu 
entre nous, contrat qui remplace et annule toute proposition ou contrat précédent, écrit ou oral, et toute autre commu-
nication entre nous, relativement à l’objet du présent contrat.
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   34 2013/06/12   12:48:25

--- Page 35 ---
35
Appendix
Specications
This page provides the specications for the basic model.  
The model number is different according to the unit conguration.
l
  To check the model number:
Check the bottom of the computer or the box the computer came in at the time of purchase.
l
  To check CPU speed, memory size and the hard disk drive (HDD) size:
Run the Setup Utility (
è
 
 Reference Manual “Setup Utility”) and select [Information] menu.
[Processor Speed]: CPU speed, [Memory Size]: Memory size, [Hard Disk]: Hard disk drive size

  Main Specications
Model No. CF-31XFLAXBM  CF-31WFLAXBM CF-31YFAAXBM
CPU/Secondary cache memory Intel
®
 Core™ i5-3380M Pro-
cessor (3 
MB
*1
 cache, up to 
3.6 
GHz
) with Intel
®
 Turbo 
Boost Technology
Intel
®
 Core™ i5-3340M Pro-
cessor (3 
MB
*1
 cache, up to 
3.4 
GHz
) with Intel
®
 Turbo 
Boost Technology
Intel
®
 Core™ i3-3120M Pro-
cessor (3 
MB
*1
 cache, up to 
2.5 
GHz
) with Intel
®
 Turbo 
Boost Technology
Chip Set Mobile Intel
®
 7 QM77 Express Chipset Mobile Intel
®
 HM75 Express 
Chipset
Video controller AMD Radeon™ HD 
7750M+Built in Chip Set
Built-in Chip Set
Main Memory
*2
4 
GB
*1
, DDR3 SDRAM (16 
GB
*1
 Max.) 2 
GB
*1
, DDR3L SDRAM (6 
GB
*1
 
Max.)
Video Memory
*3
 UMA 2247 
MB
*1
 
Max.
 UMA <32-bit> 
1781 
MB
*1
 Max., <64-bit> 
2279 
MB
 Max.
 UMA 1664 
MB
*1
 
Max. 
 UMA <32-bit> 
1416 
MB
*1
 Max., <64-bit> 
1696 
MB
 Max.
 UMA 739 
MB
*1
 
Max. 
 UMA <32-bit> 
768 
MB
*1
 Max., <64-bit> 
771 
MB
 Max.
512 
MB
 dedicated -
Hard Disk Drive 500 
GB
*4
320 
GB
*4
 
Approx. 14 
GB
*4
 is used as a partition with HDD recovery tools. (Users cannot use this parti-
tion.)
Approx. 1 
GB
*4
 is used as a partition with system tools. (Users cannot use this partition.)
Approx. 25 
GB
*4
 is used as a partition with HDD recovery tools. (Users cannot use this parti-
tion.) 
Approx. 300 
MB
*4
 is used as a partition with system tools. (Users cannot use this partition.)
Display Method 13.1 XGA type (TFT) (1024 × 768 dots)
Internal LCD 65,536 / 16,777,216 colors (800 × 600 dots / 1024 × 768 dots)
*5
External Display
*6
65,536 / 16,777,216 colors (800 × 600 dots / 1024 × 768 dots / 1280 x 768 dots /  
1280 × 1024 dots)
Wireless LAN
*7
Intel
®
 Centrino
®
 Advanced-N 6235 (a/b/g/n) (
è
 page 37)
Bluetooth
*8
è
 page 37
Wireless WAN
*9
Sierra Wireless™ High-speed module
GPS
*10
Chip: SiRF starIII
Accuracy: 10 
m
 (2DRMS), 5 
m
 (2RDMS, SBAS)
Protocol message: GGA, GSA, GSV, RMC, VTG"
LAN IEEE 802.3 10Base-T / IEEE 802.3u 100BASE-TX /  
IEEE 802.3ab 1000BASE-T
(2nd LAN
*11
: IEEE 802.3 10BASE-T, IEEE 802.3u 
100BASE-TX)
IEEE 802.3 10BASE-T,
IEEE 802.3u 100BASE-TX,
IEEE 802.3ab 1000BASE-T
Modem
*12
Data: 56 
kbps
 (V.92) FAX: 14.4 
kbps
Sound WAVE and MIDI playback, Intel
®
 High Denition Audio subsystem support
Security Chip TPM (TCG V1.2 compliant)
*13
-
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   35 2013/06/12   12:48:25

--- Page 36 ---
36
Appendix

  Main Specications
Model No. CF-31XFLAXBM  CF-31WFLAXBM CF-31YFAAXBM
Card Slots PC Card Slot × 1, Type I or Type II, Allowable current 3.3 
V
: 400 
mA
, 5 
V
: 400 
mA
ExpressCard 
Slot
*14
× 1, ExpressCard/34 or ExpressCard/54
SD Memory Card 
Slot
*15
× 1
Contact Smart 
Card Slot
*16
× 1
RAM Module Slot × 1, DDR3L SDRAM, 204-pin, 1.35 
V
, SO-DIMM, PC3L-10600 Compliant
Interface USB Ports x 4
*17
 (USB 2.0 × 3 + USB 3.0 × 1)
*18
 (USB 2.0 × 4)
*19
/ Serial Port (Dsub 9-pin male) 
/ Modem Port (RJ-11)
*12
 / LAN Port (RJ-45) × 1
*20
 or 2
*11
 / VGA Port (Mini Dsub 15-pin female) 
/ HDMI Port (Type A)
*21
 / IEEE1394a Interface Connector (4-pin)
*22
 / Microphone Jack (Minia-
ture jack, 3.5 DIA) / Headphone Jack (Miniature jack, 3.5 DIA, Impedance 32 
Ω
, Output Power 
4 
mW
 × 2, Stereo) / Expansion Bus Connector (Dedicated 100-pin female)
Keyboard / Pointing Device 87 keys / Touch Pad / Touchscreen
*23
Fingerprint Reader
*24
Array Size : 192 × 4 pixels, Image Size : 192 × 512 pixels, Image Resolution : 508 DPI
Camera
*25
1280 × 720 dots, 30 fps (Video), Monaural Microphone -
Power Supply AC adaptor or Battery pack
AC Adaptor
*26
Input: 100 
V
 - 240 
V
 AC, 50 
Hz
/60 
Hz
, Output: 15.6 
V
 DC, 7.05 
A
Battery Pack <CF-VZSU46AU>
Li-ion 10.65 
V
, Typical 8550 
mAh
 / Minimum 8100 
mAh
<CF-VZSU72U>
Li-ion 10.8 
V
,
Typical 4500 
mAh
 / 
Minimum 4200 
mAh
Operating Time
*27
Main Battery : Approx. 12.0 
hours
Main Battery : Approx. 14.5 
hours
Main Battery + Second Bat-
tery
*28
 : Approx. 21.0 hours
Main Battery : Approx. 8.0 
hours
Main Battery + Second Bat-
tery
*28
 : Approx. 14.5 hours
Charging 
Time
*29
Power on Main Battery : Approx. 4.5 
hours
Main Battery : Approx. 4.5 
hours 
Main Battery + Second Bat-
tery
*28
 : Approx. 8.0 hours
Main Battery : Approx. 2.5 
hours
Main Battery + Second Bat-
tery
*28
 : Approx. 6.0 hours
Power off Main Battery : Approx. 3.5 
hours
Main Battery : Approx. 3.5 
hours 
Main Battery + Second Bat-
tery
*28
 : Approx. 7.0 hours
Main Battery : Approx. 2.0 
hours
Main Battery + Second Bat-
tery
*28
 : Approx. 5.5 hours
Power Consumption
*30
Approx. 55 
W
*31
/ Approx. 100 
W
 (maximum when recharging 
in the ON state)
Approx. 45 
W
*31
/ Approx. 100 
W
 (maximum when recharging in 
the ON state)
Physical Dimensions (W × D × H) 
(including the carrying handle)
302 
mm
 × 292 
mm
 × 73.5 
mm
 {11.9" × 11.5" × 2.9 "}
Weight (including the hand strap) Approx. 3.72 
kg
 {Approx. 8.2 
lb
.}
Environment
Operating Temperature -10 
°C
 to 50 
°C
 {14 
°F
 to 122 
°F
} (IEC60068-2-1, 2)
*32
Humidity 30 
%
 to 80 
%
 RH (No condensation)
Storage Temperature -20 
°C
 to 60 
°C
 {-4 
°F
 to 140 
°F
}
Humidity 30 
%
 to 90 
%
 RH (No condensation)

  Software
Base OS Windows
®
 8 Pro 64-bit Windows7
®
 Professional 32-bit Service Pack 1 
/ Windows7
®
 Professional 64-bit Service Pack 
1
Installed OS
*33
Windows
®
 8 Pro 64-bit
Windows7
®
 Professional 32-bit Service Pack 
1 (downgraded to Windows
®
 7)
*34
 / Windows7
®
 
Professional 64-bit Service Pack 1 (downgrad-
ed to Windows
®
 7)
*34
Windows7
®
 Professional 32-bit Service Pack 1 
/ Windows7
®
 Professional 64-bit Service Pack 
1
Specications
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   36 2013/06/12   12:48:26

--- Page 37 ---
37
Appendix
Pre-installed Software Adobe Reader, PC Information Viewer, Intel
®
 PROSet/Wireless Software
*7
, Bluetooth
®
 Stack for 
Windows
®
 by TOSHIBA
*8
, Hotkey Settings, Battery Recalibration Utility, Inneon TPM Profes-
sional Package
*13 *35
, Aptio Setup Utility, PC-Diagnostic Utility, Display Selector, Hard Disk Data 
Erase Utility
*36
, Recovery Disc Creation Utility, Dashboard for Panasonic PC, Power Plan Exten-
sion Utility, Camera Utility
*25
, GPS Viewer
*10
, Manual Selector, Video switch Utility, External 
Antenna Setting Utility, Wireless Antenna switch Utility, Fan Monitoring Utility, Microsoft Ofce 
Trial
*37
Wireless Manager Mobile Edition 6.0
*35 *38
, Wireless Toolbox, Camera for Panasonic PC
Wireless Switch Utility, Wireless Connection Disable Utility
*7 *9 *35
, Wireless Manager Mobile Edi-
tion 5.5f
*35 *38
, Quick Boot Manager, Protector Suite 2011
*24 *35

  Wireless LAN
Data Transfer Rates IEEE802.11a : 54/48/36/24/18/12/9/6 
Mbps
 (automatically switched)
*39
IEEE802.11b : 11/5.5/2/1 
Mbps
 (automatically switched)
*39
IEEE802.11g : 54/48/36/24/18/12/9/6 
Mbps
 (automatically switched)
*39
IEEE802.11n
*40
 :  (HT20) GI
*41
 =  400ns: 150/130/115/86/72/65/57/43/39/28/21/14/7 
Mbps
 (auto-
matically switched)
*39
    GI
*41
 =  800ns: 130/117/104/78/65/58/52/39/26/19/13/6 
Mbps
 (automati-
cally switched)
*39
  (HT40) GI
*41
 =  400ns: 300/270/240/180/150/135/120/90/60/38/30/15 
Mbps
 
(automatically switched)
*39
    GI
*41
 =   800ns: 270/243/216/162/135/121/108/81/54/40/27/13 
Mbps
 
(automatically switched)
*39
Standard Supported IEEE802.11a / IEEE802.11b / IEEE802.11g / IEEE802.11n
Transmission Method OFDM system, DS-SS system
Wireless Channels Used IEEE802.11a :  Channels 36/40/44/48/52/56/60/64/100/104/108/112/116/132/136/140/149/153/ 
157/161/165
IEEE802.11b/IEEE802.11g : Channels 1 to 11
IEEE802.11n :  Channels 1-11/36/40/44/48/52/56/60/64/100/104/108/112/116/132/136/140/149/
153/157/161/165
RF Frequency Band IEEE802.11a : 5.18 
GHz
 - 5.32 
GHz
, 5.5 
GHz
 - 5.7 
GHz
, 5.745 
GHz
 -  5.825 
GHz
IEEE802.11b/IEEE802.11g : 2.412 
GHz
 - 2.462 
GHz
IEEE802.11n :  2.412 
GHz
 - 2.472 
GHz
, 5.15 
GHz
 - 5.35 
GHz
, 5.5 
GHz
 - 5.7 
GHz
, 
5.745 
GHz
 - 5.825 
GHz

  Bluetooth
®
 
*8
Bluetooth Version 4.0 
Classic mode / Low Energy mode
Transmission Method FHSS system
Wireless Channels Used Channel 1 to 79 / Channel 0 to 39
RF Frequency Band 2.402 
GHz
 - 2.48 
GHz
*1 
1 
MB
 = 1,048,576 bytes / 1 
GB
 = 1,073,741,824 bytes
*2 
Memory size of the factory default depends on the model. You can physically expand the memory up to 8 
GB
, but the total 
amount of usable memory available will be less depending on the actual system conguration.
*3 
A segment of the main memory is allotted automatically depending on the computer’s operating status. The size of the Video 
Memory cannot be set by the user. The size of Video memory is allotted depending on the operating system.
*4 
1 
MB
 = 1,000,000 bytes / 1 
GB
 = 1,000,000,000 bytes. Your operating system or some application software will report as fewer 
GB
.
*5 
A 16,777,216 color display is achieved by using the dithering function.
*6 
Display may be impossible using some connected external displays.
*7 
Only for model with wireless LAN.
*8 
Only for model with Bluetooth.
*9 
Only for model with wireless WAN. The specications may differ depending on the model.
*10 
Only for model with GPS.
*11 
Only for model with 2nd LAN.
*12 
Only for model with modem.
*13 
Only for model with TPM.
For information on TPM, refer to the Installation Manual of “Trusted Platform Module (TPM)” by the following procedure.  
On the Start screen, click the [Manual Selector] tile, and select “Installation Manual for Trusted Platform Module (TPM)”.
Double-click [Manual Selector] on the desktop, and select “Installation Manual for Trusted Platform Module (TPM)”.
*14 
Only for model with ExpressCard slot.
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   37 2013/06/12   12:48:26

--- Page 38 ---
38
Appendix
*15 
This slot is compatible with High-Speed Mode. Operation has been tested and conrmed using Panasonic SD/SDHC/SDXC 
Memory Cards with a capacity of up to 64 
GB
. Operation on other SD equipment is not guaranteed.
*16 
Only for model with Smart Card slot.
*17 
Does not guarantee operation of all USB-compatible peripherals.
*18 
Only for model with i5 processor
*19 
Only for model with i3 processor
*20 
Only for model without 2nd LAN.
*21 
Does not guarantee operation of all HDMI-compatible peripherals.
*22 
Only for model with IEEE 1394a interface.
*23 
Only for model with Touchscreen.
*24 
Only for model with Fingerprint reader.
*25 
Only for model with Camera. The specications may differ depending on the model.
*26 
<Only for North America>
The AC adaptor is compatible with power sources up to 240 
V
 AC adaptor. This computer is supplied with a 125 
V
 AC compat-
ible AC cord.   
20-M-2-1
*27 
Measured with LCD brightness : 60 
cd/m
2
 
Varies depending on the usage conditions, or when an optional device is attached.
*28 
Only for model with Second Battery.
*29 
Varies depending on the usage conditions, CPU speed, etc.
*30 
Approx. 0.5 
W
 when the battery pack is fully charged (or not being charged) and the computer is off.
<When using with 115 
V
 AC>
Even when the AC adaptor is not connected to the computer, power is consumed (Max. 0.2 
W
) simply by having the AC adaptor 
plugged into an AC outlet.
*31 
Rated power consumption.    
23-E-1
*32 
Do not expose the skin to this product when using the product in a hot or cold environment. (
è
 page 4) 
When using in hot or cold environment, some peripherals may fail to work properly. Check the operation environment of the 
peripherals.
Using this product continuously in a hot environment will shorten the product life. Avoid use in these types of environments. 
When using in low temperature environment, startup may become slow or battery operation time may become short. 
The computer consumes power when the hard disk is warming up during startup. Therefore, if you are using battery power and 
the remaining power is low, the computer may not start up.
*33 
Operations of this computer are not guaranteed except for the pre-installed OS and the OS which is installed by using the Re-
covery disc provided by Panasonic. Some parts of the software in the Recovery disc may not be installed depending on a model.
*34 
This system is preinstalled with Windows
®
 7 Professional software and also comes with a license for Windows 8 Pro software. 
You may only use one version of the Windows software at a time. Switching between versions will require you to uninstall one 
version and install the other version.
*35 
Must be installed before use.
*36 
Perform on the recovery disc.  
Alternatively perform on the hard disk recovery partition.
*37 
To continue using this software after the end of the trial, purchase a license by following the on-screen instructions.
*38 
For information on Wireless Manager, refer to the “Supplementary Instructions for Wireless Manager mobile edition” by the fol-
lowing procedure.  
A
 Right-click any empty location on the Start screen and click [All apps] on the app bar.
B
 Click [Run] under “Windows System”, input “c:\util\wlprjct\Supplementary Instructions.pdf” then click [OK].
Click   (Start) and input “c:\util\wlprjct\Supplementary Instructions.pdf” in [Search programs and les] and press 
Enter
.
*39 
These are speeds specied in IEEE802.11a+b+g+n standards. Actual speeds may differ.
*40 
Available when set to “WPA-PSK”, “WPA2-PSK” or “none”.
*41 
Only available when HT40 enabled by the computer.
Specications
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   38 2013/06/12   12:48:26

--- Page 39 ---
39
Appendix
LIMITED WARRANTY
For U.S.A.
Panasonic System Communications Company of North America (PSCNA)
Computer Products - Worldwide Warranties
Section 1: Limited Warranty - Hardware
PSCNA, referred hereafter as “Panasonic” will repair the products listed below with new or rebuilt parts, free of charge in a Global 
Panasonic designated service location for the period specified below from the date of original purchase in the event of a defect in 
materials or workmanship. These warranties are extended solely to the original purchaser. A purchase receipt or other proof of date 
of original purchase will be required before warranty performance is rendered. 
•  Laptop PC (CF-##) – 3 Years
•  Tablet PC (FZ-##) – 3 Years
•  Ultra-Mobile (CF-U#/CF-H# Series) – 3 Years
•  PDRC - LCD & Keyboard Assembly – 3 Years
Battery Warranty
Batteries supplied with the product are covered under the warranty for one (1) year from date of purchase, except as excluded 
in Section 3. Batteries purchased separately are covered under the warranty for one (1) year from the date of purchase. A 
replacement battery furnished under the product warranty is covered for the remaining period of the one year warranty on the 
original or purchased battery.
Optional: Panasonic “Protection Plus” Warranty
Any unit for which the Panasonic “Protection Plus” warranty has been purchased will receive additional coverage for any failure 
that occurs due to accidental damage. All other terms and conditions of the standard warranty apply and this additional coverage 
will exist for the duration of the standard warranty period of the unit. If an extended Protection Plus warranty program is purchased, 
coverage is extended to the end of the last year of extended coverage purchased.
This warranty does not cover failures or defects that are caused by fire, intentional acts, loss, theft, improper maintenance, 
modification or service by anyone other than the Panasonic National Service Center or a Panasonic Authorized Service Provider, 
or damage that is attributable to acts of God. Cosmetic damage that does not affect functionality is not covered. Cosmetic damage 
on units with hardware failures will be repaired in accordance with the warranty terms. This warranty is extended solely to the 
original purchaser on the unit serial number for which it was purchased. Complete unit replacement fulfills the full obligation and is 
at the discretion of Panasonic and is limited to once during the coverage term. Maximum benefit is limited to one replacement per 
coverage year of the Motherboard, LCD, Storage Drive, and Keyboard.
Wireless Module Warranty
Panasonic approved wireless modems installed in Panasonic brand computers and integrated by Panasonic or an Authorized 
Panasonic Wireless Integrator are covered under the warranty for the remaining warranty period of the device in which the modem 
is installed. For devices with less than three (3) months remaining on the unit warranty, the wireless modem will be covered for a 
period of three (3) months from the date of installation of the modem, covering only modem replacement or modem installation 
related issues.
All modems must be approved by the wireless carrier prior to use. Any use or attempted use of a wireless modem not approved 
and activated by the carrier for use on their network is strictly prohibited and is not sanctioned or warranted by Panasonic and 
may result in legal action. In addition, all modems must be approved by Panasonic as compatible with the device hardware before 
installation or use.  
Panasonic’s sole responsibility for the warranty or technical support of the software required to install or operate the modem is 
defined in Section 2 (Limited Software Warranty). Any attempted software installation by anyone other than a Panasonic Authorized 
Wireless Integrator is not covered under warranty and may result in service charges to re-image or replace the hard drive.
Installation or attempted installation by any party other than Panasonic or an Authorized Panasonic Wireless Integrator is strictly not 
covered under the warranty and may void the computer warranty if damage results. 
Options and Accessories Warranties
The below listed Panasonic brand or supplied options and accessories are covered under this limited warranty for the period 
specified from the date of purchase or as specifically stated:
•  AC Adaptor / Power Cord – 3 Years
•  Memory Expansion Card (Panasonic Brand) – 3 Years 
•  Car Mount - Docking Station PCB or Vehicle Docking Station – 3 Years
•  Desktop Port Replicator, I-O Box, Docking Cradle (like CF-U1) – 3 Years
•  Antenna Pass-through Cable – 3 Years
•  Backlit or Full-sized keyboard - 3 Years or assumes warranty of the unit in which it is installed
•  Integrated Panasonic supplied options and kits including, but not limited to Wireless Modems, Media Bay Drives (Floppy, 
CD, DVD, Combo), Camera, GPS, Bluetooth, Smartcard Reader, Magnetic Card Reader, Barcode Scanner, and Fingerprint 
Reader - 3 Years or assumes warranty period of the unit in which it is installed provided the integration was performed by 
Panasonic or an Authorized Integrator.
•  Hard Drive / Solid State Drive (Internal) - 3 Years
•  Separately purchased 2nd Hard Drive – 1 Year
•  External USB Drives (CD / DVD / Floppy / Hard Drive) – 1 Year
•  Optional Battery – 1 Year
•  Battery Charger / Multi-Bay Battery Charger – 1 Year
•  Stylus Pens, Digitizer & Standard - 90 Days (physical damage excluded)
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   39 2013/06/12   12:48:26

--- Page 40 ---
40
Appendix
Section 2 - Limited Warranty - Software
Panasonic warrants to you only that the disk(s) or other media on which the Programs are furnished will be free from defects in 
material and workmanship under normal use for a period of sixty (60) days from the date of delivery thereof to you, as evidenced by 
your purchase receipt.
This is the only warranty Panasonic makes to you. Panasonic does not warrant that the functions contained in the Programs will 
meet your requirements or that the operation of the Programs will be uninterrupted or error free. Panasonic shall have no obligation 
for any defects in the disk(s) or other media on which the Programs are furnished resulting from your storage thereof, or for defects 
that have been caused by operation of the disk(s) or other media
Panasonic’s entire liability and your exclusive remedy under this warranty shall be limited to the replacement, in the United States 
or other Panasonic designated location, of any defective disk or other media which is returned to Panasonic’s Authorized Service 
Center, together with a copy of the purchase receipt, within the aforesaid warranty period.
Section 3 - Limited Warranty Exclusions - Specifically excluded from the warranty are:
•  All consumable items; such as screen protection films, logo badges, labels, cleaning cloths, carry cases, manuals, cables, 
straps, belts, holsters, tethers, and harnesses and any other options and accessories not listed above or covered under a 
separate warranty.
•  Failures related to the product operating system, hard drive or solid state drive image, software setup, software program, 
virus, other program(s) or file(s) on any drive or in any computer memory location. 
•  Failures due to BIOS settings or changes, as well as any cosmetic or physical damage to the unit. 
•  Any unit or device with a missing or altered model number or serial number label
•  Cosmetic damage or any damage which occurs in shipment
•  Failures which are caused by products not supplied by Panasonic 
•  Failures which result from alteration, accident, misuse, introduction of liquid or other foreign matter into the unit, abuse, 
neglect, installation, maladjustment of consumer controls, improper maintenance or modification, use not in accordance with 
product use instructions 
•  Failures due to service by anyone other than a Panasonic Authorized Service Provider
•  Failures caused by improper installation of options or accessories or due to integration by any company other than Panasonic 
or a Panasonic Authorized Integrator
•  Damage, failure, or loss due to the unit being stolen, lost, misplaced, or used by anyone other than the original purchaser
•  Damage that is attributable to acts of God
This limited warranty only covers failures due to defects in materials or workmanship which occur during normal use. If a unit is 
sent to a Panasonic Authorized Service Center and no hardware failure is found, the customer will be billed for labor to correct a 
software issue or reimage the hard drive plus shipping and applicable administrative fees at the current rates set by the service 
provider.
THIS PRODUCT IS NOT INTENDED FOR USE AS OR PART OF NUCLEAR EQUIPMENT/SYSTEMS, AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL 
EQUIPMENT/SYSTEMS, OR AIRCRAFT COCKPIT EQUIPMENT/SYSTEMS
*1
. PANASONIC WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR 
ANY LIABILITY RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THIS PRODUCT ARISING OUT OF THE FOREGOING USES.
*
1
  AIRCRAFT COCKPIT EQUIPMENT/SYSTEMS include class 2 Electronic Flight Bag (EFB) Systems and Class 1 EFB Systems 
when used during critical phases of flight (e.g., during take-off and landing) and/or mounted onto the aircraft. Class 1 EFB 
Systems and 2 EFB Systems are defined by FAA: AC (Advisory Circular) 120-76A or JAA: JAA TGL (Temporary Guidance 
Leaflets) No. 36.
Other Limits and Exclusions: There are no other express warranties except as listed above.
PANASONIC SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR LOSS OF DATA OR OTHER INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES 
RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THIS PRODUCT, OR ARISING OUT OF ANY BREACH OF THIS WARRANTY. ALL EXPRESS 
AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE ARE LIMITED TO THE APPLICABLE WARRANTY PERIOD SET FORTH ABOVE. Some states do not allow the 
exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, or limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above 
limitations or exclusions may not apply to you.
This limited warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state. 
For technical support or to arrange for service on your Panasonic computer product, call our toll-free hotline at 1-855-PSC-TECH 
(855-772-8324).
DIAL TOLL FREE: 1-855-PSC-TECH  (855-772-8324)
Web Site : www.panasonic.com/toughbook
LIMITED WARRANTY
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   40 2013/06/12   12:48:26

--- Page 41 ---
41
Appendix
For Canada
PANASONIC COMPUTER AND PERIPHERALS LIMITED WARRANTY
Coverage – Panasonic Canada Inc. (“PCI”) warrants to you, the rst end user customer, this computer product (excluding software 
media), when purchased from PCI or from a PCI authorized reseller, to be free from defects in materials and workmanship under 
normal use, subject to the terms set forth below, during the period of warranty coverage specied.
Scope of Coverage Period of Coverage Type of Failure Coverage
•
  Laptop Computers (except Battery) and AC Adaptor
•
  Factory/PCI installed options including Wireless WAN, GPS, 
Bluetooth, Finger print reader, Backlit keyboard, Memory Card 
and Media Bay Drives (Floppy, CD/DVD)
•
  Mobile Wireless Display 
•
  PDRC – LCD and Keyboard Assemblies
•
  Port Replicator
Three (3) Years from Date of 
Original End User Customer 
Purchase
Defective Materials or Work-
manship
•
  Hand-held Computers
•
  Battery
•
  Battery charger
•
  Auto Adaptor
•
  External USB Drives
One (1) Year from Date of 
Original End User Customer 
Purchase
Defective Materials or Work-
manship
•
  Stylus Ninety (90) Days from Date of 
Original End User Customer 
Purchase
Defective Materials or Work-
manship
•
  All consumable items including protection lm, cleaning cloth, 
carry case, tether and harness
No Coverage
Remedy – In the event of a warranty claim, contact PCI’s representatives within the applicable warranty period, identifying the 
nature of the defect claimed, at 1-800-668-8386 between 9:00 A.M. and 5:00 P.M., Eastern Time Zone, Mon. – Fri. (excluding 
holidays) for instructions on how to obtain service. A purchase receipt or other proof of date of original purchase is required before 
warranty service is performed. Defective parts covered by this Limited Warranty will be repaired or replaced with new or comparable 
rebuilt parts on an exchange basis. Warranty replacement or repair is subject to the terms of this Limited Warranty for the balance 
of the original period of warranty coverage.
No Coverage – This Limited Warranty does not cover products purchased outside Canada. Neither does it cover damage to, failure 
of, or defects in a product or accessory through mishandling, improper installation, abnormal use, misuse, neglect, accident, intro-
duction of liquid or other foreign matter into the product, alteration or servicing by anyone not authorized by PCI, or act of God.
THIS PRODUCT IS NOT INTENDED FOR USE AS, OR AS PART OF, NUCLEAR EQUIPMENT/SYSTEMS, AIR TRAFFIC CON-
TROL EQUIPMENT/SYSTEMS, OR AIRCRAFT COCKPIT EQUIPMENT/SYSTEMS
*2
. PANASONIC WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE 
FOR ANY LIABILITY RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THIS PRODUCT ARISING OUT OF THE FOREGOING USES.
*2
  AIRCRAFT COCKPIT EQUIPMENT/SYSTEMS include Class2 Electrical Flight Bag (EFB) Systems and Class1 EFB Systems 
when used during critical phases of ight (e.g., during take-off and landing) and/or mounted on to the aircraft. Class1 EFB Sys-
tems and 2 EFB Systems are dened by FAA: AC (Advisory Circular) 120-76A or JAA: JAA TGL (Temporary Guidance Leaets) 
No.36 
IF YOU SHIP THE PRODUCT FOR WARRANTY SERVICE
Carefully pack the product, preferably in the original carton. Include details of defect claimed and proof of date of original pur-
chase. No liability is assumed for loss or damage to the product while in transit, if you chose your own transportation carrier.
SOFTWARE MEDIA LIMITED WARRANTY
Coverage – PCI warrants to you, the rst end user customer, that the disk(s) or other media on which software program(s) is/are 
supplied will be free from defects in materials and workmanship under normal use in Canada for a period of sixty (60) days from 
date of receipt as evidenced by your purchase receipt for your Panasonic Computer product.
THIS IS THE ONLY WARRANTY THAT PCI MAKES RESPECTING THE SOFTWARE MEDIA. PCI does not warrant the software. 
Please refer to the software licensor’s written warranty (accompanying the copy of the software) for any software warranty claim.
Claim Procedure – In the event of a defect in material or workmanship in the media during the sixty (60) days warranty period, and 
you return it, transportation costs prepaid, to Panasonic Canada Inc., Computer Products Marketing, 5770 Ambler Drive, Mississau-
ga, Ontario L4W 2T3, within the warranty period, together with a copy of your purchase receipt, and an explanation of the suspected 
defect, PCI will replace in Canada the defective disk(s) or other media.
Remedy – PCI’s entire liability, and your only remedy for any breach of this software media warranty is limited to replacement of the 
media only. It does not cover any other damages, including, but not limited to, loss of use or prot loss, or special, indirect or conse-
quential damages, or other claims, whether or not of similar character.
No Coverage – This limited warranty does not apply if the disk(s) or other media has been used in other than a Panasonic product, 
or in environmental conditions other than those specied by PCI or the manufacturer, or if subjected to misuse, neglect, mishan-
dling, modication or attempted modication of the program, or if damaged by accident or act of God. PCI is not responsible for 
damage to or loss of any program, data or removable storage media.
GENERAL
NO OTHER WARRANTIES – PCI DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT 
NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH RE-
SPECT TO THE SOFTWARE, SOFTWARE MEDIA, COMPUTER PRODUCT, OPTIONS AND ACCESSORIES.
NO LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES – IN NO EVENT SHALL PCI BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING FROM ANY BREACH OF THE LIMITED WARRANTIES SET OUT IN THIS DOCUMENT, 
OR FROM THE USE OF THE COMPUTER PRODUCT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF DATA, BUSINESS, PROF-
IT OR GOODWILL.
IN ANY EVENT, PCI’S MAXIMUM LIABILITY FOR ANY BREACH SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU 
FOR THE COMPUTER PRODUCT.
NO ACTION, REGARDLESS OF ITS BASIS, MAY BE BEGUN AGAINST PCI MORE THAN TWO (2) YEARS AFTER THE CAUSE 
OF ACTION AROSE.
Statutory Warranties – Some jurisdictions do not allow these limitations or exclusions, so they may not apply to you.
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   41 2013/06/12   12:48:26

--- Page 42 ---
42
Appendix
LIMITED WARRANTY (GARANTIE LIMITÉE)
Pour le Canada
GARANTIE LIMITÉE – ORDINATEURS ET PÉRIPHÉRIQUES PANASONIC
Couverture – 
Panasonic Canada Inc. (« PCI ») garantit à l’acheteur original que ce produit informatique (à l’exclusion des supports des 
logiciels) est, au moment de sa vente par PCI ou d’un revendeur agréé par PCI, exempt de défauts de pièces et de fabrication dans les 
conditions normales d’utilisation, et ce, pendant la période de couverture de la garantie, sous réserve des modalités décrites ci-dessous.
Éléments couverts Durée de couverture Type de couverture
•
  Ordinateurs blocs-notes (sauf batteries) et adaptateur secteur
•
  Options installées en usine/par PCI incluant : WAN sans l, 
GPS, Bluetooth, lecteur d’empreintes digitales, clavier ré-
troéclairé, carte mémoire et lecteurs (disquettes, CD/DVD)
•
  Écran mobile sans l
•
  Ensembles PDRC – ACL et clavier
•
  Duplicateur de port
Trois (3) ans à partir de la 
date d’achat original.
Défauts de pièces et de fabrica-
tion
•
  Ordinateurs de poche
•
  Batterie
•
  Chargeur de batterie
•
  Adaptateur pour voiture
•
  Périphériques USB
Un (1) an à partir de la date  
d’achat original.
Défauts de pièces et de fabrica-
tion
•
  Stylo pointeur standard ou pour numériseur graphique
Quatre-vingt-dix (90) jours à 
partir de la date d’achat original.
Défauts de pièces et de fabrica-
tion
•
 
Tous les articles consommables incluant les pellicules protectrices, 
chiffons de nettoyage, étuis de transport, longes et sangles
Aucune couverture
Recours – 
Pour obtenir des informations sur la marche à suivre dans le cas où une réclamation en vertu de la garantie deviendrait 
nécessaire, communiquez par téléphone avec un représentant de PCI au 1-800-668-8386, entre 9h00 et 17h00 (heure de l’Est) du lundi 
au vendredi (sauf les jours fériés), avant l’échéance de la garantie applicable, en prenant soin d’identier la nature de la défaillance.  
Un reçu ou toute autre pièce justicative de la date d’achat original sera exigé avant toute réparation. Toute pièce défectueuse couverte 
par la présente garantie limitée sera réparée ou remplacée par une pièce neuve ou remise à neuf. Le remplacement ou la réparation 
sera fait conformément aux modalités de la présente garantie limitée pendant la durée restante de la période originale de la garantie.
Produits non couverts – La présente garantie limitée ne couvre pas les produits achetés à l’extérieur du Canada. Elle ne couvre 
pas non plus les dommages, la défaillance ou les défauts attribuables à une manutention inadéquate, une mauvaise installation, 
une utilisation anormale ou abusive, de la négligence, un accident, un déversement ou la pénétration d’un objet étranger, une modi-
cation, un cas fortuit ou une réparation effectuée par une personne non agréée par PCI.
CE PRODUIT N’EST PAS DESTINÉ À ÊTRE UTILISÉ, EN TOUT OU EN PARTIE, COMME SYSTÈME/ÉQUIPEMENT NUCLÉAIRE, SYSTÈME/ 
ÉQUIPEMENT DE CONTRÔLE DU TRAFFIC AÉRIEN OU SYSTÈME/ÉQUIPEMENT DE POSTE DE PILOTAGE D’AVION
*3
. PANASONIC 
DÉCLINE TOUTE RESPONSABILITÉ CONCERNANT L’UTILISATION DE CE PRODUIT DANS LES CAS SUSMENTIONNÉS.
*3
  Les SYSTÈMES/ÉQUIPEMENTS DE POSTE DE PILOTAGE D’AVION sont dotés de systèmes OEPP (organiseur électronique 
de poste de pilotage) de classe 2 et de classe 1 utilisés pendant des phases critiques de vol (par exemple, pendant le décollage 
et l’atterrissage) et(ou) montés sur l’avion. Les systèmes OEPP de classe 1 et de classe 2 sont dénis par le circulaire d’infor-
mation FAA: AC (Advisory Circular) 120-76A ou le feuilet n° 36 JAA: JAA TGL (Temporary Guidance Leaets) No 36.
EXPÉDITION DU PRODUIT POUR SERVICE SOUS GARANTIE
Emballez soigneusement le produit, de préférence dans son emballage d’origine. Joignez une description de la défaillance de 
même qu’une pièce justicative de la date d’achat. Panasonic Canada Inc. ne peut être tenue responsable pour tout dommage ou 
perte subi pendant le transport si vous avez choisi le transporteur.
GARANTIE LIMITÉE – SUPPORTS DES LOGICIELS
Couverture – Panasonic Canada Inc. (« PCI ») garantit à l’acheteur original que la ou les disquettes ou tout autre support sur 
lequel le ou les programmes sont fournis sont exempts de défauts de pièces et de fabrication dans des conditions normales d’utili-
sation au Canada, et ce, pour une période de soixante (60) jours suivant la date de réception indiquée sur la preuve d’achat.
LA PRÉSENTE GARANTIE EST LA SEULE OFFERTE PAR PCI COUVRANT LES SUPPORTS DE LOGICIELS. PCI ne garantit 
pas les logiciels. Reportez-vous à la garantie écrite du concédant de licence d’utilisation du logiciel (qui accompagne la copie du 
logiciel) pour toute réclamation en vertu de la garantie.
Réclamation – marche à suivre – 
Panasonic Canada Inc. remplacera toute disquette ou support défectueux si l’article en question est 
retourné, port payé, à son service de Marketing – produits informatiques, 5770 Ambler Drive, Mississauga (Ontario) L4W 2T3, dans les soix-
ante (60) jours suivant la date d’achat original. Joignez à votre envoi une pièce justicative de votre achat et une description du problème.
Recours – 
La responsabilité de PCI - et votre seul recours - dans le cas de toute défaillance couverte par la garantie sur ce support de 
logiciel est limitée au seul remplacement du support. Elle ne couvre aucun autre dommage, y compris, mais non exclusivement, la perte  
d’usage ou de prots, ni aucun dommage spécial, indirect ou consécutif, ni aucune autre réclamation de nature similaire ou autre.
Produits non couverts – 
La présente garantie limitée ne s’applique pas si la ou les disquettes ou autre support ont été utilisés dans un 
produit d’une marque autre que Panasonic ou dans des conditions environnementales autres que celles spéciées par PCI ou le fabricant, 
ou soumis à une mauvaise utilisation, à la négligence, à une manutention inadéquate ou encore si le programme a été modié ou subi une 
tentative de modication ou des dommages attribuables à un accident ou à un cas fortuit. De plus, PCI n’assume aucune responsabilité 
pour toute perte de, ou tout dommage à, un programme, des données ou un support de sauvegarde amovible.
GÉNÉRALITÉS
PCI NE RECONNAÎT AUCUNE AUTRE GARANTIE, EXPLICITE OU IMPLICITE, Y COMPRIS, MAIS NON EXCLUSIVEMENT, LES 
GARANTIES IMPLICITES DE VALEUR COMMERCIALE ET D’UTILITÉ À UNE FIN QUELCONQUE, À L’ÉGARD DU LOGICIEL, 
SUPPORTS DE LOGICIELS, PRODUITS INFORMATIQUES, PÉRIPHÉRIQUES ET ACCESSOIRES.
SOUS AUCUNE CIRCONSTANCE PCI NE POURRA ÊTRE TENUE RESPONSABLE DES DOMMAGES SPÉCIAUX, INDIRECTS 
OU CONSÉCUTIFS ATTRIBUABLES À UN MANQUEMENT AUX GARANTIES LIMITÉES DÉCRITES DANS LE PRÉSENT DOCU-
MENT OU À L’UTILISATION DU PRODUIT INFORMATIQUE, Y COMPRIS, SANS RESTRICTION, LA PERTE DE DONNÉES,  
D’AFFAIRES, D’ACHALANDAGE OU DE PROFIT.
DANS TOUS LES CAS, LA RESPONSABILITÉ MAXIMALE DE PCI POUR TOUT MANQUEMENT NE POURRA EXCÉDER LE 
PRIX DE VENTE DU PRODUIT INFORMATIQUE.
AUCUNE RÉCLAMATION, SANS ÉGARD À SES MOTIFS, NE POURRA ÊTRE FAITE AUPRÈS DE PCI PLUS DE DEUX (2) ANS 
APRÈS LES FAITS INVOQUÉS À LA BASE D’UNE TELLE RÉCLAMATION.
Garantie statutaires – 
Certaines juridictions interdisent de telles limitations ou exclusions; aussi, pourraient-elles ne pas s’appliquer
.
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   42 2013/06/12   12:48:26

--- Page 43 ---
43
Appendix
For Australia
Personal / Notebook Computers - 36 Month Warranty from Date of Purchase
1.   
Subject to the conditions of this warranty Panasonic or it’s Authorised Service Centre will perform necessary service on the product 
without charge for parts or labour, if in the opinion of Panasonic, the product is found to be faulty within the warranty period.  
2.   This warranty only applies to Panasonic products purchased in Australia and sold by Panasonic Australia or its Authorised 
Distributors or Dealers and only where the products are used and serviced within Australia or it's territories. Warranty cover only 
applies to service carried out by a Panasonic Authorised Service Centre and only if valid proof of purchase is presented when 
warranty service is requested.
3.   
This warranty only applies if the product has been installed and used in accordance with the manufacturer’s recommendations 
(as noted in the operating instructions) under normal use and reasonable care (in the opinion of Panasonic). The warranty covers 
normal domestic use only and does not cover damage, malfunction or failure resulting from use of incorrect voltages, incorrect 
installation, accident, misuse, neglect, build-up of dirt or dust, abuse, maladjustment of customer controls, mains supply problems, 
thunderstorm activity, infestation by insects or vermin, tampering or repair by unauthorised persons (including unauthorised 
alterations), exposure to abnormally corrosive conditions or any foreign object or matter having entered the product.
4.   This warranty does not cover the following items unless the fault or defect existed at the time of purchase: Software
5.   Warranty on Toughbook accessories (stylus, pens, AC charger, combo drive, etc) is 12 Months from the date of purchase & 
3 months for batteries.
6.   To claim warranty service, when required, you should: 
Check the Panasonic web site for latest warranty contact http://www.panasonic.com.au/toughbook, use the Service Centre 
Locator and call the National Service Centre number indicated. 
Prepare purchase receipt as proof of purchase date and system serial number which will be required by the Authorised Service 
Centre.
7.   The Warranty excludes 3 or less faulty pixels on screen.
8.   The Warranty includes the repair or exchange of faulty parts within the product with items that are functionally equivalent to that 
as originally supplied or better – including new or refurbished parts or units – solely at Panasonic’s discretion.
9.   It is the customer’s responsibility to backup all data from the hard disk drive before sending equipment for repair. If a problem 
is related to the hard disk drive, or the hard disk drive has to be replaced, Panasonic will only reload the factory pre-installed 
software for the product onto the replacement drive.
10.   Panasonic will arrange free pick up and return for approved warranty repairs within 50 km of capital city locations. Please 
ensure your unit is properly packed for return to the service location.
11.   The warranties hereby conferred do not extend to, and exclude, any costs associated with the installation, de-installation or 
re-installation of a product, including costs related to the mounting, demounting or remounting of any screen, (and any other 
ancillary activities), delivery, handling, freighting, transportation or insurance of the product or any part thereof or replacement 
of and do not extend to, and exclude, any damage or loss occurring by reason of, during, associated with, or related to such 
installation, de-installation, re-installation or transit.
In addition to your rights under this warranty, Panasonic products come with consumer guarantees that cannot be excluded under 
the Australian Consumer Law. If there is a major failure with the product, you can reject the product and elect to have a refund or to 
have the product replaced or if you wish you may elect to keep the goods and be compensated for the drop in value of the goods. 
You are also entitled to have the product repaired or replaced if the product fails to be of acceptable quality and the failure does not 
amount to a major failure.
If there is a major failure in regard to the product which cannot be remedied then you must notify us within a reasonable period by 
contacting the Panasonic Customer Care Centre. If the failure in the product is not a major failure then Panasonic may choose to 
repair or replace the product and will do so in a reasonable period of time from receiving notice from you.
THIS PRODUCT IS NOT INTENDED FOR USE AS OR AS PART OF NUCLEAR EQUIPMENT/SYSTEMS, AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL 
EQUIPMENT/SYSTEMS, OR AIRCRAFT COCKPIT EQUIPMENT/SYSTEMS
*4
. PANASONIC WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR 
ANY LIABILITY RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THIS PRODUCT ARISING OUT OF THE FOREGOING USES.
*4
  
AIRCRAFT COCKPIT EQUIPMENT/SYSTEMS include Class 2 Electronic Flight Bag (EFB) Systems and Class 1 EFB Systems 
when used during critical phases of flight (e.g., during take-off and landing) and/or mounted onto the aircraft. Class 1 EFB Systems 
and 2 EFB Systems are defined by FAA: AC (Advisory Circular) 120-76A or JAA: JAA TGL (Temporary Guidance Leaflets) No.36.
THIS WARRANTY CARD AND THE PURCHASE DOCKET (OR SIMILAR PROOF OF PURCHASE) 
SHOULD BE RETAINED BY THE CUSTOMER AT ALL TIMES
If you require assistance regarding warranty conditions or any other enquiries, please visit the
Panasonic Australia website www.panasonic.com.au/toughbook or
contact by phone on 1300 132 463
Panasonic Australia Pty. Limited
ACN 001 592 187 ABN 83 001 592 187
1 Innovation Road, Macquarie Park NSW 2113
www.panasonic.com.au
PRO-031-F05 Issue: 4.0  11-11-2011
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   43 2013/06/12   12:48:27

--- Page 44 ---
As an 
E
NERGY 
S
TAR
®
 Partner, Panasonic Corporation has determined that this 
product meets the 
E
NERGY 
S
TAR
®
 guidelines for energy efciency. By enabling 
available power management settings, Panasonic computers enter a low-power sleep 
mode after a period of inactivity, saving the user energy. 
<For U.S.A.>
To learn more about power management, please visit the web site:
www.energystar.gov/index.cfm?c=power_mgt.pr_power_management
Outline of the International 
E
NERGY 
S
TAR
®
 Ofce Equipment Program
The international 
E
NERGY 
S
TAR
®
 Ofce Equipment Program is an international program that promotes energy 
saving through the use of computers and other ofce equipment. The program backs the development and dis-
semination of products with functions that effectively reduce energy consumption. It is an open system in which 
business proprietors can participate voluntarily. The targeted products are ofce equipment such as computers, 
displays, printers, facsimiles, and copiers. Their standards and logos are uniform among participating nations.
<For U.S.A.>
For information about 
E
NERGY 
S
TAR
®
, refer to the following web site:
Web Site: www.energystar.gov
22-E-1
© Panasonic Corporation 2013
Printed in Taiwan
TA0613-0
DFQW5801YAT
Panasonic Corporation
Osaka, Japan
Panasonic System Communications Company of North America
Two Riverfront Plaza 
Newark, NJ 07102
Panasonic Canada Inc.
5770 Ambler Drive, Mississauga,
Ontario L4W 2T3
Panasonic Australia Pty. Limited
ACN 001 592 187 ABN 83 001 592 187
1 Innovation Road, Macquarie Park NSW 2113
Importer’s name & address pursuant to the EU legislation
Panasonic System Communications Company Europe, Panasonic Marketing Europe GmbH
Hagenauer Straße 43
65203 Wiesbaden
Germany
Web Site : http://panasonic.net/
CF-31mk4(DFQW5801YAT)_OI_US.indb   44 2013/06/12   12:48:27

