Brand: PANASONIC
Model: Toughbook Cf 53
URL: https://www.manua.ls/panasonic/toughbook-cf-53/manual
Total Pages: 40
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
Please read these instructions carefully before using this product, and save this manual for future use.
Contents
Getting Started
Useful Information
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
Appendix
Troubleshooting
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
Personal Computer
Model No. CF-53 series
Introduction.................................................2
Read Me First ..............................................3
(Precautions)
Description of Parts .....................................11
First-time Operation .....................................13
On-screen Manual.......................................19
Handling and Maintenance .............................20
Reinstalling Software....................................22
Troubleshooting (Basic) ................................24
LIMITED USE LICENSE AGREEMENT ..............29
Specifications ............................................30
Standard Limited Warranty.............................34
For further information about the com-
puter, you can refer to the on-screen 
manual.
To access the on-screen manual 
Î page 19 “On-screen Manual”
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  1 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 2 ---
2
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
Introduction
Thank you for purchasing this Panasonic product. For optimum performance and safety, please read these instructions 
carefully.
 Terms and illustrations in these instructions
z  indicates Genuine Windows
®
 7 Professional Operating System.
z  indicates Genuine Microsoft
®
 Windows
®
 XP Professional Operating System.
z Some illustrations are simplified to help your understanding and may look different from the actual unit.
z If you do not log on as an administrator, you cannot use some functions or cannot display some screens.
z Refer for the latest information about optional products to the catalogs, etc.
z In these instructions, the names and terms are referred as follows.
• “Genuine Windows
®
 7 Professional 32-bit Service Pack 1” and “Genuine Windows
®
 7 Professional 64-bit Service 
Pack 1” as “Windows” or “Windows 7”
• “Genuine Microsoft
®
 Windows
®
 XP Professional Service Pack 3” as “Windows” or “Windows XP”
• DVD MULTI drive as “CD/DVD drive”
• Circular media including DVD-ROM and CD-ROM as “discs”
 Disclaimer
Computer specifications and manuals are subject to change without notice. Panasonic Corporation assumes no liability 
for damage incurred directly or indirectly from errors, omissions or discrepancies between the computer and the manu-
als.
 Trademarks
Microsoft
®
, Windows
®
 and the Windows logo are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation of the United States 
and/or other countries.
Intel, Core, Centrino and PROSet are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Intel Corporation.
SDXC Logo is a trademark of SD-3C, LLC. 
Adobe, the Adobe logo and Adobe Reader are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorpo-
rated in the United States and/or other countries.
Bluetooth™ is a trademark owned by Bluetooth SIG, Inc., U.S.A. and licensed to Panasonic Corporation.
HDMI, the HDMI Logo and High-Definition Multimedia Interface are trademarks or registered trademarks of HDMI 
Licensing LLC in the United States and other countries.
Corel, InterVideo
®
, WinDVD
®
, the InterVideo logo and the Corel logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Corel 
Corporation and/or its subsidiaries in Canada, the United States and/or other countries.
Sonic and Roxio are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sonic in the United states and/or other countries.
Names of products, brands, etc., appearing in this manual are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective 
own companies.
 : Conditions that may result in minor or moderate injury.
 : Useful and helpful information.
Enter
 : Press [Enter] key.
Fn
 + 
F5
 : Press and hold [Fn] key, and then press [F5] key.
 (Start) - [All Programs]: Click   (Start), and then click [All Programs].
[start] - [Run] : Click [start], and then click [Run]. You may need to double-click in some cases.
Î : Page in these Operating Instructions or in the Reference Manual.
 : Reference to the on-screen manuals.
CAUTION
NOTE
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  2 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 3 ---
3
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
Read Me First
<Only for model with a “CE  ” mark on the bottom of the computer>
Declaration of Conformity (DoC)
“Hereby, Panasonic declares that this Personal Computer is in compliance with the essential 
requirements and other relevant provisions of the Directive 1999/5/EC.”
Hint:
If you want to get a copy of the original DoC of our above mentioned products, 
please contact our web address: http://www.doc.panasonic.de 
Authorised Representative:
Panasonic Testing Centre
Panasonic Marketing Europe GmbH
Winsbergring 15, 22525 Hamburg, Germany
Network connection of Wired Modem.
The terminal equipment is intended for connection to the following public network;
In all the countries of European Economical Area and Turkey;
- Public Switched Telephony Networks
Technical Features of Wired Modem.
The terminal equipment includes the following features;
- DTMF dialing
- Maximum bitrate receiving mode: 56 kbit/s
- Maximum bitrate sending mode: 33.6 kbit/s
Indication of the countries where WLAN is intended to be used:
AT BE BG CH CY CZ DE DK EE ES
FI FR GB GR HU IE IS IT LT LU
LV MT NL NO PL PT RO SE SI SK TR
18-25-E-1
<Only for model with a “CE” mark on the bottom of the computer>
Declaration of Conformity (DoC)
“Hereby, Panasonic declares that this Personal Computer is in compliance with the essential
requirements and other relevant provisions of the Directive 1999/5/EC.”
Hint:
If you want to get a copy of the original DoC of our above mentioned products,
please contact our web address: http://www.doc.panasonic.de
Authorised Representative:
Panasonic Testing Centre
Panasonic Marketing Europe GmbH
Winsbergring 15, 22525 Hamburg, Germany
Network connection of Wired Modem.
The terminal equipment is intended for connection to the following public network;
In all the countries of European Economical Area and Turkey;
- Public Switched Telephony Networks
Technical Features of Wired Modem.
The terminal equipment includes the following features;
- DTMF dialing
- Maximum bitrate receiving mode: 56 kbit/s
- Maximum bitrate sending mode: 33.6 kbit/s
18-E-1
Models for Europe
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  3 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 4 ---
4
Read Me First
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
This equipment requires minimum 20 cm spacing from all person’s body (excluding extremities of hands, wrist and feet) 
in directions of the back and both sides of the LCD display during wireless modes of operation.
60-E-1
Warning
This apparatus must be earthed for your safety.
To ensure safe operation the three-pin plug must be inserted only into a standard three-pin power point which is effec-
tively earthed through the normal household wiring.
Extension cords used with the equipment must be three-core and be correctly wired to provide connection to earth. 
Wrongly wired extension cords are a major cause of fatalities.
The fact that the equipment operates satisfactorily does not imply that the power point is earthed and that the installa-
tion is completely safe.
For your safety, if you have any doubt about the effective earthing of the power point, consult a qualified electrician.
FOR YOUR SAFETY PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TEXT CAREFULLY
This appliance is supplied with a moulded three pin mains plug for your safety and convenience.
A 3 amp fuse is fitted in this plug.
Should the fuse need to be replaced please ensure that the replacement fuse has a rating of 3 amps and that it is 
approved by ASTA or BSI to BS 1362.
Check for the ASTA mark   or the BSI mark   on the body of the fuse.
If the plug contains a removable fuse cover you must ensure that it is refitted when the fuse is replaced. 
If you lose the fuse cover the plug must not be used until a replacement cover is obtained.
A replacement fuse cover can be purchased from your local Panasonic Dealer.
IF THE FITTED MOULDED PLUG IS UNSUITABLE FOR THE SOCKET OUTLET IN YOUR HOME THEN THE FUSE 
SHOULD BE REMOVED AND THE PLUG CUT OFF AND DISPOSED OF SAFELY.
THERE IS A DANGER OF SEVERE ELECTRICAL SHOCK IF THE CUT OFF PLUG IS INSERTED INTO ANY 13 AMP 
SOCKET.
If a new plug is to be fitted please observe the wiring code as shown below. 
If in any doubt please consult a qualified electrician.
Warning: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED.
Important
The wires in this mains lead are coloured in accordance with the following code:
Green-and-yellow: Earth
Blue: Neutral
Brown: Live
As the colours of the wires in the mains lead of this apparatus may not correspond with the coloured markings identify-
ing the terminals in your plug, proceed as follows: 
The wire which is coloured GREEN-and-YELLOW must be connected to the terminal in the plug which is marked by the 
letter E or by the safety earth symbol   coloured GREEN or GREEN-and-YELLOW.
The wire which is coloured Blue must be connected to the terminal which is marked with the letter N or coloured BLACK.
The wire which is coloured Brown must be connected to the terminal which is marked with the letter L or coloured RED.
The mains plug on this equipment must be used to disconnect the mains power.
Please ensure that a socket outlet is available near the equipment and shall be easily accessible.
 How to replace the fuse
Open the fuse compartment with a screwdriver and replace the fuse.
Warnings
z This equipment is not designed for connection to an IT power system.
(An IT system is a system having no direct connections between live parts and Earth; the exposed-conductive-parts 
of the electrical installation are earthed.
An IT system is not permitted where the computer is directly connected to public supply systems in the U.K.)
z Disconnect the mains plug from the supply socket when the computer is not in use.
This equipment is produced to BS800/1983.
8-E-1
Models for UK
A S A
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  4 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 5 ---
5
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
<Only for model with modem>
When using your telephone equipment, basic safety precau-
tions should always be followed to reduce the risk of fire, 
electric shock and injury to persons, including the following: 
1. Do not use this product near water, for example, near 
a bath tub, wash bowl, kitchen sink or laundry tub, in a 
wet basement or near a swimming pool.
2. Avoid using a telephone (other than a cordless type) 
during an electrical storm. There may be a remote risk 
of electric shock from lightning.
3. Do not use the telephone to report a gas leak in the 
vicinity of the leak.
4. Use only the power cord and batteries indicated in this 
manual. Do not dispose of batteries in a fire. They may 
explode. Check with local codes for possible special 
disposal instructions.
SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS
19-E-1
<Only for model with wireless LAN/Bluetooth>
This product and your Health
This product, like other radio devices, emits radio fre-
quency electromagnetic energy. The level of energy emit-
ted by this product however is far much less than the 
electromagnetic energy emitted by wireless devices like 
for example mobile phones.
Because this product operates within the guidelines found in 
radio frequency safety standards and recommendations, we 
believe this product is safe for use by consumers. These 
standards and recommendations reflect the consensus of 
the scientific community and result from deliberations of 
panels and committees of scientists who continually review 
and interpret the extensive research literature.
In some situations or environments, the use of this prod-
uct may be restricted by the proprietor of the building or 
responsible representatives of the organization. These sit-
uations may for example include:
z Using this product on board of airplanes, or
z In any other environment where the risk of interference 
to other devices or services is perceived or identified 
as harmful.
If you are uncertain of the policy that applies on the use of 
wireless devices in a specific organization or environment 
(e.g. airports), you are encouraged to ask for authoriza-
tion to use this product prior to turning on the product.
Regulatory Information
We are not responsible for any radio or television interfer-
ence caused by unauthorized modification of this product. 
The correction of interference caused by such unautho-
rized modification will be the responsibility of the user. We 
and its authorized resellers or distributors are not liable for 
damage or violation of government regulations that may 
arise from failing to comply with these guidelines.
26-M-1
Important Safety Instructions
Information to the User
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  5 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 6 ---
6
Read Me First
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
<Only for model with wireless WAN>
The following safety precautions must be observed during all phases of the operation, usage, service or repair of any 
Personal Computer or Handheld Computer incorporating wireless WAN modem. Manufacturers of the cellular terminal 
are advised to convey the following safety information to users and operating personnel and to incorporate these guide-
lines into all manuals supplied with the product. Failure to comply with these precautions violates safety standards of 
design, manufacture and intended use of the product. Panasonic assumes no liability for customer failure to comply 
with these precautions.
When in a hospital or other health care facility, observe the restrictions on the use of mobiles. Switch Personal 
Computer or Handheld Computer incorporating wireless WAN modem off, if instructed to do so by the 
guidelines posted in sensitive areas. Medical equipment may be sensitive to RF energy. 
The operation of cardiac pacemakers, other implanted medical equipment and hearing aids can be affected by 
interference from Personal Computer or Handheld Computer incorporating wireless WAN modem placed close 
to the device. If in doubt about potential danger, contact the physician or the manufacturer of the device to verify 
that the equipment is properly shielded. Pacemaker patients are advised to keep their Personal Computer or 
Handheld Computer incorporating wireless WAN modem away from the pacemaker, while it is on.
Switch off Personal Computer or Handheld Computer incorporating wireless WAN modem before boarding 
an aircraft. Make sure it cannot be switched on inadvertently. The operation of wireless appliances in an 
aircraft is forbidden to prevent interference with communications systems. Failure to observe these 
instructions may lead to the suspension or denial of cellular services to the offender, legal action, or both. For 
details on usage of this unit in aircrafts please consult and follow instruction provided by the airline.
Do not operate Personal Computer or Handheld Computer incorporating wireless WAN modem in the 
presence of flammable gases or fumes. Switch off the cellular terminal when you are near petrol stations, fuel 
depots, chemical plants or where blasting operations are in progress. Operation of any electrical equipment 
in potentially explosive atmospheres can constitute a safety hazard.
Your Personal Computer or Handheld Computer incorporating wireless WAN modem receives and transmits 
radio frequency energy while switched on. Remember that interference can occur if it is used close to TV 
sets, radios, computers or inadequately shielded equipment. Follow any special regulations and always 
switch off Personal Computer or Handheld Computer incorporating wireless WAN modem wherever 
forbidden, or when you suspect that it may cause interference or danger.
Road safety comes first! Do not use a Personal Computer or Handheld Computer incorporating wireless 
WAN modem while driving a vehicle. Do not place the computer with wireless WAN modem in an area where 
it could cause personal injury to the driver or passengers. It is recommended to stow the unit in the boot or 
secure stowage area while driving. 
Do not place the computer with wireless WAN modem in an area over an air bag or in the vicinity where an air 
bag may deploy. 
Air bags inflate with great force and if the computer with wireless WAN modem is placed in the air bag 
deployment area may be propelled with great force and cause serious injury to occupants of the vehicle.
IMPORTANT!
Personal Computer or Handheld Computer incorporating wireless WAN modem operate using radio signals 
and cellular networks cannot be guaranteed to connect in all conditions. Therefore, you should never rely 
solely upon any wireless device for essential communications, for example emergency calls.
Remember, in order to make or receive calls, Personal Computer or Handheld Computer incorporating 
wireless WAN modem must be switched on and in a coverage area with adequate cellular signal strength.
Some networks do not allow for emergency calls if certain network services or phone features are in use (e.g. 
lock functions, fixed dialing etc.). You may need to deactivate those features before you can make an 
emergency call.
Some networks require that a valid SIM card be properly inserted in Personal Computer or Handheld 
Computer incorporating wireless WAN modem.
Safety Precautions
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  6 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 7 ---
7
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
Lithium Battery!
This computer contains a lithium battery to enable the date, time, and other data to be stored. The battery should only 
be exchanged by authorized service personnel.
Warning! A risk of explosion from incorrect installation or misapplication may possibly occur.
15-E-1
CAUTION!
THIS PRODUCT UTILIZES A LASER.
USE OF CONTROLS, ADJUSTMENTS OR PERFORMANCE OF 
PROCEDURES OTHER THAN THOSE SPECIFIED HEREIN 
MAY RESULT IN HAZARDOUS RADIATION EXPOSURE.
DO NOT OPEN COVERS AND DO NOT REPAIR YOURSELF.
REFER SERVICING TO QUALIFIED PERSONNEL.
12-E-1
The following label is put on the bottom of the computer.
12-1-1
When using Port Replicator or Car Mounter on which 
an external antenna can be installed:
• External antenna for wireless LAN must be professionally installed.
• The gain of external antenna for wireless LAN must not exceed 5dBi.
• The user must maintain minimum of 20 cm spacing between the external antenna and all people (excluding extremi-
ties of hands, wrist and feet) during wireless modes of operation.
41-E-1-1
Lithium Battery
CD/DVD Drive Caution
External Antenna
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  7 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 8 ---
8
Read Me First
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
These symbols on the products, packaging, and/or accompanying documents mean that used electrical 
and electronic products and batteries should not be mixed with general household waste.
For proper treatment, recovery and recycling of old products and used batteries, please take them to appli-
cable collection points, in accordance with your national legislation and the Directives 2002/96/EC and 
2006/66/EC.
By disposing of these products and batteries correctly, you will help to save valuable resources and pre-
vent any potential negative effects on human health and the environment which could otherwise arise from 
inappropriate waste handling.
For more information about collection and recycling of old products and batteries, please contact your 
local municipality, your waste disposal service or the point of sale where you purchased the items.
Penalties may be applicable for incorrect disposal of this waste, in accordance with national legislation.
For business users in the European Union
If you wish to discard electrical and electronic equipment, please contact your dealer or supplier for further 
information.
[Information on Disposal in other Countries outside the European Union]
These symbols are only valid in the European Union. If you wish to discard this product, please contact 
your local authorities or dealer and ask for the correct method of disposal.
Note for the battery symbol (bottom two symbol examples):
This symbol might be used in combination with a chemical symbol. In this case it complies with the 
requirement set by the Directive for the chemical involved.
53-E-1
This computer is not intended for use in medical equip-
ment including life-support systems, air traffic control sys-
tems, or other equipment, devices or systems that are 
involved with ensuring human life or safety. Panasonic 
cannot be held responsible in any way for any damages 
or loss resulting from the use of this unit in these types of 
equipment, devices or systems, etc.
This computer has been designed so as to minimize 
shock to the LCD and hard disk drive, the leakage of liq-
uid (e.g., water) on to the keyboard, etc., but no warranty 
is provided against such trouble. Therefore, as a precision 
instrument, be extremely careful in the handling.
If a Malfunction or Trouble Occurs, Immediately Stop Use
If a Malfunction Occurs, Immediately Unplug the AC Plug 
and the Battery Pack
• This product is damaged
• Foreign object inside this product
• Smoke emitted
• Unusual smell emitted
• Unusually hot
Continuing to use this product while any of the above con-
ditions are present may result in fire or electric shock.
• If a malfunction or trouble occurs, immediately turn the power 
off and unplug the AC plug, and then remove the battery 
pack. Then contact your technical support office for repair.
Do Not Touch This Product and Cable When It Starts Thun-
dering
Electric shock may result.
Do Not Connect the AC Adaptor to a Power Source Other 
Than a Standard Household AC Outlet
Otherwise, a fire due to overheating may result. Connect-
ing to a DC/AC converter (inverter) may damage the AC 
adaptor. On an airplane, only connect the AC adaptor/
charger to an AC outlet specifically approved for such use.
Information for Users on Collection and Disposal of Old Equipment and used 
Batteries
Precautions
THIS PRODUCT IS NOT INTENDED FOR USE AS, 
OR AS PART OF, NUCLEAR EQUIPMENT/SYSTEMS, 
AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL EQUIPMENT/SYSTEMS, 
AIRCRAFT COCKPIT EQUIPMENT/SYSTEMS
*1
, 
MEDICAL DEVICES OR ACCESSORIES
*2
, LIFE 
SUPPORT SYSTEMS OR OTHER EQUIPMENTS/
DEVICES/SYSTEMS THAT ARE INVOLVED WITH 
ENSURING HUMAN LIFE OR SAFETY. PANASONIC 
WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LIABILITY 
RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THIS PRODUCT 
ARISING OUT OF THE FOREGOING USES.
*1
AIRCRAFT COCKPIT EQUIPMENT/SYSTEMS include Class2 
Electrical Flight Bag (EFB) Systems and Class1 EFB Systems 
when used during critical phases of flight (e.g., during take-off and 
landing) and/or mounted on to the aircraft. Class1 EFB Systems 
and 2 EFB Systems are defined by FAA: AC (Advisory Circular) 
120-76A or JAA: JAA TGL (Temporary Guidance Leaflets) No.36.
*2
As defined by the European Medical Device Directive (MDD) 93/
42/EEC.
Panasonic cannot guarantee any specifications, tech-
nologies, reliability, safety (e.g. Flammability/Smoke/
Toxicity/Radio Frequency Emission, etc) requirements 
related to aviation standards and medical equipment 
standards that differ from the specifications of our 
COTS (Commercial-Off-The-Shelf) products.
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  8 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 9 ---
9
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
Do Not Do Anything That May Damage the AC Cord, the AC 
Plug, or the AC Adaptor
Do not damage or modify the cord, place it near hot tools, 
bend, twist, or pull it forcefully, place heavy objects on it, 
or bundle it tightly.
Continuing to use a damaged cord may result in fire, short 
circuit, or electric shock.
Do Not Pull or Insert the AC Plug If Your Hands Are Wet
Electric shock may result.
Clean Dust and Other Debris of the AC Plug Regularly
If dust or other debris accumulates on the plug, humidity, etc. 
may cause a defect in the insulation, which may result in a fire.
• Pull the plug, and wipe it with a dry cloth.
Pull the plug if the computer is not being used for a long 
period of time.
Insert the AC Plug Completely
If the plug is not inserted completely, fire due to overheat-
ing or electric shock may result.
• Do not use a damaged plug or loose AC outlet.
Do Not Place Containers of Liquid or Metal Objects on Top 
of This Product
If water or other liquid spills, or if paper clips, coins, or foreign 
matter get inside this product, fire or electric shock may result.
• If foreign matter has found its way inside, immediately 
turn the power off and unplug the AC plug and remove the 
battery pack. Then contact your technical support office.
Do Not Disassemble This Product
You may receive an electric shock, or foreign matter may 
enter and result in a fire.
Keep SD Memory Cards Away from Infants and Small Children
Accidental swallowing will result in bodily injury.
• In the event of accidental swallowing, see a doctor immediately.
Do Not Place This Product on Unstable Surfaces
If balance is lost, this product may fall over or drop, result-
ing in an injury.
Avoid Stacking
If balance is lost, this product may fall over or drop, result-
ing in an injury.
Do Not Leave This Product in High Temperature Environ-
ment for a Long Period of Time
Leaving this product where it will be exposed to extremely 
high temperatures such as near fire or in direct sunlight 
may deform the cabinet and/or cause trouble in the inter-
nal parts. Continued use in such a resulting condition may 
lead to short-circuiting or insulation defects, etc. which 
may in turn lead to a fire or electric shocks.
Do Not Block the Ventilation Hole (Exhaust)
Using this product wrapped in cloth or on top of bedding 
or a blanket can block the ventilation hole and cause heat 
to build up inside, possibly resulting in a fire.
Hold the Plug When Unplugging the AC Plug
Pulling on the cord may damage the cord, resulting in a 
fire or electric shock.
Do Not Move This Product While the AC Plug Is Connected
The AC cord may be damaged, resulting in fire or electric shock.
• If the AC cord is damaged, unplug the AC plug immediately.
Use Only the Specified AC Adaptor With This Product
Using an AC adaptor other than the one supplied (sup-
plied with the unit or one sold separately as an accessory) 
may result in a fire.
Do Not Subject the AC Adaptor to Any Strong Impact
Using the AC adaptor after a strong impact such as being 
dropped may result in electric shock, short circuit, or fire.
Take a Break of 10-15 Minutes Every Hour
Using this product for long periods of time may have detri-
mental health effects on the eyes or hands.
Do Not Look into the CD/DVD Drive
Looking directly at the internal laser light source may 
result in damage to eyesight.
Do Not Use Discs That Are Cracked or Deformed
Because the discs rotate at high speeds, damaged discs 
may break apart causing injury.
• Discs that are not round and discs that have been 
repaired using adhesives are similarly dangerous, and 
so should not be used.
Do Not Turn the Volume Up to Loud When Using Head-
phones
Listening at high volumes that overstimulate the ear for 
long periods of time may result in loss of hearing.
Do Not Connect a Telephone Line, or a Network Cable Other 
Than the One Specified, into the LAN Port
If the LAN port is connected to a network such as the 
ones listed below, a fire or electric shock may result.
• Networks other than 1000BASE-T, 100BASE-TX or 10BASE-T
• Phone lines (IP phone (Internet Protocol Telephone), Tele-
phone lines, internal phone lines (on-premise switches), digital 
public phones, etc.)
Do Not Use With Exposing the Skin to This Product For a 
Long Period of Time
Using this product with exposing the skin to the heat 
source of this product or AC adaptor for a long period of 
time can cause a low-temperature burn.
Do Not Expose Yourself to the Hot Wind from the Ventilation
Hole (Exhaust) for a Long Period of Time.
Low-temperature burns may result.
Covering the ventilation hole (exhaust) with your hand or other 
object can cause heat to build up inside, possibly resulting in 
burns.
Do Not Expose the Skin To This Product When Using the Prod-
uct In A Hot Or Cold Environment.
Burns, low-temperature burns, or frostbite may result.
• When it is necessary to expose the skin to this product such as to 
scan a fingerprint, perform the operation in the shortest time pos-
sible.
<Only for model with modem>
Use the Modem With a Regular Telephone Line
Connection to an internal phone line (on-premise switches) of a 
company or business office, etc. or to a digital public phone or 
use in a country or area not supported by the computer may 
result in a fire or electric shocks.
z Do not place the computer near a television or radio 
receiver.
z Keep the computer away from magnets. Data stored 
on the hard disk may be lost.
z This computer is not intended for the display of images 
for use in medical diagnosis.
z This computer is not intended for a use with connec-
tion of medical equipment for the purpose of medical 
diagnosis.
z Panasonic shall not be liable for loss of data or other 
incidental or consequential damages resulting from the 
use of this product.
Interface Cable
Use of an interface cable longer than 
3 m is not recommended.
11-E-1
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  9 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 10 ---
10
Read Me First
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
Do Not Use With Any Other Product
The battery pack is rechargeable and was intended for 
the specified product. If it is used with a product other 
than the one for which it was designed, electrolyte leak-
age, generation of heat, ignition or rupture may result.
Do Not Charge the Battery Using Methods Other Than 
Those Specified
If the battery is not charged using one of the specified 
methods, electrolyte leakage, generation of heat, ignition 
or rupture may result.
Do Not Throw the Battery Pack into a Fire or Expose It 
to Excessive Heat
Generation of heat, ignition or rupture may result.
Avoid Extreme Heat (Near the Fire, in Direct Sunlight, 
for Example)
Electrolyte leakage, generation of heat, ignition or rupture 
may result.
Do Not Insert Sharp Objects into the Battery Pack, 
Expose It to Bumps or Shocks, Disassemble, or Mod-
ify It
Electrolyte leakage, generation of heat, ignition or rupture 
may result.
• If this product is subjected to a strong impact, stop using 
it immediately.
Do Not Short the Positive (+) and Negative (-) Con-
tacts
Generation of heat, ignition or rupture may result. 
• Do not place the battery pack together with articles such 
as necklaces or hairpins when carrying or storing.
Do Not Use This Product With a Battery Pack Other 
Than the One Specified
Use only the specified battery pack (CF-VZSU71U) with 
your product. Use of battery packs other than those man-
ufactured and supplied by Panasonic may present a 
safety hazard (generation of heat, ignition or rupture).
When the battery pack has deteriorated, replace it 
with a new one
Continued use of a damaged battery pack may result in 
heat generation, ignition or battery rupture.
z Do not touch the terminals on the battery pack. The 
battery pack may no longer function properly if the 
contacts are dirty or damaged.
z Do not expose the battery pack to water, or allow it to 
become wet.
z If the battery pack will not be used for a long period of 
time (a month or more), charge or discharge (use) the 
battery pack until the remaining battery level becomes 
30% to 40% and store it in a cool, dry place.
z This computer prevents overcharging of the battery by 
recharging only when the remaining power is less than 
approx. 95% of capacity.
z The battery pack is not charged when the computer is 
first purchased. Be sure to charge it before using it for 
the first time. When the AC adaptor is connected to the 
computer, charging begins automatically.
z Should the battery leak and the fluid get into your 
eyes, do not rub your eyes. Immediately flush your 
eyes with clear water and see a doctor for medical 
treatment as soon as possible.
NOTE
z The battery pack may become warm during recharging 
or normal use. This is completely normal.
z Recharging will not commence if internal temperature 
of the battery pack is outside of the allowable tempera-
ture range (0 °C to 50 °C) (Î  Reference Manual 
“Battery Power”). Once the allowable range require-
ment is satisfied, charging begins automatically. Note 
that the recharging time varies based on the usage 
conditions. (Recharging takes longer than usual when 
the temperature is 10 °C or below.)
z If the temperature is low, the operating time is short-
ened. Only use the computer within the allowable tem-
perature range.
z This computer has a high temperature mode function 
that prevents the degradation of the battery in high 
temperature environments. (Î  Reference Manual 
“Battery Power”) A level corresponding to a 100% 
charge for high temperature mode is approximately 
equivalent to an 80% charge level for normal tempera-
ture mode.
z The battery pack is a consumable item. If the amount 
of time the computer can be run by using a particular 
battery pack becomes dramatically shorter and 
repeated recharging does not restore its performance, 
the battery pack should be replaced with a new one.
z When transporting a spare battery inside a package, 
briefcase, etc., it is recommended that it be placed in a 
plastic bag so that its contacts are protected.
z Always power off the computer when it is not in use. 
Leaving the computer on when the AC adaptor is not 
connected will exhaust the remaining battery capacity 
(Î  Reference Manual “LAN”).
Precautions (Battery Pack)
CAUTION:
Risk of Explosion if Battery is replaced by an Incorrect Type.
Dispose of Used Batteries According to the Instructions.
58-E-1
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  10 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 11 ---
11
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
Description of Parts
A : Wireless WAN antenna
<Only for model with wireless WAN>
Î  Reference Manual “Wireless WAN”
B : Bluetooth antenna
<Only for model with Bluetooth>
Î  Reference Manual “Bluetooth”
C : Speaker
Î  Reference Manual “Key Combinations”
D : Smart Card slot
<Only for model with Smart Card slot>
Î  Reference Manual “Smart Card”
E : CD/DVD Drive
Î  Reference Manual “CD/DVD Drive”
F : Wireless LAN antenna
<Only for model with wireless LAN>
Î  Reference Manual “Wireless LAN”
G : Web Camera
<Only for model with Web Camera>
To use the Web Camera, the software corresponding 
to the web camera is needed.
H : LCD
Î <Only for model with touchscreen>
 Reference Manual “Touchscreen”
I : Power switch
J : Function key
Î  Reference Manual “Key Combinations”
K : Fingerprint Reader
<Only for model with Fingerprint Reader>
Î  Reference Manual “Fingerprint Reader”
L : Keyboard
M : LED indicator
 : Caps lock
 : Numeric key (NumLk)
 : Scroll lock (ScrLk)
 : Drive status
 : SD Memory Card status
(Blinking: During access or a password is 
requested)
Î  Reference Manual “SD Memory Card”
 : Wireless ready
This indicator lights when Wireless LAN, Blue-
tooth, and/or Wireless WAN are connected and 
ready. It does not necessarily indicate the On/Off 
condition of the wireless connection.
Î  Reference Manual “Disabling/Enabling 
Wireless Communication” “Wireless LAN” “Blue-
tooth” “Wireless WAN”
 : Battery status
Î  Reference Manual “Battery Power”
 : Power status
(Off: Power off/Hibernation, Green: Power on, 
Blinking green: Sleep
*1
, Blinking green rapidly: 
Cannot power on or resume due to low tempera-
ture.)
N : Microphone jack
A condenser microphone can be used. If other types 
of microphones are used, audio input may not be pos-
sible, or malfunctions may occur as a result.
O : Headphone jack
You can connect headphones or amplified speakers.
When they are connected, audio from the internal 
speakers is not heard.
P : Carrying handle
Q : Stylus Holder
<Only for model with touchscreen>
R : Touch pad
*1
Windows XP : Standby
B
C
D
E
A
F
A
H
C
K
L
M
N
O
Q
P
Q
R
J
I
G
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  11 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 12 ---
12
Description of Parts
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
A : Battery pack
Specified Battery pack: CF-VZSU71U
B : ExpressCard slot
*2
 / PC Card slot
*3
Î  Reference Manual “PC Card / ExpressCard”
*2
Only for model with ExpressCard slot
*3
Only for model without ExpressCard slot
C : PC Card slot
Î  Reference Manual “PC Card / ExpressCard”
D : SD Memory Card slot
Î  Reference Manual “SD Memory Card”
E : Wireless switch
Î  
Reference Manual “Disabling/Enabling Wireless 
Communication” “Wireless LAN” “Bluetooth” “Wireless WAN”
F : USB 2.0 port 
Î  Reference Manual “USB Devices”
G : USB 3.0 port
Î  Reference Manual “USB Devices”
H : DC-IN jack
I : LAN port
Î  Reference Manual “LAN”
J : HDMI Port
Î  Reference Manual “External Display”
K : VGA port
Î  Reference Manual “External Display”
L : Ventilation hole (Exhaust)
M : Security lock
A Kensington cable can be connected.
For further information, read the manual that comes 
with the cable.
N : SIM Card slot
<Only for model with Wireless WAN>
Î  Reference Manual “Wireless WAN”
O :
2nd LAN Port
*4
 / Modem Port
*5
 / IEEE 1394 Interface Connector
*6
*4
Only for model with 2nd LAN
Î  Reference Manual “LAN”
*5
Only for model with Modem
Î  Reference Manual “Modem”
*6
Only for model with IEEE 1394
Î  Reference Manual “IEEE 1394 Devices”
P : Serial port
Q : Expansion bus connector
Î  Reference Manual “Port Replicator”
R : RAM module slot
Î  Reference Manual “RAM Module”
S : Battery latch
T : Hard disk drive
Î  Reference Manual “Hard Disk Drive”
NOTE
z When you open the covers on 
the right side or the rear side, 
push down and pull the covers.
z This computer contains a 
magnet and magnetic prod-
ucts at the locations circled in 
the illustration at right. Avoid 
leaving metallic object or mag-
netic media in contact with 
these areas.
Attaching the stylus to the computer
<Only for model with Touchscreen> Use the tether to attach the stylus to the computer so you will not lose it.
There are holes (A) to attach it.
AB C D EFGH
Q
R
S
T
IFJK L OPMN
Right side
Rear side Bottom
(Example: rear side)
A
1 2 3 4
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  12 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 13 ---
13
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
First-time Operation
 Preparation
A Check and identify the supplied accessories.
If you do not find the described accessories, contact Panasonic Technical Support.
B Read the LIMITED USE LICENSE AGREEMENT before breaking the seal on the computer’s packaging 
(Î page 29).
 Inserting the Battery Pack
A Reverse the computer, then press and hold the   mark part (A).
B Slide and remove the cover.
C Insert the battery pack (B) until it securely fits the connector.
D Slide the cover back.
 To remove the battery pack
In step 
C
 above, slide and hold the latch (C), and pull the tab (D) of the battery pack.
CAUTION
z Make sure the cover is securely attached. Otherwise the battery pack may fall 
when you carry the computer.
NOTE
z Note that the computer consumes electricity even when the computer power is 
off. If the battery pack is fully charged, the battery will fully discharge in the fol-
lowing period of time:
• When power is off: Approx. 10 weeks
• In sleep
*1
 : Approx. 3.5 days
• In hibernation: Approx. 9 days
At the time of purchase, “Wake Up from LAN” is enabled.
If “Wake Up from LAN” is disabled, the period of time in sleep will become 
slightly longer, and the period of time in hibernation will become about the same 
as during power-off. 
z When the DC plug is not connected to the computer, disconnect the AC cord 
from your AC wall outlet. Power is consumed simply by having the AC adaptor 
plugged into an electrical outlet.
*1
Windows XP : standby
• AC Adaptor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1
Model No: CF-AA5713A
• AC Cord  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  1 • Battery Pack . . . . . . . . . . . .  1
Model No: CF-VZSU71U
• Operating Instructions (This book) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  1
<Only for model with touchscreen>
• Soft Cloth . . . . . . . . . . . . . .1 • Stylus . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  1 • Tether  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1
(Î  Reference Manual “Touchscreen”)
2
1
3
4
D
C
B
A
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  13 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 14 ---
14
First-time Operation
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
 Opening the Display
z Do not touch the terminals of the battery pack and the computer. Doing so can 
make the terminals dirty or damaged, and may cause malfunction of the battery 
pack and the computer.
z Be sure to attach the cover for use.
The battery charging starts automatically.
CAUTION
z Do not disconnect the AC adaptor and do not switch the wireless switch to on 
until the first-time operation procedure is completed.
z When using the computer for the first time, do not connect any peripheral device 
except the battery pack and AC adaptor.
z Handling the AC adaptor
Problems such as sudden voltage drops may arise during periods of thunder and 
lightning. Since this could adversely affect your computer, an uninterruptible 
power source (UPS) is highly recommended unless running from the battery 
pack alone.
A Confirm the wireless switch (Î page 12) is OFF.
B Press and hold the power switch   (Î page 11) until the power indicator 
 (Î page 11) lights.
CAUTION
z Do not press the power switch repeatedly.
z The computer will be forcibly turned off if you press and hold the power switch for 
four seconds or longer.
z Once you turn off the computer, wait for ten seconds or more before you turn on 
the computer again.
z Do not perform the following operation until the drive indicator   turns off.
• Connecting or disconnecting the AC adaptor
• Pressing the power switch
• Touching the keyboard, touch pad or external mouse
• Closing the display
• Turn on/off the wireless switch
z When the CPU temperature is high, the computer may not start up to prevent 
overheating of the CPU. Wait until the computer cools down, and then turn the 
power on again. If the computer does not power on even after cooling down, 
contact Panasonic Technical Support.
A Push the top of the latch (A) to release it.
B Lift up the display to open.
A
1
2
1 Insert the battery pack.
2 Connect your computer to a power outlet.
3 Turn on the computer.
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  14 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 15 ---
15
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
NOTE
z The message "Reinstall" is displayed, but language and OS (32-bit or 64-bit) 
will be prepared by the following steps.
A Click [Reinstall Windows] and click [Next].
The License Agreement screen appears.
B Click [Yes, I agree to the provisions above and wish to continue!] and click 
[Next].
C Click [Reinstall Windows to the whole Hard Disk to factory default.] and click 
[Next].
D At the confirmation message, click [YES].
E Select language and OS (32bit or 64bit) on "Select OS" screen and click 
[OK].
The language setting will start by clicking [OK] on the confirmation screen.
You can return to the "Select OS" screen by clicking [Cancel].
The language and OS setting will be completed in about 15 minutes.
F When termination screen is displayed, click [OK] to turn off the computer.
G Turn on the computer.
CAUTION
z Carefully choose your language because you cannot change it later. If you set a 
wrong language, you need to reinstall Windows.
A Follow the on-screen instructions.
z The computer restarts several times. Do not touch the keyboard or touch 
pad, and wait until the drive indicator
  
has turned off.
z After the computer is turned on, the screen remains black or unchanged for 
a while, but this is not a malfunction. Wait for a moment until the Windows 
setup screen appears.
z During setup of Windows, use the touch pad and clicking to move the cursor 
and to click an item.
z Setup of Windows will take approximately 20 minutes.
Go to the next step, confirming each message on the display.
z “Join a wireless network” screen may not appear.
You can set the Wireless Network after the setup of Windows is complete.
<For MUI OS model>
z For some languages, the characters on the key and inputted character may 
not match. Set the keyboard properly after the setup is complete. Then set 
the password.
z Do not change the settings on the screen where you select a country or 
region. You can set a country, region or keyboard layout in [Clock, Lan-
guage, and Region] of [Control Panel] after the Windows setup is complete.
z Setup of Windows will take approximately 20 minutes. Go to the next step, 
confirming each message on the display.
CAUTION
z Wait until the drive indicator   has turned off.
z You can change the user name, password, image and Wireless Networks 
( ) / security setting ( ) after setup of Windows.
4 <For MUI OS model>
Select language and OS (32-bit or 64-bit).
5 Setup Windows.
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  15 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 16 ---
16
First-time Operation
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
z Do not use the following words for user name: CON, PRN, AUX, CLOCK$, NUL, 
COM1 to COM9, LPT1 to LPT9, @. In particular, if you create a user name 
(account name) that includes the “@” mark, a password will be requested at the 
log-on screen, even if no password has been set. If you try to log on without 
entering a password, “The user name or password is incorrect.” may be dis-
played and you will not be able to log on to Windows (Î page 26).
z Use standard characters as a computer name: numbers 0 through 9, uppercase 
and lowercase letters from A to Z, and the hyphen (-) character.
If the error message “The computer name is not valid” appears, check if charac-
ters other than the above are not entered. If the error message still remains on 
the display, set the key entry mode to English (“EN”) and enter characters.
z
The wallpaper for the first logon user has already been set on “
5
 Setup Windows.”.
When using this computer under the Sun, the screen becomes easily viewable 
by changing the wallpaper to the white wallpaper.
A Right-click on the desktop, and click [Personalize] - [Desktop Background].
B Select [Solid Colors] at [Picture Location].
C Select the white wallpaper and click [Save changes].
<For MUI OS model>
z When setting up the keyboard, choose the appropriate one to your computer. 
Otherwise, input by the keyboard may become unavailable.
z You cannot choose the following words for user name and password: CON, 
PRN, AUX, CLOCK$, NUL, COM1 to COM9, LPT1 to LPT9.
z When you set date/time/time zone and click [Next], the screen may not go to the 
next step for a few minutes. Do not touch the keyboard or touch pad, and wait 
until the screen changes.
z If “An unexpected error has occurred …” (or a similar message) is displayed, 
click [OK]. This is not a malfunction.
z Wait until the drive indicator   has turned off.
<For MUI OS model>
z The keyboard will operate as the US keyboard until the keyboard setting is 
changed. Because of this, some alphabets shown on display may differ from 
inputted ones.
To avoid the accidental selections, during setting up Windows,
• Use the touch pad to make some selections.
• Press the NumLock key and input in the Ten-key mode to input numbers.
z To match the languages, change the language settings after setting up Windows 
(Î below). Do not change the settings in [To change system or these settings, 
click Customize] of [Regional and Language Options] during setting up Win-
dows.
<Languages installed in this computer>
6 <For MUI OS model>
Change the language settings.
• English • Arabic • Bulgarian • 
Chinese (Simplified) 
• Chinese (Traditional) • Croatian • Czech 
• Danish • Dutch • Estonian • Finnish
• French • German • Greek • Hebrew
• Hungarian • Italian • Japanese • Korean
• Latvian • Lithuanian • Norwegian • Polish
• Portuguese • Portuguese (Brazilian) • Romanian
• Russian • Slovak • Slovenian • Spanish
• Swedish • Thai • Turkish
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  16 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 17 ---
17
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
Change the language settings in the following menu.
[start] - [Control Panel] - [Date, Time, Language, and Regional Options] - [Regional 
and Language Options]
• [Regional Options] - [Standards and Formats]
• [Languages] - [Language used in menus and dialogs]
• [Languages] - [Details] - [Default input language]
• [Advanced] - [Language for non-unicode Programs]
NOTE
z When you use MUI OS and localized OS versions together on the same net-
work, use English computer names on localized versions of Windows.
z Some UI (User Interface) strings remain in English even if the user’s UI is set to 
another language.
z For more information, refer to “c:\windows\mui\relnotes.txt”.
If you change the language in [Languages] - [Language used in menus and dia-
logs], the desktop color will be changed when logging on to Windows next time.
The desktop color can be changed by following the procedure below. 
Click [start] - [Control Panel] - [Appearance and Themes] - [Display] - [Desktop] 
and select color from [Color], then click [OK].
z Before performing the calibration, close Tablet PC Input Panel.
NOTE
z At first, log on to Windows as an administrator and perform this calibration.
A
Click   (Start) - [Control Panel] - [Hardware and Sound] - [Tablet PC Setting].
B Click [Calibrate].
C Click [OK].
NOTE
z Perform the following calibration for each user.
A
Click   (Start) - [Control Panel] - [Hardware and Sound] - [Tablet PC Setting].
B Click [Calibrate].
C Click [OK].
z Perform the calibration for the orientation to be used.
A Click [start] - [All Programs] - 
[Fujitsu Touch Panel (USB)] - [Touch Screen Calibration 
Utility].
B Using the stylus, touch each of the “+” target marks one by one and then 
press 
Enter
.
C Press 
Enter
.
A Click [start] - [Control Panel] - [User Accounts] - [Create a new account].
Follow the on-screen instructions to create an account.
CAUTION
z Remember your password. If you forget the password, you cannot use the Win-
dows operation system. Creating a password reset disk beforehand is recom-
mended.
7 <Only for model with touchscreen>
Perform the touchscreen calibration.
8 Create a new account.
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  17 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 18 ---
18
First-time Operation
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
NOTE
z PC Information Viewer
This computer periodically records the management information of the hard disk, etc. The maximum data volume for 
each record is 1024 bytes. This information is only used for estimating the cause when the hard disk goes down by 
any possibility. They are never sent to outside via network nor used for any other purpose except for the purpose 
described the above.
To disable the function, add the check mark for [Disable the automatic save function for management information 
history] in [Hard Disk Status] of PC Information Viewer, and click [OK]. 
(Î  Reference Manual “Checking the Computer’s Usage Status”)
 When Starting Up/Shutting Down
Do not do the following
• Connecting or disconnecting the AC adaptor
• Pressing the power switch
• Touching the keyboard, touch pad, touchscreen (only for model with Touchscreen) or external mouse
• Closing the display
• Turn on/off the wireless switch
NOTE
z To conserve power, the following power saving methods are set at the time of purchase.
• The screen automatically turns off after 10 minutes
*2
 of inactivity.
• The computer automatically enters sleep
*3
after 20 minutes of inactivity.
*2
Windows XP :15 minutes
*3
Refer to   Reference Manual “Sleep and Hibernation Functions” about resuming from sleep
*4
*4
Windows XP :standby
 When Logging on to Windows
Do not log on to Windows by the Guest account.
 To change the partition structure
You can shrink a part of an existing partition to create unallocated disk space, from which you can create a new partition.
This computer has a single partition as default setting.
A Click   (Start) and right-click [Computer], then click [Manage].
z A standard user needs to enter an administrator password.
B Click [Disk Management].
C Right-click the partition for Windows (“c” drive in the default setting), and click [Shrink Volume].
z The partition size depends on the computer specifications.
D Input the size in [Enter the amount of space to shrink in MB] and click [Shrink].
z You cannot input a larger number than the displayed size.
z To select [Reinstall to the first 3 partitions.] in reinstalling Windows 7 (Î page 22), 30000 MB
*5
 or more is nec-
essary for [Total size after shrink in MB].
E Right-click [Unallocated] (the shrunk space in the step D) and click [New Simple Volume].
F Follow the on-screen instructions to make the settings, and click [Finish].
Wait until formatting is completed.
*5
For MUI OS model, 60000 MB or more is necessary.
NOTE
z You can create an additional partition using remaining unallocated space or newly creating unallocated space.
z To delete a partition, right-click the partition and click [Delete Volume] in the step C.
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  18 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 19 ---
19
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
On-screen Manual
You can access the Reference Manual on the computer screen.
 Reference Manual 
The Reference Manual contains the practical information to help you fully enjoy the computer’s performance.
To access the Reference Manual:
 Double-click   on the desktop.
z Alternatively click   (Start) - [All Programs] - [Panasonic] - [On-Line Manuals] - [Reference Manual].
 Click [start] - [Reference Manual].
 Important Tips 
The Important Tips will provide you with the battery information so that you can use the battery pack in the optimum 
condition to obtain longer operation time.
To access the Important Tips:
 Double-click   on the desktop.
z Alternatively click   (Start) - [All Programs] - [Panasonic] - [On-Line Manuals] - [Important Tips].
 Double-click   on the desktop.
z Alternatively click [start] - [All Programs] - [Panasonic] - [On-Line Manuals] - [Important Tips].
NOTE
z When you access the document of PDF format for the first time, the License Agreement of the Adobe Reader may 
be displayed. Read it carefully and select [Accept] to proceed.
z When Adobe Reader update notice is displayed, we recommend you follow the on-screen procedure and update. 
See http://www.adobe.com/ for the latest version of Adobe Reader.
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  19 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 20 ---
20
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
Handling and Maintenance
z Place the computer on a flat stable surface. Do not place the computer upright or turn it over. If the computer is 
exposed to an extremely strong impact, it may become damaged.
z Temperature: Operation  : <Model without HDD heater> 0 °C to 50 °C (IEC60068-2-1, 2)
*1
<Model with HDD heater> -10 °C to 50 °C (IEC60068-2-1, 2)
*1
Storage  : -20 °C to 60 °C
Humidity: Operation  : 30% to 80% RH (No condensation)
Storage : 30% to 90% RH (No condensation)
Even within the above temperature/humidity ranges, using for a long time in an extreme environment will result in 
the product deterioration and will shorten the product life.
*1
Do not expose the skin to this product when using the product in a hot or cold environment. (Î page 9)
If the computer is wet in temperatures of 0 °C or below, freeze damage may occur. Make sure to dry off the computer in such tem-
peratures.
z Do not place the computer in the following areas, otherwise the computer may be damaged.
• Near electronic equipment. Image distortion or noise may occur.
• In extremely high or low temperature.
z As the computer can become hot during operation, keep it away from items that are sensitive to heat.
This computer is designed to minimize shock to parts such as the LCD and the hard disk drive and equipped with a drip-
proof keyboard, but no warranty is provided against any trouble caused by shock. Be extremely careful when handling 
the computer.
z When carrying the computer:
• Turn off the computer.
• Remove all external devices, cables, PC Cards and other protruding objects.
• Remove a disc in the CD/DVD drive.
• Do not drop or hit the computer against solid objects.
• Do not leave the display open.
• Do not grip the display part.
z Do not put anything (e.g., a piece of paper) between the display and keyboard.
z When you board an airplane, take the computer with you and never put it in your checked luggage. When using the 
computer on airplane, follow the airline’s instructions.
z When carrying a spare battery, put it in a plastic bag to protect its terminals.
z The touch pad is designed to be used by finger tip. Do not place any object on its surface and do not press down 
strongly with sharp-pointed or hard objects that may leave marks (e.g., nails, pencils and ball point pens).
z Avoid any harmful substances such as oil from getting into the touch pad. The cursor may not work correctly.
z Be careful not to get injured by dropping or getting hit when carrying the computer.
<Only for model with touchscreen>
z Use only the included stylus to touch the touchscreen. Do not place any object on its surface and do not press down 
strongly with sharp-pointed or hard objects that may leave marks (e.g., nails, pencils and ball point pens).
z Do not use the touchscreen when dust or dirt (e.g., oil) is on the screen. Otherwise foreign particles on the screen/
stylus can scratch the screen surface or obstruct the stylus operation.
z Use the stylus only for touching the screen. Using it for any other purpose may damage the stylus and result in 
scratches on the screen.
 When using peripheral devices
Follow these instructions and the Reference Manual to avoid any damage to the devices. Carefully read the instruction 
manuals of the peripheral devices.
z Use the peripheral devices conforming to the computer’s specifications.
z Connect to the connectors in the correct direction.
z If it is hard to insert, do not try forcibly but check the connector’s shape, direction, alignment of pins, etc.
z If screws are included, fasten them securely.
z Remove the cables when you carry the computer. Do not pull the cables forcibly.
 Preventing your computer from unauthorized use via wireless LAN/Bluetooth/Wireless WAN
<Only for model with wireless LAN/Bluetooth/Wireless WAN>
z
Before using wireless LAN/Bluetooth/Wireless WAN, make the appropriate security settings such as data encryption.
Operation Environment
Handling Cautions
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  20 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 21 ---
21
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
To clean the LCD panel
<Only for model with touchscreen>
Use the soft cloth included with the computer. (For further information, refer to “Suggestions About Cleaning the LCD 
Surface” Î  Reference Manual “Touchscreen”.)
<Only for model without touchscreen>
Wipe with a soft dry cloth such as gauze.
To clean areas other than the LCD panel
Wipe with a soft dry cloth such as gauze. When using detergent, dip a soft cloth in water-diluted detergent and wring it 
thoroughly. 
CAUTION
z Do not use benzene, thinner, or rubbing alcohol since it may adversely affect the surface causing discoloration, etc. 
Do not use commercially-available household cleaners and cosmetics, as they may contain components harmful to 
the surface.
z Do not apply water or detergent directly to the computer, since liquid may enter inside of the computer and cause 
malfunction or damage.
Maintenance
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  21 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 22 ---
22
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
Reinstalling Software
CAUTION
Do not delete the recovery partition on the hard disk.
The disk space in the partition is not available to store data.
 Hard Disk Recovery
Preparation
z Remove all peripherals.
z Connect the AC adaptor and do not remove it until reinstallation is complete.
1 Turn on the computer, and press 
F2
 or 
Del
 while [Panasonic] boot screen is displayed.
The Setup Utility starts up.
z If the password is requested, enter the Supervisor Password.
2 Write down all of the contents of the Setup Utility and press 
F9
.
At the confirmation message, select [Yes] and press 
Enter
.
3 Press 
F10
.
At the confirmation message, select [Yes] and press 
Enter
.
Computer will restart.
4 Press 
F2
 or 
Del
 while [Panasonic] boot screen is displayed.
The Setup Utility starts up.
z If the password is requested, enter the Supervisor Password.
5 Select the [Exit] menu, then select [Repair Your Computer] and press 
Enter
.
6 Click [Reinstall Windows] and click [Next].
The License Agreement screen appears.
7 Click [Yes, I agree to the provisions above and wish to continue!] and click [Next].
8 Select the settings and click [Next].
z [Reinstall Windows to the whole Hard Disk to factory default.]
Select this option when you want to reinstall Windows to the factory default. After reinstallation, you can cre-
ate a new partition. For how to create a new partition, refer to “To change the partition structure” (Î page 18).
z [Reinstall to the System and OS partitions.]
*1
Select this option when the hard disk has already been divided into several partitions. For how to create a new 
partition, refer to “To change the partition structure” (Î page 18).
You can keep the partition structure.
*1
This does not appear if Windows cannot be reinstalled to the partition containing boot files and the area usable by Windows.
9 At the confirmation message, click [YES].
10 <For model with localized OS>
Select OS (32bit or 64bit) and click [OK].
<For model with MUI OS>
Select language and OS (32bit or 64bit), then click [OK].
11 At the confirmation message, click [OK].
Reinstallation starts according to the instructions on the screen.
z Do not interrupt reinstallation, for example by turning off the computer. Otherwise reinstallation may become 
unavailable as Windows may not start up or the data may be corrupted.
12 When termination screen is displayed, click [OK] to turn off the computer.
13 Turn on the computer.
z If the password is requested, enter the Supervisor Password.
14 Perform the “First-time Operation” (Î page 15).
15 Start the Setup Utility and change the settings as necessary.
16 Perform Windows Update.
Reinstalling software will return the computer to the default condition. When you reinstall the software, the hard disk 
data will be erased.
Back up important data to other media or an external hard disk before reinstallation.
Area usable by Windows
Hard disk
Recovery partition
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  22 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 23 ---
23
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
 Using Recovery Disc
Use the Recovery Disc for reinstallation in the following conditions.
• You have forgotten the administrator password.
• Reinstallation is not complete. The recovery partition may be broken.
NOTE
• When you reinstall OS using the Recovery Disc, OS which was installed as the factory default will be installed. To 
change OS from 32-bit to 64-bit, or vice versa, reinstall OS using the recovery partition in the hard disk.
Preparation
z Prepare the Recovery Disc (Î  Reference Manual “Recovery Disc Creation Utility”)
z Remove all peripherals.
z Connect the AC adaptor and do not remove it until reinstallation is complete.
1 Turn on the computer, and press 
F2
 or 
Del
 while [Panasonic] boot screen is displayed.
The Setup Utility starts up.
z If the password is requested, enter the Supervisor Password.
2 Write down all of the contents of the Setup Utility and press 
F9
.
At the confirmation message, select [Yes] and press 
Enter
.
3 Press 
F10
.
At the confirmation message, select [Yes] and press 
Enter
.
Computer will restart.
4 Press 
F2
 or 
Del
 while [Panasonic] boot screen is displayed.
The Setup Utility starts up.
z If the password is requested, enter the Supervisor Password.
5 Set the Recovery Disc into the CD/DVD drive.
6 Select the [Exit] menu, then select [Slimtype DVD...] in [Boot Override].
7 Press 
Enter
.
The computer will restart.
8 Click [Reinstall Windows] and click [Next].
The License Agreement screen appears.
9 Click [Yes, I agree to the provisions above and wish to continue!] and click [Next].
10 Select the settings and click [Next].
z [Reinstall Windows to the whole Hard Disk to factory default.]
Select this option when you want to reinstall Windows to the factory default. After reinstallation, you can cre-
ate a new partition. For how to create a new partition, refer to “To change the partition structure” (Î page 18).
z [Reinstall to the first 3 partitions.]
*2
Select this option when the hard disk has already been divided into several partitions. For how to create a new 
partition, refer to “To change the partition structure” (Î page 18).
You can keep the partition structure.
*2
This does not appear if Windows cannot be reinstalled to the partition containing boot files and the area usable by Win-
dows.
11 At the confirmation message, click [YES].
Reinstallation starts. (It will take approximately 50-70 minutes.)
According to the screen, replace the Recovery Disc.
z Do not interrupt reinstallation, for example by turning off the computer. Otherwise reinstallation may become 
unavailable as Windows may not start up or the data may be corrupted.
12 When termination screen is displayed, remove the Recovery Disc, and then click [OK] 
to turn off the computer.
13 Turn on the computer.
z If the password is requested, enter the Supervisor Password.
14 Perform the “First-time Operation” (Î page 15).
15 Start the Setup Utility and change the settings as necessary.
16 Perform Windows Update.
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  23 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 24 ---
24
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
Troubleshooting (Basic)
Follow the instructions below when a problem has occurred. There is also an advanced troubleshooting guide in the 
“Reference Manual”. For a software problem, refer to the software’s instruction manual. If the problem persists, contact 
Panasonic Technical Support. You can also check the computer’s status in the PC Information Viewer (Î  Refer-
ence Manual “Checking the Computer’s Usage Status”).
 Starting Up
Cannot start up.
The power indicator or bat-
tery indicator is not lit.
z Connect the AC adaptor.
z Insert a fully charged battery.
z Remove the battery pack and the AC adaptor, then connect them again. 
z Even if the AC adaptor and battery pack are correctly connected, if the battery indi-
cator is not lit, the AC adaptor protection function may be operating. Disconnect the 
AC cord, wait three minutes or more, and reconnect the AC cord.
z If a device is connected to the USB port, disconnect the device, or set [USB Port] or 
[Legacy USB Support] to [Disabled] in the [Advanced] menu of the Setup Utility.
z If a device is connected to the ExpressCard slot, disconnect the device, or set [Express-
Card Slot] to [Disabled] in the [Advanced] menu of the Setup Utility.
The power is turned on but 
“Warming up the system (up 
to 30 minutes)” appears.
z The computer is warming up before start up. Wait for the computer to start up (takes 
up to 30 minutes). If, “Cannot warm up the system” is displayed, the computer failed 
to warm up and does not start. In this case, turn off the computer, leave it in an envi-
ronment of 5 °C or higher temperature for about an hour, and then turn on the power 
once more.
Cannot turn on the computer.
The computer does not 
resume from sleep 
( )/standby 
(
)
.
(The power indicator blinks 
quickly in green.)
z Leave it in an environment of 5 °C or higher temperature for about an hour, then turn 
on the power once more.
After adding or changing the 
RAM module, the power is 
turned on but nothing is 
displayed on the screen.
z Turn off the computer and remove the RAM module, then confirm whether the RAM 
module has conformed to specification. When the RAM module has conformed to 
specification, install it again.
The computer does not enter 
sleep mode while the screen 
saver is running (The screen 
stays black).
z Press and hold the power switch for four seconds or longer to shut down the com-
puter forcibly. (Data not saved will be lost.) Then disable the screen saver.
It takes time for the power 
indicator to light up.
z If the power switch is pressed immediately after the battery pack has been mounted 
on the computer, and while the AC adaptor is not connected, it may take about five 
seconds before the power indicator lights up and the computer turns on. This is 
because the computer is checking the remaining battery charge; it is not a malfunc-
tion.
You have forgotten the 
password.
z Supervisor Password or User Password: Contact Panasonic Technical Support.
z Administrator password: 
• If you have a password reset disk, you can reset the administrator password. Set 
the disk and enter any wrong password, then follow the on-screen instructions and 
set a new password.
• If you do not have a password reset disk, reinstall (Î page 22) and set up Win-
dows, and then set a new password.
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  24 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 25 ---
25
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
“Remove disks or other 
media. Press any key to 
restart” or a similar mes-
sage appears.
z A floppy disk in the drive or USB memory is connected, and it does not contain sys-
tem startup information. Remove the floppy disk and USB memory, then press any 
key.
z If a device is connected to the USB port, disconnect the device, or set [USB Port] or 
[Legacy USB Support] to [Disabled] in the [Advanced] menu of the Setup Utility.
z If a device is connected to the ExpressCard slot, disconnect the device, or set [Express-
Card Slot] to [Disabled] in the [Advanced] menu of the Setup Utility.
z
<Only for model with ExpressCard slot>
If the problem persists after removing the disk, it may be a hard disk failure. Contact 
Panasonic Technical Support.
Windows startup and opera-
tion is slow.
z Press 
F9
 in the Setup Utility (Î  Reference Manual “Setup Utility”) to return the 
Setup Utility settings (excluding the passwords) to the default values. Start the 
Setup Utility and make the settings again. (Note that the processing speed depends 
on the application software, so this procedure may not make Windows faster.)
z If you installed a resident software after purchase, turn off the residence.
z  Disable Indexing Service in the following menu.
Click [start] - [Search] - [Change preferences] - [Without Indexing Service (for faster 
local searches)].
The date and time are incor-
rect.
z Make the correct settings. 
Click   (Start) - [Control Panel] - [Clock, Language, and Region] - 
[Date and Time].
Click [start] - [Control Panel] - [Date, Time, Language, and Regional 
Options] - [Date and Time].
z If the problem persists, the internal clock battery may need to be replaced. Contact 
Panasonic Technical Support.
z When the computer is connected to LAN, check the date and time of the server.
z The 2100 A.D. or later year will not be correctly recognized on this computer.
[Executing Battery Recali-
bration] screen appears.
z The Battery Recalibration was canceled before Windows was shut down last time. 
To start up Windows, turn off the computer by the power switch, and then turn on.
[Enter Password] does not 
appear when resuming from 
sleep (
)
/
standby 
()/
hibernation.
z
Select [Enabled] in [Password On Resume] in the [Security] menu of the Setup Utility 
(Î  Reference Manual “Setup Utility”).
z The Windows password can be used instead of the password set in the Setup Utility.
 
A Click   (Start) - [Control Panel] - [User Accounts and Family Safety] - [Add or 
remove user accounts] and select the account, and set the password.
B Click   (Start) - [Control Panel] - [System and Security] - [Power Options] - 
[Require a password on wakeup] and add a check mark for [Require a 
password].
 
A Click [start] - [Control Panel] - [User Accounts] and select the account, and set 
the password.
B Click [start] - [Control Panel] - [Performance and Maintenance] - [Power Options] 
- [Advanced] and add a check mark for [Prompt for password when computer 
resumes from standby].
Cannot resume.
z An error may occur when the computer automatically enters the sleep or hibernation 
mode while the screen saver is active. In this case, turn off the screen saver or change 
the pattern of the screen saver.
 Starting Up
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  25 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 26 ---
26
Troubleshooting (Basic)
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
Other startup problems.
z Press 
F9
 in the Setup Utility (Î  Reference Manual “Setup Utility”) to return the 
Setup Utility settings (excluding the passwords) to the default values. Start the 
Setup Utility and make the settings again.
z Remove all peripheral devices.
z Check to see if there was a disk error.
 
A Remove all peripheral devices including an external display.
B
Click   (Start) - [Computer] and right-click [Local Disk (C:)], and click [Properties].
C Click [Tools] - [Check Now...].
• A standard user needs to enter an administrator password.
D Select the option in [Check disk options] and click [Start].
E Click [Schedule disk check] and restart the computer.
 
A Click [start] - [My Computer] and right-click [Local Disk(C:)], and click [Proper-
ties].
B Click [Tools] - [Check Now].
C Select the option in [Check disk options] and click [Start].
z Start the computer in Safe Mode and check the error details. When the [Panasonic] 
boot screen disappears
*1
 at startup, press and hold 
F8
 until the Windows Advanced 
Options Menu is displayed. Select the Safe Mode and press 
Enter
.
*1
When [Password on boot] is set to [Enabled] in the [Security] menu of the Setup 
Utility, [Enter Password] appears after the [Panasonic] boot screen disappears. As 
soon as you enter the password and press 
Enter
, press and hold 
F8
.
 Entering Password
Even after entering the 
password, password input 
screen is displayed again.
z The computer may be in ten-key mode.
If the NumLk indicator   lights, press 
NumLk
 to disable the ten-key mode, and then 
input.
z The computer may be in Caps Lock mode.
If the Caps Lock indicator   lights, press 
Caps Lock
 to disable the Caps Lock 
mode, and then input.
Cannot log on to Windows. 
(“The user name or pass-
word is incorrect” is dis-
played.)
z The user name (account name) includes an “@” mark.
If another user account exists:
Log on to Windows using another user account, and delete the account that 
includes “@”. Then create a new account.
If no other account exists:
You need to reinstall Windows (Î page 22).
 Shutting down
Windows does not shut 
down.
z Remove the USB device and the ExpressCard.
z Wait one or two minutes. It is not a malfunction.
 Display
No display.
z The external display is selected. Press 
Fn
 + 
F3
 or   + 
P
*2
 to switch the display. 
Wait until the display has been switched completely before pressing 
Fn
 + 
F3
 or 
+
P
*2
 again.
z When using an external display,
• Check the cable connection.
• Turn on the display.
• Check the settings of external display.
z The display is turned off by the power-saving function. To resume, do not press the 
direct selection keys, but press any other key like 
Ctrl
.
z The computer entered 
sleep (
)
 /standby (
) or hibernation 
by the power-saving function. To resume, press the power switch.
*2
Windows 7 only
 Starting Up
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  26 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 27 ---
27
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
The screen is dark.
z
The screen is darker when the AC adaptor is not connected. Press 
Fn
 + 
F2
 and adjust 
the brightness. As you increase the brightness, battery consumption increases.
You can separately set the brightness for when the AC adaptor is connected and 
when not connected.
z Press 
Fn
 + 
F8
 to turn off the concealed mode.
The screen is disordered. z Changing the number of display colors and resolution may affect the screen. Restart 
the computer.
z Connecting/disconnecting an external display may affect the screen. Restart the 
computer.
z Resuming from 
sleep (
)
 /standby (
) or hibernation may 
affect the screen of the external display. Restart the computer.
During Simultaneous dis-
play, one of the screens 
becomes disordered.
z When using the Extended Desktop, use the same display colors for the external dis-
play as those used by the LCD.
If you continue to experience problems, try changing the display. 
 
Right-click on the desktop, and click [Graphics Properties...] - [Display].
 
Click [start] - [Control Panel] - [Other Control Panel Options] - [Intel(R) Graphics and 
Media] - [Display].
z Simultaneous display cannot be used until Windows startup is complete (during 
Setup Utility, etc.).
 
z When the [Command Prompt] is set to “Full Screen” by pressing 
Alt
 + 
Enter
, the 
picture is displayed on one of the screens only. When the window display is restored 
by pressing 
Alt
 + 
Enter
, the picture is displayed on both screens.
The external display does 
not work normally.
z
If the external display does not support the power saving function, it may not work nor-
mally when the computer enters the power saving mode. Turn off the external display.
 Touch Pad / Touchscreen (only for model with touchscreen)
The cursor does not work. z When using the external mouse, connect it correctly.
z Restart the computer using the keyboard. 
 
Press   and press Î
 twice, and press Ï to select [Restart] and press 
Enter
.
 
Press , 
U
, and 
R
 to select [Restart].
z If the computer does not respond to keyboard commands, read “No response.” 
(Î page 28).
Cannot input using the 
touch pad.
z Set [Touch Pad] to [Enabled] in the [Main] menu of the Setup Utility.
z The drivers for some mice may disable the touch pad. Check your mouse’s operat-
ing instructions.
<Only for model with touch 
screen>
Cannot input using the 
touchscreen.
 
z Set [Touchscreen Mode] to [Auto] or [Tablet] in the [Main] menu of the Setup Utility.
 
z Set [Touchscreen Mode] to [Auto] or [Touchscreen Mode] in the [Main] menu of the 
Setup Utility.
Cannot point the correct 
position using the included 
stylus.
z Perform the touchscreen calibration (Î page 17).
 Display
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  27 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 28 ---
28
Troubleshooting (Basic)
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
 On-screen Document
The document of PDF for-
mat is not displayed.
z Install Adobe Reader.
A Log on to Windows as an administrator.
B  
Click   (Start) and input “c:\util\reader\setup.exe” in [Search programs and files] 
then press 
Enter
.
 
Click [start] - [Run], input [c:\util\reader\setup.exe], then click [OK].
C Update Adobe Reader to its latest version.
If your computer is connected to the internet, start up Adobe Reader and click 
[Help] - [Check for Updates...].
 CD/DVD Drive
The tray does not come out 
although inserting a pointed 
object to the emergency 
hole.
z A pin of 1.3 mm in diameter is recommended to 
remove a disc using the emergency hole (A). When 
the diameter of the pin is smaller than this, insert the 
pin slightly downward.
 Others
No response. z Press 
Ctrl
+
Shift
+
Esc
 to open Task Manager and close the software application 
that is not responding.
z An input screen (e.g., password input screen at startup) may be hidden behind 
another window. Press 
Alt
+
Tab
 to check.
z Press the power switch for four seconds or longer to shut down the computer, and 
then press the power switch to turn it on. If the application program does not work 
normally, uninstall and reinstall the program. To uninstall, 
 
click   (Start) - [Control Panel] - [Uninstall a program].
 
click [start] - [Control Panel] - [Add or Remove Programs].
Cannot enter characters 
correctly.
z Select the same language setting for Windows and the internal keyboard 
(Î page 16).
A
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  28 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 29 ---
29
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
LIMITED USE LICENSE AGREEMENT
THE SOFTWARE PROGRAM(S) (“PROGRAMS”) FURNISHED WITH THIS PANASONIC PRODUCT (“PRODUCT”) 
ARE LICENSED ONLY TO THE END-USER (“YOU”), AND MAY BE USED BY YOU ONLY IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THE LICENSE TERMS DESCRIBED BELOW. YOUR USE OF THE PROGRAMS SHALL BE CONCLUSIVELY 
DEEMED TO CONSTITUTE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE.
Panasonic Corporation has developed or otherwise obtained the Programs and hereby licenses their use to you. You 
assume sole responsibility for the selection of the Product (including the associated Programs) to achieve your intended 
results, and for the installation, use and results obtained therefrom.
LICENSE
A. Panasonic Corporation hereby grants you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive right and license to use 
the Programs in accordance with the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement. You acknowledge that you are 
receiving only a LIMITED LICENSE TO USE the Programs and related documentation and that you shall obtain no 
title, ownership nor any other rights in or to the Programs and related documentation nor in or to the algorithms, con-
cepts, designs and ideas represented by or incorporated in the Programs and related documentation, all of which 
title, ownership and rights shall remain with Panasonic Corporation or its suppliers.
B. You may use the Programs only on the single Product which was accompanied by the Programs.
C. You and your employees and agents are required to protect the confidentiality of the Programs. You may not distrib-
ute or otherwise make the Programs or related documentation available to any third party, by time-sharing or other-
wise, without the prior written consent of Panasonic Corporation.
D. You may not copy or reproduce, or permit to be copied or reproduced, the Programs or related documentation for 
any purpose, except that you may make one (1) copy of the Programs for backup purposes only in support of your 
use of the Programs on the single Product which was accompanied by the Programs. You shall not modify, or 
attempt to modify, the Programs.
E. You may transfer the Programs and license them to another party only in connection with your transfer of the single 
Product which was accompanied by the Programs to such other party. At the time of such a transfer, you must also 
transfer all copies, whether in printed or machine readable form, of every Program, and the related documentation, 
to the same party or destroy any such copies not so transferred.
F. You may not remove any copyright, trademark or other notice or product identification from the Programs and you 
must reproduce and include any such notice or product identification on any copy of any Program.
YOU MAY NOT REVERSE ASSEMBLE, REVERSE COMPILE, OR MECHANICALLY OR ELECTRONICALLY TRACE 
THE PROGRAMS, OR ANY COPY THEREOF, IN WHOLE OR IN PART.
YOU MAY NOT USE, COPY, MODIFY, ALTER, OR TRANSFER THE PROGRAMS OR ANY COPY THEREOF, IN 
WHOLE OR IN PART, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THE LICENSE.
IF YOU TRANSFER POSSESSION OF ANY COPY OF ANY PROGRAM TO ANOTHER PARTY, EXCEPT AS PER-
MITTED IN PARAGRAPH E ABOVE, YOUR LICENSE IS AUTOMATICALLY TERMINATED.
TERM
This license is effective only for so long as you own or lease the Product, unless earlier terminated. You may terminate 
this license at any time by destroying, at your expense, the Programs and related documentation together with all cop-
ies thereof in any form. This license will also terminate effective immediately upon occurrence of the conditions thereof 
set forth elsewhere in this Agreement, or if you fail to comply with any term or condition contained herein. Upon any 
such termination, you agree to destroy, at your expense, the Programs and related documentation together with all cop-
ies thereof in any form.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT, UNDERSTAND IT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND 
BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS. YOU FURTHER AGREE THAT IT IS THE COMPLETE AND EXCLUSIVE STATE-
MENT OF THE AGREEMENT BETWEEN US, WHICH SUPERSEDES ANY PROPOSAL OR PRIOR AGREEMENT, 
ORAL OR WRITTEN, AND ANY OTHER COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN US, RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MAT-
TER OF THIS AGREEMENT.
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  29 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 30 ---
30
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
Specifications
This page provides the specifications for the basic model. The model number is different according to the unit configu-
ration.
z To check the model number:
Check the bottom of the computer or the box the computer came in at the time of purchase.
z To check CPU speed, memory size and the hard disk drive (HDD) size:
Run the Setup Utility (Î  Reference Manual “Setup Utility”) and select [Information] menu.
[Processor Speed]: CPU speed, [Memory Size]: Memory size, [Hard Disk]: Hard disk drive size
 Main Specifications
Model No. CF-53AACZYDE CF-53ASCZYDE
CPU
Intel
®
 Core i5-2520M
(2.5 GHz, Intel
®
 Smart Cache 3 MB
*1
)
Chip Set
Intel
®
 6 Series Express Chipsets QM67
Video controller Built-in Chip Set
Main Memory
*2
4 GB
*1
, DDR3 SDRAM (8 GB
*1
 Max.)
Video Memory
 UMA (<32-bit> 1428 MB
*1
 Max., <64-bit> 1696 
MB
*1
 Max.)
*3
 UMA (1024 
MB
*1
 Max.)
*3
Hard Disk Drive
320 GB
*4
 (Serial ATA)
 : Approx. 10 GB
*4
 is used as a partition with recovery tools. (Users cannot use 
this partition.)
CD/DVD drive DVD MULTI Drive built-in, Buffer underrun error prevention function: Supported, Zero Power 
ODD: Supported
Continuous 
Data Transfer 
Speed
*5*6
Reading
*7
z
DVD-RAM
*8
: 5X (Max.) 
z
DVD-R
*9
: 8X (Max.) 
z
DVD-R DL: 8X (Max.) 
z
DVD-RW: 8X (Max.) 
z
DVD-ROM: 8X (Max.) 
z
+R: 8X (Max.) 
z
+R DL: 8X (Max.) 
z
+RW: 8X (Max.) 
z
High Speed +RW: 
8X (Max.) 
z
CD-ROM: 24X (Max.) 
z
CD-R: 24X (Max.) 
z
CD-RW: 24X (Max.) 
z
High-Speed CD-RW: 
24X (Max.) 
z
Ultra-Speed CD-RW: 24X (Max.)
Writing
*10
z
DVD-RAM
*8
: 5X 
(Max.)
 
z
DVD-R
*9
: 8X 
(Max.) 
z
DVD-R DL: 6X 
(Max.) 
z
DVD-RW: 6X 
(Max.) 
z
+R: 8X 
(Max.) 
z
+R DL: 6X 
(Max.) 
z
+RW: 4X 
(Max.) 
z
High Speed +RW: 8X 
(Max.) 
z
CD-R: 24X 
(Max.) 
z
CD-RW: 4X 
z
High-Speed CD-RW: 10X 
z
Ultra-Speed CD-RW: 16X 
(Max.) 
Supported 
Discs/
Format
Reading
z
DVD-ROM (Single Layer, Dual Layer) 
z
DVD-Video 
z
DVD-R
*9
 (1.4 
GB
, 3.95 
GB
, 4.7 
GB
)
*4
 
z
DVD-R DL (8.5 
GB
)
*4
 
z
DVD-RW (Ver.1.1/1.2 1.4 
GB
, 2.8 
GB
, 4.7 
GB
, 9.4 
GB
)
*4
 
z
DVD-RAM
*8
 
(1.4 
GB
, 2.6 
GB
, 2.8 
GB
, 4.7 
GB
, 5.2 
GB
, 9.4 
GB
)
*4
 
z
+R (4.7 
GB
)
*4
 
z
+R DL (8.5 
GB
)
*4
 
z
+RW 
(4.7 
GB
)
*4
 
z
High Speed +RW (4.7 
GB
)
*4
 
z
CD-Audio 
z
CD-ROM (XA compatible) 
z
CD-R 
z
Photo 
CD (multiple session compatible) 
z
Video CD 
z
CD-EXTRA 
z
CD-RW 
z
High-Speed CD-RW 
z
Ul-
tra-Speed CD-RW 
z
CD-TEXT
Writing
zDVD-RAM
*8
 (1.4 GB, 2.8 GB, 4.7 GB, 9.4 GB)
*4
 zDVD-R (1.4 GB, 4.7 GB for General)
*4
 
zDVD-R DL (8.5 GB)
*4
 zDVD-RW (Ver.1.1/1.2 1.4 GB, 2.8 GB, 4.7 GB, 9.4 GB)
*4
 z+R (4.7 
GB)
*4
 z+R DL (8.5 GB)
*4
 z+RW (4.7 GB)
*4
 
z
High Speed +RW (4.7 
GB
)
*4
 
zCD-R zCD-RW
 
z
High-Speed CD-RW 
z
Ultra-Speed CD-RW 
Display Method
14 type (TFT) (1366 
× 768 dots) 14 type with Touchscreen (TFT) (1366 × 768 
dots)
Internal LCD 65,536/16,777,216 colors 
(800 
× 600 dots / 1024 × 768 dots / 1280 × 600 dots / 1280 × 720 dots / 1280 × 768 dots / 
1360 
× 768 dots / 1366 × 768 dots)
*11
External Display
*12
65,536 / 16,777,216 colors (800 × 600 dots / 1024 × 768 dots / 1280 × 768 dots / 1600 × 1200 
dots / 1920 
× 1080 dots / 1920 × 1200 dots)
Wireless LAN
*13
Intel
®
 Centrino
®
 Advanced-N 6205 (Î page 32)
Bluetooth
*14
Î page 32
Wireless WAN
*15
Ericsson F5521gw (Î page 32)
LAN IEEE 802.3 10Base-T / IEEE 802.3u 100BASE-TX / IEEE 802.3ab 1000BASE-T
(2nd LAN
*16
: IEEE 802.3 10BASE-T, IEEE 802.3u 100BASE-TX)
Modem
*17
Data: 56 kbps (V.92) FAX: 14.4 kbps
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  30 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 31 ---
31
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
Sound
WAVE and MIDI playback, Intel
®
 High Definition Audio subsystem support
Security Chip
TPM (TCG V1.2 compliant)
*18
Card 
Slots
PC Card Slot
x 1
*19
 or 2
*20
,
 Type 
I
 or Type 
II
, Allowable current 3.3 
V
: 400 
mA
, 5 
V
: 400 
mA
ExpressCard Slot
*19
x 1, ExpressCard/34 or ExpressCard/54
SD Memory Card 
Slot
*21
x 1 
Contact Smart Card 
Slot
*22
x 1
RAM Module Slot x 2, DDR3 SDRAM, 204-pin, 1.5 V, SO-DIMM, PC3-10600 Compliant
Interface
USB Ports x 4 (4-pin, USB 2.0 x 3 + USB 3.0 x 1)
*23
/ Serial Port (Dsub 9-pin male) / Modem 
Port (RJ-11)
*17
 / LAN Port (RJ-45) x 1
*24
 or 2
*16
 /VGA Port (Mini Dsub 15-pin female) / HDMI 
Port (Type A)
*25
 / IEEE1394a Interface Connector (4-pin)
*26
 / Microphone Jack (Miniature jack, 
3.5 DIA) / Headphone Jack (Miniature jack, 3.5 DIA, Impedance 32 Ω, Output Power 4 mW × 2, 
Stereo) / Expansion Bus Connector (Dedicated 100-pin female)
Keyboard / Pointing Device 87 or 88 keys / Touch Pad 87 or 88 keys / Touch Pad, Touchscreen
Fingerprint Reader
*27
Array Size : 192 x 4 pixels, Image Size : 192 x 512 pixels, Image Resolution : 508 DPI
Web Camera
*28
1280 × 1024 dots, 30 fps
Power Supply AC adaptor or Battery pack
AC Adaptor Input: 100 V - 240 V AC, 50 Hz/60 Hz, Output: 15.6 V DC, 7.05 A
Battery Pack Li-ion 10.8 V, Typical 6750 
mAh
 / Minimum 6300 
mAh
Operating Time
*29
Approx. 10 hours
Charging Time
*30
Approx. 2 hours
Power Consumption
*31
Approx. 30 W
*32
/ Approx. 100 W (maximum when recharging in the ON state)
Physical Dimensions (W × D × 
H)
(including the carrying handle)
340 mm 
× 281 mm × 46 - 55 mm
Weight
(including the carrying handle)
Approx. 2.65 kg Approx. 2.95 kg
Envi-
ronment
Oper-
ating
Temperature
<Model without HDD heater> 0 °C to 50 °C (IEC60068-2-1, 2)
*33
<Model with HDD heater> -10 °C to 50 °C (IEC60068-2-1, 2)
*33
Humidity 30% to 80% RH (No condensation)
Stor-
age
Temperature -20 °C to 60 °C
Humidity 30% to 90% RH (No condensation)
 Software
Base OS
Genuine Windows
®
 7 Professional
Installed OS
*34
Genuine Windows
®
 7 Professional 32-bit Service Pack 1 / Genuine Windows
®
 7 Professional 
64-bit Service Pack 1
Genuine Windows
®
 XP Professional Service Pack 3
*35
Pre-installed Software
*34
Adobe Reader, PC Information Viewer, Loupe Utility, Intel
®
 PROSet/Wireless Software
*13
, Blue-
tooth™ Stack for Windows
®
 by TOSHIBA
*14
, Wireless Switch Utility, Wireless Connection Dis-
able Utility
*13
 
*15
 
*36
, Hotkey Settings, Battery Recalibration Utility, Infineon TPM Professional 
Package
*18
 
*36
, Protector Suite QL
*27
 
*36
, Aptio Setup Utility, PC-Diagnostic Utility, Roxio Cre-
ator LJB, WinDVD
®
 2010 (OEM Version), Wireless WAN Connection Manager
*15
, Display 
Selector, Concealed Mode Utility
Recovery Disc Creation Utility, Hard Disk Data Erase Utility
*37
Icon Enlarger
 Main Specifications
Model No. CF-53AACZYDE CF-53ASCZYDE
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  31 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 32 ---
32
Specifications
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
*1
1 KB = 1,024 bytes / 1 MB = 1,048,576 bytes / 
1 GB = 1,073,741,824 bytes
*2
Memory size of the factory default depends on the model.
You can physically expand the memory up to 8 
GB
, but the 
total amount of usable memory available will be less depend-
ing on the actual system configuration.
*3
A segment of the main memory is allotted automatically 
depending on the computer’s operating status. The size of 
the Video Memory cannot be set by the user. The size of 
Video memory is allotted depending on the operating system.
*4
1 GB = 1,000,000,000 bytes. Your operating system or some 
application software will report as fewer GB.
*5
Data transfer speeds indicate values measured by Pana-
sonic Corporation. The data transfer rate of DVD per 1X 
speed is 1,350 KB/s. The data transfer rate of CD per 1X 
speed is 150 KB/s.
*6
Performance of CD-R, CD-RW, DVD-RAM, DVD-R, DVD-R 
DL, DVD-RW, +R, +R DL, and +RW cannot be guaranteed 
depending on writing status and recording format. Also, 
some data cannot be played back depending on the disc, 
settings, and environment being used. 
*7
If an unbalanced disc (e.g., a disc with which the balance 
has been displaced from the center) is inserted, the speed 
may become slower if there are large vibrations while the 
disc is rotating.
*8
Only non-cartridge type or removable cartridge type can be 
used.
*9
DVD-R is compatible with 4.7 GB (for General) playback. 
DVD-R (for Authoring) playback is compatible with discs 
recorded using Disc-at-Once recording.
*10
Depending on the disc, the writing speed may become 
slower.
*11
A 16,777,216 color display is achieved by using the dithering 
function.
*12
Display may be impossible using some connected external 
displays.
 Wireless LAN <Only for model with wireless LAN>
Data Transfer Rates
IEEE802.11a : 54/48/36/24/18/12/9/6 Mbps (automatically switched)
*38
IEEE802.11b : 11/5.5/2/1 Mbps (automatically switched)
*38
IEEE802.11g : 54/48/36/24/18/12/9/6 Mbps (automatically switched)
*38
IEEE802.11n
*39
 : (HT20)GI
*40
 = 400ns:
130/115/86/72/65/57/43/28/21/14/7 
Mbps
 (automati-
cally switched)
*38
GI
*40
 = 800ns: 130/117/104/78/65/58/52/39/26/19/13/6 Mbps
(HT40)GI
*40
 = 
400ns: 300/270/240/180/150/135/120/90/60/45/30/15
Mbps 
(automatically switched)
*38
GI
*40
 = 800ns: 270/243/216/162/135/121/108/81/54/40/27/13 Mbps
Standards Supported IEEE802.11a / IEEE802.11b / IEEE802.11g / IEEE802.11n
Transmission Method OFDM system, DS-SS system
Wireless Channels Used IEEE802.11a : Channels 36/40/44/48/52/56/60/64/100/104/108/112/116/120/124/128/132/136/
140
IEEE802.11b/IEEE802.11g : Channels 1 to 13
IEEE802.11n : Channels 1-13/36/40/44/48/52/56/60/64/100/104/108/112/116/120/124/128/132/
136/140
RF Frequency Band
IEEE802.11a : 5.18 GHz - 5.32 GHz, 5.5 GHz - 5.7 GHz
IEEE802.11b/IEEE802.11g : 2.412 GHz - 2.472 GHz
IEEE802.11n : 2.412 GHz - 2.472 GHz, 5.18 GHz - 5.32 GHz, 5.5 GHz - 5.7 GHz
 Bluetooth™ <Only for model with Bluetooth>
Bluetooth Version version 2.1 +EDR (Toshiba Stack)
Transmission Method FHSS system
Wireless Channels Used Channels 1 to 79
RF Frequency Band 2.402 GHz - 2.48 GHz
 Wireless WAN <Only for model with wireless WAN>
Data Communication HSUPA Category 6, 5.7 Mbps
HSDPA
(HSPA+)
Category 14, 21 Mbps
UMTS 3GPP Release 7
EDGE/
GPRS
MultiSlot Class 10
Circuit Switched Data
Other Features SMS Mobile Originated SMS (MO-SMS)
Mobile Terminated SMS (MT-SMS)
FAX No Support
Voice No Support
SIM 1.8/3V SIM Support
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  32 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 33 ---
33
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
*13
Only for model with wireless LAN.
*14
Only for model with Bluetooth.
*15
Only for model with wireless WAN.
*16
Only for model with 2nd LAN.
*17
Only for model with modem.
*18
Only for model with TPM. 
For information on TPM, refer to the Installation Manual of 
“Trusted Platform Module (TPM)” by the following procedure.
 
Click   (Start) and input “c:\util\drivers\tpm\README.pdf” 
in [Search programs and files] and press 
Enter
. 
 
Click [start] - [Run] and input “c:\util\drivers\tpm\README.pdf” 
and click [OK].
*19
Only for model with ExpressCard slot.
*20
Only for model without ExpressCard slot.
*21
This slot is compatible with High-Speed Mode. Operation has 
been tested and confirmed using Panasonic SD/SDHC/
SDXC Memory Cards with a capacity of up to 64 GB. Opera-
tion on other SD equipment is not guaranteed.
*22
Only for model with Smart Card slot.
*23
Does not guarantee operation of all USB-compatible periph-
erals.
*24
Only for model without 2nd LAN.
*25
Does not guarantee operation of all HDMI-compatible periph-
erals.
*26
Only for model with IEEE 1394a interface.
*27
Only for model with Fingerprint reader.
*28
Only for model with Web Camera.
*29
Measured with LCD brightness : 60 cd/m
2
Varies depending on the usage conditions, or when an 
optional device is attached.
*30
Varies depending on the usage conditions, CPU speed, etc.
*31
Approx. 0.5 W when the battery pack is fully charged (or not 
being charged) and the computer is off.
<When using with 115 V AC>
Even when the AC adaptor is not connected to the computer, 
power is consumed (Max. 0.2 W) simply by having the AC 
adaptor plugged into an AC outlet.
<When using with 240 V AC>
Even when the AC adaptor is not connected to the computer, 
power is consumed (Max. 0.3 W) simply by having the AC 
adaptor plugged into an AC outlet.
*32
Rated power consumption. 23-E-1
*33
Do not expose the skin to this product when using the prod-
uct in a hot or cold environment. (Î page 9)
When using in hot or cold environment, some peripherals 
may fail to work properly. Check the operation environment 
of the peripherals.
Using this product continuously in a hot environment will 
shorten the product life. Avoid use in these types of environ-
ments.
When using in low temperature environment, startup may 
become slow or battery operation time may become short. 
The computer consumes power when the hard disk is warm-
ing up during startup. Therefore, if you are using battery 
power and the remaining power is low, the computer may not 
start up.
*34
When reinstalling Windows using the data of the recovery 
area on the hard disk, you can select the OS to be installed 
(either Windows 7 (32-bit) or Windows 7 (64-bit)). An OS that 
has been installed at the time of purchase or an OS that has 
been installed using the hard disk recovery function or the 
recovery disc can be supported.
*35
The downgrade service is available only for corporate users 
who fulfill certain conditions.
*36
Must be installed before use.
*37
Perform on the recovery partition. (If this software can not be 
performed on the recovery partition, perform from the recov-
ery disc)
*38
These are speeds specified in IEEE802.11a+b+g+n stan-
dards. Actual speeds may differ.
*39
Available when set to “AES”.
*40
Only available when HT40 enabled by the computer and 
access point which associated supports HT40.
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  33 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 34 ---
34
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
Standard Limited Warranty
PANASONIC COMPUTER PRODUCTS EUROPE
Panasonic Computer Products Europe (referred to as “Panasonic”) will repair this product (other than software, which is 
treated in a different section of this warranty) with new or refurbished parts, from the date of original purchase in the 
event of a defect in materials or workmanship. This warranty only applies to new Panasonic Toughbooks purchased in 
the EEA and Switzerland and Turkey.
Panasonic (or its authorised Service Provider) target to repair your equipment within 48 hours from its receipt in our 
service centre.
Additional charges may apply for shipment to countries outside of the European Union. Panasonic will use all 
reasonable endeavours to ensure this service.
This warranty only covers failures due to defects in materials or workmanship which occur during normal use for the 
applicable Service Agreement Period listed below. In the event that any product (or part thereof) is replaced, Panasonic 
shall transfer ownership of the replacement product (or part) to the customer and the customer shall transfer ownership 
of the replaced product (or part) to Panasonic.
Service Agreement Period - from original date of purchase
• Toughbooks (and every accessory included in the original packaging except the battery) - 3 years
• Accessories included in the original package - 3 years
• Additional peripherals manufactured by Panasonic (including media bay devices such as CD-Rom drives) - 1 year
• Batteries - 6 months. Panasonic Warranty covers the battery for six months. A battery is considered good if it 
maintains 50% of its charge capacity during the warranty period. If a battery is returned under this contract and 
testing determines that it has charge capacity greater than 50%, the battery will be returned with an invoice for the 
retail purchase price of a new battery.
This warranty is extended solely to the original purchaser. A purchase receipt or other proof of date of original purchase 
will be required before warranty performance is rendered.
Limits and Exclusions:
This warranty does not cover and shall be void for:
• Broken or cracked LCD screen.
• Defective pixel in notebook displays and LCD screens within 0.002%
• Damage that is attributable to fire, theft or acts of God.
• Damage caused by environmental influences (electrical storms, magnetic fields etc.).
• Damage which has not been caused during normal operation
• Repair of damage that is cosmetic only or does not affect product functionality such as wear and tear, scratches 
and dents.
• Failures caused by products not supplied by Panasonic.
• Failures resulting from alteration, accidental damage, casualty, misuse, abuse or neglect.
• Introduction of liquid or other foreign matter into the unit.
• Improper installation, operation or maintenance.
• Improper connections with peripherals.
• Maladjustment of consumer controls such as function settings.
• Modification or service by anyone other than Panasonic or its approved Service Providers.
• Products used as short term rental or leased equipment.
• Products whose serial number has been removed making the unit warranty condition impossible to clearly 
determine.
THIS PRODUCT IS NOT INTENDED FOR USE AS, OR AS PART OF, NUCLEAR EQUIPMENT/SYSTEMS, AIR 
TRAFFIC CONTROL EQUIPMENT/SYSTEMS, OR AIRCRAFT COCKPIT EQUIPMENT/SYSTEMS
*1
. PANASONIC 
WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LIABILITY RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THIS PRODUCT ARISING 
OUT OF THE FOREGOING USES.
*1
AIRCRAFT COCKPIT EQUIPMENT/SYSTEMS include Class2 Electrical Flight Bag (EFB) Systems and Class1 EFB Systems 
when used during critical phases of flight (e.g., during take-off and landing) and/or mounted on to the aircraft. Class1 EFB 
Systems and 2 EFB Systems are defined by FAA: AC (Advisory Circular) 120-76A or JAA: JAA TGL (Temporary Guidance 
Leaflets) No.36.
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  34 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 35 ---
35
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
PANASONIC COMPUTER PRODUCTS EUROPE
There are no other express warranties except as listed above. 
We strongly recommend that customers backup their data before sending back their unit to an Authorised Service Provider.
Panasonic shall not be liable for loss of data or other incidental or consequential damages resulting from the use of this 
product, or arising out of any breach of this warranty. All express and implied warranties, including the warranties of 
satisfactory quality and fitness for a particular purpose are limited to the applicable warranty period set forth above. 
Panasonic shall not be liable for any indirect, special or consequential loss or damage (including without limitation any 
loss of profits) arising from the use of this product or for any breach of this warranty.
This limited warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may have other rights that vary from country to country. 
You must consult the applicable country laws for a full determination of your rights. This limited warranty is in addition 
to, and does not affect any rights arising out of any contract of sale or by statute.
Data Storage Media
Data Storage Media is the media on which the Operating System, drivers and programs originally installed by 
Panasonic on the main unit are stored. This media is originally provided with the unit.
Panasonic warrants to you only that the disc(s) or other media on which the Programs are furnished will be free from 
defects in material and workmanship under normal use for a period of sixty (60) days from the date of delivery thereof to 
you, as evidenced by your purchase receipt.
This is the only warranty Panasonic makes to you. Panasonic does not warrant that the functions contained in the 
Programs will meet your requirements or that the operation of the Programs will be uninterrupted or error free.
Panasonic’s entire liability and your exclusive remedy under this warranty shall be limited to the replacement of any 
defective disk or other media which is returned to Panasonic’s authorized Service Centre, together with a copy of the 
purchase receipt, within the aforesaid warranty period.
Panasonic shall have no obligation for any defects in the disk(s) or other media on which the Programs are furnished 
resulting from your storage thereof, or for defects that have been caused by operation of the disk(s) or other media 
otherwise than on the Product or in the environment conditions other than those specified by Panasonic by alteration, 
accident, misuse, abuse, neglect, mishandling, misapplication, installation, maladjustment of consumer controls, 
improper maintenance, modification or damage that is attributable to acts of God. In addition, Panasonic shall have no 
obligation for any defects in the disk(s) or other media if you have modified, or attempted to modify any Program.
Duration of implied warranties, if any is limited to sixty (60) days.
Pre-installed software
Pre-installed software means the software shipped pre-loaded by Panasonic, not that loaded by any third party or 
selling agent.
Panasonic and its suppliers makes no warranty, either express, implied or statutory, with respect to software provided 
with the Product and licensed to Purchaser, its quality, performance, merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose. 
Panasonic does not warrant that the functions contained in the software will be uninterrupted or error free. Panasonic 
assumes no risk of and shall not in any case be liable for any damages, including, without limitation, any special, 
incidental, consequential, or punitive damages arising from breach of warranty or contract, negligence or any other 
legal theory, including, without limitation loss of goodwill, profits or revenue, loss of use of the Programs or Products or 
any associated equipment, cost of capital, cost of any substitute equipment, facilities, or services, downtime costs, or 
claims of any party dealing with such damages.
Some countries do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, or limitations on how 
long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you.
This limited warranty gives you specific legal rights and you may also have other rights that vary from country to country. 
You must consult applicable country laws for a full determination of your rights.0
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  35 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 36 ---
36
Standard Limited Warranty
Getting StartedUseful InformationTroubleshootingAppendix
Contacts
Address
Web page
Helpdesk
English speaking service
French speaking service
German speaking service
Italian speaking service
Spanish speaking service
E-mail address
Czech speaking service
Hungarian speaking service
Polish speaking service
Romanian speaking service
Slovakian speaking service
E-mail address
Payments
Panasonic Computer Products Europe
Service Centre Building B4, 
Wyncliffe Road, Pentwyn Industrial Estate, Cardiff, 
United Kingdom
CF23 7XB
http://www.toughbook.eu/
+44 (0) 8709 079 079
+33 (0) 1 55 93 66 60
+49 (0) 1805 410 930
+39 (0) 848 391 999
+34 (0) 901 101 157
toughbooksupport@eu.panasonic.com
+420 (0) 800 143234
+36 (0) 6800 163 67
+48 (0) 800 4911558
+40 (0) 800 894 743
+421 (0) 800 42672627
toughbooksupport@csg.de
toughbookservicepayments.cardiff@eu.panasonic.com
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  36 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 37 ---
37
MEMO
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  37 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 38 ---
MEMO
38
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  38 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 39 ---
39
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  39 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

--- Page 40 ---
As an ENERGY STAR
®
 Partner, Panasonic Corporation has determined that this product meets 
ENERGY STAR
®
 guidelines for energy efficiency. By enabling available power management 
settings, Panasonic computers enter a low-power sleep mode after a period of inactivity, saving 
the user energy.
© Panasonic Corporation 2011
Printed in UK
Importer’s name & address pursuant to the EU GPSD (General Product Safety Directive) 2001/95/EC Art.5
Panasonic Computer Products Europe, Panasonic Marketing Europe GmbH
Hagenauer Straße 43
65203 Wiesbaden
Germany
55-E-1
Outline of the International ENERGY STAR
®
 Office Equipment Program
The international 
ENERGY STAR
®
 Office Equipment Program is an international program that promotes energy
saving through the use of computers and other office equipment. The program backs the development and dissem-
ination of products with functions that effectively reduce energy consumption. It is an open system in which busi-
ness proprietors can participate voluntarily. The targeted products are office equipment such as computers,
displays, printers, facsimiles, and copiers. Their standards and logos are uniform among participating nations.
22-E-1
UK0411-1051
CPE02360ZB
CPE02360ZB_CF-53mk1_7XP_E.book  40 ページ  ２０１１年５月１９日　木曜日　午後１時４５分

