Brand: PACKARD-BELL
Model: Easynote Tv
URL: https://www.manua.ls/packard-bell/easynote-tv/manual
Total Pages: 56
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
Table of Contents -  1
Quick Start & Troubleshooting 
Guide
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Product Registration  2
Important Information  3
Computer Basics  4
Safety and Comfort ..................................................... 4
Safety Precautions ...............................................  4
Health Precautions...............................................  5
Getting to Know your Computer..................................  6
Control Devices (Keyboard/Touchpad).................  6
Touchscreen (optional) ........................................  7
Volume Controls ..................................................  8
Remote Control (optional) ...................................  9
Your Computer’s Drives........................................  9
Power Supply.....................................................  11
Ports and Connectors .........................................  12
Turning your Computer ON or OFF......................  14
Upgrading your Computer .................................  15
Internet and Software  17
Using Windows and your Software ...........................  17
Welcome Center.................................................  17
Internet Security Offer........................................  17
Packard Bell Recovery Management..................  18
Packard Bell Updater..........................................  19
Your Computer's Documentation.......................  20
Playing Multimedia Files....................................  20
Social Networks (optional).................................  22
First steps on the Net ................................................  22
Protecting your computer..................................  22
Choose an ‘Internet Service Provider’.................  22
Network connections.........................................  23
Surf the Net! ......................................................  25
Helpdesk  27
Safe Computing ........................................................  27
Maintenance......................................................  27
Updates .............................................................  30
Security..............................................................  30
Windows Remote Assistance .............................  35
Diagnose & Repair.....................................................  36
Top Troubleshooting Cases ................................  36
Miscellaneous Troubleshooting .........................  41
Recovering your system ............................................  47
To recover your system ......................................  47
Recovering pre-installed software and drivers...  47
Returning to a previous system condition..........  48
Returning your system to its factory condition ..  49
Regulatory Information  50
Environment  52
Software License  53
Index  54
Copyright ©2010. All Rights Reserved.     PBNB

--- Page 2 ---
2 - Quick Start & Troubleshooting Guide
PRODUCT REGISTRATION
When using your computer for the first time, it is recommended that you immediately register it. This will give you access to 
some useful benefits, such as:
• Faster service from our trained representatives
• Membership in the Packard Bell community: receive promotions and participate in customer surveys
• The latest news from Packard Bell
Hurry and register, as other advantages await you!
How to Register
During the initial startup of your computer, a window will invite you to register. Please fill in the information and click Next. 
The second window you'll see contains optional fields that will help us to provide you with a more personable customer 
service experience.
Another Option
Another way to register your Packard Bell product is to visit our website at register.packardbell.com. Choose your country 
and follow the simple instructions.
After we receive your product registration, you will be sent a confirmation email with important data that you should keep in 
a safe place.

--- Page 3 ---
Important Information -  3
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Thank you for purchasing a Packard Bell computer!
This guide has been designed to introduce you to the features of your computer and assist in your computing experience. It 
will also help you maintain your computer and troubleshoot in case you encounter a problem.
To make the most of your computer, Packard Bell recommends you perform the actions described below before you start 
working with your computer.
Packard Bell Recovery Management
If you should ever encounter a problem with your computer and the troubleshooting steps included in the Quick Start & 
Troubleshooting Guide did not help fix it, you can run the Packard Bell Recovery Management program. This will restore your 
computer to the same state as when you purchased it, while giving you an option to retain all settings and personal data for 
later retrieval (see page 47 for details).
Packard Bell Updater
To ensure that your computer has the latest updates for drivers and software, please use the Packard Bell Updater program as 
soon as you have configured an Internet connection (see page 19 for details).
Packard Bell InfoCentre
To discover more about your computer, please make sure you check Packard Bell InfoCentre, the electronic user‘s 
guide installed on your computer. You need to update the guide at least once online (see page 20 for details).
Packard Bell Website
Remember to visit www.packardbell.com often! Check out the Support section; it contains up-to-date information, help, 
drivers and downloads. Visit store.packardbell.com to discover our accessories, then buy online or locate a store near you!
Packard Bell Support
Make sure you write down your computer serial number, date and place of purchase and model name 
on the cover of this guide. Also, save your proof of purchase. If you call us, please write down any error 
message causing the problem, and have the computer in front of you and switched on if possible. 
Having these items to hand when contacting us will ensure better and quicker service.
Warranty and Contact Information
You can find information about the warranty for your computer and how to contact technical support in your computer’s 
Warranty Guide.

--- Page 4 ---
4 - Quick Start & Troubleshooting Guide
COMPUTER BASICS
SAFETY AND COMFORT
Safety Precautions
Please follow the guidelines below to use your computer comfortably and to avoid health problems.
Computer Environment
Make sure that the computer:
• Is used on a stable surface, stand or table. A fall can seriously damage the computer.
• Is not used on a surface that vibrates, or used when taking part in sport, exercise or other activities in a dynamic 
environment. Vibration or movement can loosen fastenings, damage internal components and even cause battery 
leakage. 
• Is away from direct sunlight and sources of heat.
• Is away from magnetic fields or any device generating static electricity.
• Is kept at least 30 centimetres (one foot) away from a mobile phone.
• Is not in a dusty or damp environment.
• Is not used near water. Never spill liquids of any kind on or into your computer.
• Is not placed on a carpet or any other surface that may have an electrical charge.
Cables
Make sure that:
• Cables are not strained and that there is no risk of people walking or tripping over them.
• Other devices do not crush the cables.
• The power cable is connected to the computer before connecting the power cable to the AC power outlet.
• The power cable is unplugged from the power outlet before disconnecting the power cable from the computer.
• Three-pin power cords are connected to a grounded power outlet.
• The power outlet is easily accessible and as close to the computer as possible (do not overload it with too many adapters). 
If your computer uses an external AC adapter:
• Do not cover or place objects on the AC adapter. Allow the adapter to cool properly during use by keeping it clear of objects.
• Only use the AC adapter that is supplied with your computer. Although other adapters may look similar, using them can 
damage your computer. If a replacement is required, use only parts certified for use with your computer.
Cleaning your Computer
• Always unplug your computer from the power outlet before cleaning it.
• Do not use liquid or aerosol cleaners, use a damp cloth instead. 
• Never spray cleaning product directly on the screen. 
• If you spill liquid on your computer, switch it off immediately, unplug the AC adapter, remove the battery and make sure it 
is completely dry before switching it on again. Wait overnight if necessary. 
Note: If your computer includes slots for memory cards or expansion devices, plastic ’dummies’ may be installed in the card 
slots. Dummies protect unused slots from dust, metal objects or other particles. Save the dummies for use when no cards 
are in the slots.

--- Page 5 ---
Computer Basics -  5
Servicing your Computer
Do not attempt to service your computer yourself, as opening or removing covers may expose you to dangerous voltage or 
other risks. Refer all servicing to qualified service personnel.
Unplug your computer from the wall outlet and refer servicing to qualified service personnel when:
• the power cord or plug is damaged, cut or frayed,
• liquid was spilled into the product,
• the product was exposed to rain or water,
• the product has been dropped or the case has been damaged
• the product exhibits a distinct change in performance, indicating a need for service
• the product does not operate normally after following the operating instructions
Note: Adjust only those controls that are covered by the operating instructions, since improper adjustment of other 
controls may result in damage and will often require extensive work by a qualified technician to restore the product to 
normal condition.
Health Precautions
• The computer and accessories may contain small parts. Keep them out of the reach of small children.
• If you work or play for hours at a time, then make sure you take regular breaks. Look away from the computer's screen once 
in a while. Do not use your computer if you are tired.
• Arrange your computer so that you can work in a natural and relaxed position. Place items that you use frequently within 
easy reach.
• Position your computer directly in front of you for increased safety and comfort. Ensure that your keyboard and touchpad 
are at a comfortable height. The screen should be about 45-70 cm (18-30 inches) from your eyes. 
If you use your computer for long periods while sitting at a desk, invest in an external keyboard for improved comfort.
• To protect your hearing, when using speakers or headphones, increase volume gradually until you can hear clearly and 
comfortably; do not increase the volume level after your ears have adjusted. Do not listen to high volumes for extended 
periods. Do not increase the volume to block out noisy surroundings; decrease the volume if you cannot hear people 
speaking near you.
• The computer’s underside, power adapter and the air from ventilation slots may become hot during use. Avoid 
continuous body contact and do not place the computer on your lap while it is operating.
• Ensure that the computer’s ventilation slots and openings are never obstructed or covered. Do not place the 
computer on a soft surface (such as a carpet, chair or bed) that may block ventilation slots.
• Do not push objects of any kind into ventilation or case slots as they may touch dangerous voltage points or short-out 
parts that may result in a fire or electric shock.
• Some disorders of the hands, wrists, arms, neck, shoulders, legs and back may be associated with, or aggravated by certain 
repetitive actions. To reduce your risk of developing these disorders, type with your wrists straight and your hands and 
wrists floating above the keyboard. If you experience periods of pain, tingling, numbness or other discomfort, please 
contact your doctor.
• We advise that parents monitor the use of games by their children. If you or your child experience any of the following 
symptoms: dizziness, blurred vision, eye or muscle twitches, loss of consciousness, disorientation, any involuntary 
movement or convulsion, IMMEDIATELY discontinue use and consult your doctor. This may happen even if the person has 
no medical history of epilepsy.

--- Page 6 ---
6 - Quick Start & Troubleshooting Guide
GETTING TO KNOW YOUR COMPUTER
Control Devices (Keyboard/Touchpad)
Keyboard
The keyboard is used to enter text or commands. The functions of the keys depend on the program you are using. The 
keyboard displayed in this guide is just an example. The layout of your keyboard may vary slightly. For a full description of 
your keyboard, please refer to InfoCentre. 
     
1. Numbers: Used to enter numbers and special characters. Press Shift simultaneously for characters on the top and press 
Ctrl+Alt for characters on the right. 
2. Backspace: Used to go back one space and delete the last key pressed.
3. Del: Deletes any selected items or the character to the right of the cursor when editing text.
4. Optional Numeric keypad: Functions as a second set of number or cursor keys. Press the Numlock key to switch between 
the two functions.
Note: To optimise space and weight, certain computers use compact keyboards that do not provide 
a numeric keypad. If this is the case, you may use the integrated keypad by activating Num Lock
and using the keys with extra number characters (the keys in the centre-right of the keyboard). 
Press Num Lock again to return the keys to their normal functions.
5. Arrow keys: Move the cursor up, down, left and right.
6. Enter: Press to enter a command, insert a paragraph break in a text or accept a chosen option.
7. Space: used to enter an empty space in your text.
8. Shift: Use simultaneously with a letter key to enter capital letters. 
9. Esc: Cancels most current tasks. 
10. Fn: Use simultaneously with certain keys (such as F1 to F12) to activate optional special functions (shown with symbols).
Note: Certain keyboards feature a Social Networks key that opens the Social Networks application (please see 
Social Networks (optional) on page 22). If this application is not installed, the key will start your instant 
messenging application. 
Touchpad
The touchpad controls the arrow on the screen; called the pointer or the cursor. When you slide your finger across the 
touch-sensitive pad, the pointer will follow this movement. 
1 2 3
4
5 67
8
9
10 6

--- Page 7 ---
Computer Basics -  7
Click one of the touchpad buttons to select or activate the command 
the cursor is pointing at. Ensure that you use a light touch on the 
touchpad surface.
1. Left-click to select the item under the pointer.  
Double-click to start the program under the cursor, or select an 
entire word when typing text. 
2. Right-click to bring up a pop-up menu.
3. Two quick taps on the surface of a touchpad will perform the same 
action as a double-click.
Optional Touchpad features
If your computer supports Multi-gesture, the touchpad can recognise certain movement patterns 
across its surface. This allows you to control applications with a few simple gestures. Please see 
Packard Bell InfoCentre for more information. 
Your computer may feature a Touchpad Lock button. The Touchpad Lock button toggles the touchpad on or off to 
avoid unwanted cursor movements when using the keyboard. This is most useful if you have connected a mouse 
to your computer.
On certain computers you may slide your finger up and down the right-side of the touchpad to scroll through a document.
Note: Improve the motion and visibility of the pointer! Click on Start  > Control Panel > Hardware and Sound > 
Mouse > Pointer Options.
Touchscreen (optional)
Certain computers include a touchscreen that allows simple commands to be given by touching the screen, 
instead of cluttering your desk with a keyboard or mouse. Depending on the type and format of 
touchscreen you may either use a finger or stylus (or both) to select items on the screen.
’Tapping’ the screen
Instead of clicking with a mouse, or pressing a key, you should lightly tap the screen with a finger, or a stylus if one has been 
provided. The screen should react instantly to the contact. 
Caution: Only use a finger or the stylus provided. Using other items may damage the screen. 
To ’right-click’ on a touchscreen, tap and hold on the screen until an animated ring appears and then lift your finger (or the 
stylus). To drag content, simply touch the screen over the content, then slide you finger across the screen. The content will 
follow your movements.
Multi-gesture
If your computer supports Multi-gesture, the screen can recognise certain movement patterns across its surface. This allows 
you to control applications with a few simple gestures; for example, flipping though a slideshow, pinching in or out to zoom 
or making a circular swirl to scroll through a document. 
Different types and formats of touchscreen may support different gestures; please see Packard Bell InfoCentre for more 
information.
Touch Applications
Your computer may have some touch-specific programs installed, these provide simplified interfaces with larger buttons and 
controls that are adapted to touching and sliding items across the screen. Please see the help provided with these programs 
for more information.
3
1 2

--- Page 8 ---
8 - Quick Start & Troubleshooting Guide
Virtual keyboard
A virtual keyboard is available for text input while using a touchscreen. To open the virtual keyboard, tap the screen and then 
tap the Input Panel tab that appears on the left edge of the screen. When you open the virtual keyboard, it will appear on top 
of any open windows. You may move it to a convenient position on the screen.
You can customize the virtual keyboard settings by selecting Start > Control Panel > Tablet PC Settings and in 
the Other tab select Go to Input Panel Settings.
Calibrating your screen
You may find that you need to recalibrate the screen if it does not react properly to a tap. 
To do this select Start > Control Panel > Hardware and Sound > Tablet PC 
Settings. On the Display tab, select Calibrate.... Follow the instructions to calibrate 
the screen.
Other options
Additional configuration options are available in Start > Control Panel under Tablet 
PC settings and Pen and Touch.
Note: Certain touchscreens have a thin layer of air between layers of glass and 
resistive touch film. Occasionally, a series of concentric shapes, called Newton's Rings, 
may appear due to the reflection of light between two surfaces with different 
temperatures and pressures. This is normal and the rings will disappear after a few 
minutes of use.
Cleaning the touchscreen
Touchscreens are delicate and no cleaning products should be used when cleaning the surface. Please follow the advice given 
in Cleaning your Computer on page 4. 
Volume Controls
Apart from the volume controls on your computer, keyboard, or speakers (depending on your equipment), you can also adjust 
the volume and balance of your speakers from Windows.
Adjusting the Volume
To adjust the volume, simply click on the Speaker icon located in the Notification Area, next to the clock. 
 
 
Drag the slider up or down to adjust the volume. 
 
Click on the small speaker   icon to mute the volume. Click again to resume playback.
Click on Mixer to access advanced volume control settings.

--- Page 9 ---
Computer Basics -  9
Remote Control (optional)
Enjoy all your favourite digital entertainment in one place with the easy-to-use Media Center (see page 21) and remote 
control!
Installing the Remote Control and optional receiver
Before starting Windows Media Center (see page 20), prepare the 
remote control.
1. If your computer does not feature an internal infrared receiver, a 
USB receiver is required. If supplied, connect the USB receiver to 
a USB port on the computer.
2. Insert the batteries into the remote control; check the batteries 
are orientated correctly.
Remote Control Functions
1. Playback and record controls (Record, Play, Stop, Rewind, Fast 
forward, Skip back, Pause, Skip forward).
2. Power ON/OFF or Quick Resume
3. Back
4. More information
5. Direction keys (up, down, left, right) and OK
6. Start (Windows key)
7. Volume controls (Volume up/down)
8. Mute
9. Open Record TV
10. Open Guide
11. Program/Channel up/down
12. DVD Menu
13. Open Live TV
14. Number keys, Clear and Enter
15. Teletext selection (red, green, yellow, blue)*
16. Teletext (switch to Teletext while in TV mode)* 
* optional - not available in all regions
 
Your Computer’s Drives
The drives described below are commonly used on Packard Bell computers. However, this does not mean that they are 
present on the computer you have purchased, nor that it is limited to these drives. To view documentation specific to the 
model you have purchased, please check Packard Bell InfoCentre.
Memory Card Reader
Memory cards are used in a wide selection of digital cameras, PDAs, MP3 players and mobile 
phones. Selected computers include an “all-in-one” memory card reader that allows you to read 
and write the most common types, such as MMC (Multi Media Card™), SD/SDHC Card, xD-Picture 
Card™ or MS (Memory Stick®). 
8
2
5
15
14
7
3
4
11
6
16
9
10
13
12
1

--- Page 10 ---
10 - Quick Start & Troubleshooting Guide
Removing a card from an External Card Reader
1. Click on the Safely Remove Hardware icon in the Notification 
Area (next to the clock).
2. Click on Eject SD Card (or the name of the device). 
3. Wait until a Safe to Remove Hardware message is displayed.
4. Remove the card.
Optical Drives
An optical drive is able to read from (or write to) a variety of CD or DVD discs (e.g. Audio CD, CD-ROM, DVD).
Note: Small computers may omit larger devices such as optical drives. If your computer does not 
feature an optical drive and you wish to access files or install a program from an optical disc, you will 
need additional equipment; you may use either an external optical drive, or a computer with an optical 
drive and a network connection (i.e. add the optical drive as a resource that may be used over a 
network). 
Read-only (ROM) drives
Some optical drives are only able to read information from a disc, they cannot be used to store new information. These drives 
can be used to watch films, install programs and read data such as photos or music.
Recordable (R) or Re-Writable (RW) Drives
In addition to reading data from compatible discs, the optical drive(s) provided with your computer may be able to write (or 
'burn') information to appropriate discs. You can use these drives to duplicate your CDs, create your own music compilations, 
digital photo albums or keep a safe copy of your valuable data. Disc recording software must be used to write information to 
recordable discs.
Note: Before copying a CD, make sure that its content is not protected by Trademarks and Copyrights, and that you are 
authorised to replicate it. In most countries you are allowed to make an archival backup of software or copy music for your 
own personal use.
Disc Compatibility for Recordable Drives
•DVD±RW Writer
: DVD±RW drives (or DVD Dual drives) can write to recordable CDs, recordable DVDs ('-
' or '+').
• Double-Layer DVD-RW Writer:
 Double-Layer DVD-RW drives (or DVD+R9 DL drives) can write to 
recordable CDs and single- or double-layer recordable DVDs.
• Blu-ray Combo Drive
: Blu-ray Combo drives can write to recordable CDs, all 'standard' recordable DVDs 
(but not 'HD' DVDs) and may read from (but not write to) Blu-ray discs.
• Blu-ray Writer
: Blu-ray drives can write to recordable CDs, all 'standard' recordable DVDs and recordable Blu-ray discs.
Precautions
✓ If a program needs a disc, insert the disc into the drive before you start the program.
✓ Do not force a disc into the drive; make sure the disc is correctly inserted, then close the disc tray.
✓ Do not eject the disc without first closing the program that is using the disc. This could potentially cause your computer to 
stop responding. Should this happen, restart your computer by using the Windows Task Manager. 
✓ If the tray does not eject, you may try to open it manually:
2
1

--- Page 11 ---
Computer Basics -  11
1. Switch your computer off.
2. Carefully insert a straightened paper clip into the emergency eject port (if available). Do not use a pencil as the lead 
may break inside the eject port and damage the drive.
✓ Keep the disc tray closed whenever you are not using the drive. Do not touch the optical lens in the drive, if the lens is 
dirty, the optical drive may not function correctly.
✓ Do not wipe the lens with a normal cloth. Use a cotton swab to gently clean the lens.
✓ The optical drive is classified as a Class 1 laser product.
Note: This product incorporates copyright protection technology that is protected by U.S. patents and other intellectual 
property rights. Use of this copyright protection technology must be authorized by Macrovision, and is intended for home 
and other limited viewing uses only unless otherwise authorized by Macrovision. Reverse engineering or disassembly is 
prohibited.
Power Supply
Your computer requires a constant, stable power source to keep running. If you are at home then the AC adapter can be 
connected to a mains socket and used for as long as necessary. On the road, or if you simply want to avoid trailing wires, your 
computer's battery can power the computer. 
AC Power Adapter
Your computer can use the supplied external power adapter (a power 'brick') to run on AC 
power. A power cable is provided that is appropriate for the country where the computer 
was purchased.
The power adapter provides adequate power to run your computer and recharge the 
battery pack at the same time.
Warning: Do not cover or place objects on the AC adapter. Keeping the 
adapter clear of objects allows the adapter to cool properly during use.  
Only use the AC adapter that is supplied with your computer. Although other adapters may look similar, 
using them can damage your computer. 
The AC adapter and the underside of the computer can become hot after prolonged use. This is normal, 
but may cause injury with prolonged contact.
Batteries
While you are away from an AC power supply, your computer uses a rechargeable battery. This battery can be removed, 
which allows you to carry multiple batteries for long journeys, or to replace an aged battery that has lost performance.
Note: Although the battery is charged at the factory, transit and shelf time may reduce the initial battery charge. The first 
time you use your computer, connect the AC power adapter and charge the battery completely.
Check InfoCentre to learn more about your computer’s battery.
 
Battery Life
Battery life depends on how the computer is used, the battery's capacity and the computer's design. Batteries will start to 
perform less effectively with age.
Extending Battery Life
While on the road, it is important to be aware of the simple things you can do to extend the life of the computer's main 
battery. Turning down the screen brightness extends battery life (most computers reduce screen brightness automatically 
when using battery power). Battery life is best under the following conditions:
✓ The battery is new and fully charged.

--- Page 12 ---
12 - Quick Start & Troubleshooting Guide
✓ No peripherals (such as ExpressCards) or options (such as Wireless LAN features) are active or connected to your computer. 
✓ The computer's hard disk drive, optical drive and processor are idling or under low load. 
Power management features are active. You may change the power settings of your computer by clicking on Start  > 
Control Panel > System and Security > Power Options.
✓ Certain battery types require maintenance to avoid a reduction in battery life. 
✓ Do not leave your battery in direct sunlight. Extreme temperatures can affect the performance of your battery. It’s best to 
use and charge your battery at room temperatures.
Replacing Batteries
Battery packs can be removed and replaced. Read the precautions on handling the battery before changing the battery.
A small lithium battery (‘CMOS’ battery) in some computers maintains basic configuration information (such as the time and 
date). In the event that the battery fails to maintain this information, we recommend that you contact a qualified technician 
who may replace this battery. 
Battery Precautions and Disposal
✓ Batteries contain a mix of chemicals that should be treated with care. Before disposing of the battery, put adhesive tape 
over the terminals. Do not disassemble the battery.
✓ Do not place used batteries in your regular waste. Ultimate disposal of the batteries should be handled according to all 
national laws and regulations. Contact your local waste management officials for information regarding environmentally 
sound collection, recycling and disposal of batteries.
✓ There is a danger of explosion if the battery is incorrectly replaced. Replace only with the same or equivalent type 
recommended by the manufacturer. 
Ports and Connectors
The ports and connector types described below are commonly used on Packard Bell computers. However, this does not mean 
that they are present on the computer you have purchased, nor that it is limited to these ports. To view documentation 
specific to the model you have purchased, please check InfoCentre.
Precautions
✓ Before you attach any device, check the installation instructions that were supplied with it. 
✓ Do not remove a device if the computer is using it. 
✓ Most devices may be added or removed while the computer is on. They will be detected and installed automatically. 
However, certain devices must be deactivated before they can be removed from the computer (for example, see Removing 
a card from an External Card Reader on page 10). 
Communication Ports
Network - Connect your computer to a network (‘LAN’) or certain high-speed Internet connections. 
Modem - An  internal fax/data modem connects you to the Internet over a dial-up connection.
A network port looks very similar to a modem port; they are often found near each other. The network port is slightly 
larger than the modem port.
Warning: In thunderstorm conditions, make sure that you disconnect all your connection cables; unplug 
the modem from the telephone line, the TV port from the aerial socket and any network cable. A 
lightning strike to nearby telephone lines or an aerial could damage your modem, network or TV card or 
even your whole computer. Please note that the product warranty does not apply if damage to your 
computer is the result of a lightning strike.

--- Page 13 ---
Computer Basics -  13
Expansion Ports
USB (Universal Serial Bus) - USB ports allow you to connect many peripheral devices to your computer (for example: 
keyboard, printer, scanner).
IEEE 1394 (FireWire) - An IEEE 1394 port (aka FireWire™ or i.LINK) allows you to connect high-speed digital devices 
to your computer, such as digital video cameras, external hard disk drives, or scanners. 
ExpressCard - This slot allows you to use an ExpressCard/34 or ExpressCard/54 expansion card. 
Note: It is not possible to use a PC Card device in an ExpressCard slot.
 
eSATA - An eSATA port allows you to connect a compatible external storage device (usually a hard disk drive) with a 
high-speed SATA connection.
Display and Audio Ports
VGA Port - Connect to a monitor with a VGA port. The appropriate cable is usually included with the monitor. 
DVI Port - Connect to a monitor with a DVI (Digital Video Interface) port. The appropriate cable is usually included 
with the monitor. 
Note: Many monitors use a 15-pin analogue connection, so you may need to purchase an adapter or a DVI-to-Analogue
cable. 
S-Video (TV-Out) Connection - An S-Video TV-Out port allows you to connect a compatible television. 
HDMI (TV-Out) Connection - An HDMI TV-Out port allows you to connect a compatible display device (such as a 
high-definition television) with a single, easy-to-use connector.
Caution: If you want to use your television's speakers, you must change the audio output or connect the 
Line-Out port of your computer to your television (or a speaker system).
Line-Out - Lets you plug in stereo headphones or powered speakers. Plugging in an audio device disables any 
built-in speakers.
Microphone - Allows you to connect an external microphone for mono recording or amplification through the 
unit. Plugging in an external microphone disables the built-in microphone.
Other Connectors
Memory Card Reader - Memory cards are used to store and transfer data by a wide selection of digital cameras, 
PDAs, MP3 players and mobile phones (see page 9). 
TV Tuner - Allows you to connect an aerial and watch analogue or digital television on your computer (see page 20). 
An adapter may be required to connect to an aerial - if your computer features two TV tuner ports, use a splitter 
cable to connect both ports to an aerial.
Note: The TV tuner must be compatible with signals in your area.
 
AC Adapter (DC In) - Lets you attach the computer to the the supplied AC adapter. The computer requires a Packard 
Bell-certified adapter.
Other Features
Remote Control Receiver - The remote control receiver (Commercial IR) allows you to control the media functions of 
your computer from a distance when used with a compatible remote control (optional).
Caution: The sensor is not an 'full' IR port and can only receive signals from a remote control. It cannot be 
used to communicate with other devices, such as mobile telephones.
Kensington Lock Fixture - This fixture allows you to attach a Kensington security lock or other compatible lock to 
protect your computer from theft.

--- Page 14 ---
14 - Quick Start & Troubleshooting Guide
Turning your Computer ON or OFF
Turning your Computer ON
1. First, switch ON any devices connected to your computer by pressing the main power button on these devices.
2. Then switch ON your computer by pressing the main power button.
To share the family computer and have your own system settings every time you turn on the computer, you 
can set up accounts for each user. You can access and modify your accounts at any time by clicking on Start
 > Control Panel > User Accounts and Family Safety. To learn more about user account 
management, please see the section User Account Control on page 34.
Turning your Computer OFF
Make sure all applications are closed before you turn off your computer. Turning off your computer will ensure that a data is 
saved and it will use as little power as possible (there may be a small power drain to charge batteries), however your 
computer will take longer to start.
Once the computer has shut down, switch OFF all external devices (such as a printer or monitor) if they have a power button.
Sleep mode
Click on the Sleep button to save your session and put the computer in a low-power state so that you may quickly resume 
working (see the Power Options section on page 15 for details). 
Note: You may also put your computer into sleep mode without going to the Windows Start menu. Simply close all your 
applications and press the power button.
1
2
1
2
3

--- Page 15 ---
Computer Basics -  15
Forced Shutdown
If your computer doesn’t respond, then try using the Task Manager. This utility 
provides information about your system’s performance and displays details 
about programs and processes running on your computer.
To do so, press the Ctrl+Alt+Del keys simultaneously and select Start Task 
Manager.
Click on the Applications tab, select the task that you want to end and click on 
End Task.
Warning: If your computer still does not respond, press the 
computer power button to turn your computer off. Keep this 
button pressed until all of the LEDs turn off and wait for roughly 
30 seconds before turning the computer on again.
Power Options
The power options of Windows can control your computer’s power state and allow you to save energy. Depending 
on your needs, you can define the power scheme that suits you best. Three power saving modes are provided: 
Sleep, Hibernate and Hybrid sleep.
Sleep
Sleep effectively ’pauses’ your computer, keeping all activity in memory, ready to start again. Rousing your computer from 
Sleep takes just a few seconds. A small amount of power is still required to store the contents of the memory.
Hibernate
Hibernate stores all activity on your computer’s hard drive, and then powers down. No power is required, but your computer 
must be powered on normally before you may continue working.
Hybrid Sleep
Hybrid sleep stores all activity on your computer’s hard drive, just like Hibernate; but also keeps a copy in memory, ready to 
start in a few seconds. A small amount of power is still required to store the contents of the memory, but the copy on the disk 
drive ensures that you work is safe, even in the event of a power failure. Hybrid Sleep may be disabled on certain computers.
Note: To learn more about personalising your computer, click on Start  > Help and Support.
 
Upgrading your Computer
Packard Bell strives to make your computing experience as easy and pleasant as possible. Because your computing needs may 
evolve, Packard Bell is here to help you choose the right accessories and make the most of your computer. 
Visit store.packardbell.com to discover our accessories, then buy online or locate a store near you!
Memory
Memory (RAM) is a key component of your computer. If you run memory-intensive applications such as image or digital-
video editing or 3D games, adding some memory will increase the computer performance and help your computer run faster.
To help you find out the memory module that is best suited to your Packard Bell computer, you can use our online 
configurator on www.packardbell.com! The step-by-step configurator is your best pick to find the right module quickly and 
easily with no risk of error, at a competitive price. 
Storage (e.g. External Hard Disk Drive)
Whether you need additional storage space, need to create backups or need removable storage to carry your data, an external 
hard disk drive will be a convenient solution to expand your computer. Simply plug it into a USB port and "drag and drop" to

--- Page 16 ---
16 - Quick Start & Troubleshooting Guide
transfer your valuable data in a few seconds. To make temporary backups, this is a lot quicker than burning a CD or DVD! High 
capacity drives are also ideal for storing your favourite music, photos and videos and take them with you everywhere you go!
Warranty
Packard Bell computers come with a limited warranty. For further peace of mind, optional PB Care packs let you extend the 
standard warranty up to three years (one year + two additional years) and upgrade to on-site service for your computer. For 
information, please visit www.packardbell.com.
If your warranty has expired, or if PB Care packs are not available in your area, don't worry, Packard Bell has the answer. 
Packard Bell has appointed Authorised Service Centers to provide you with high quality service! You will benefit from the 
service of experienced technicians, trained on your Packard Bell product. 
Recycling
You just bought a new computer and wonder what you can do with your old equipment? Don't just throw it out! Packard Bell
encourages you to recycle!
Most computer equipment contains hazardous materials, which are best kept out of landfills. Through recycling, many 
materials used in computers can be recovered and used again. Many charitable organizations collect computer equipment, 
other companies can repair and sell used computers. 
Please refer to Environment on page 52 to learn more about product disposal.

--- Page 17 ---
Internet and Software -  17
INTERNET AND SOFTWARE
USING WINDOWS AND YOUR SOFTWARE
Packard Bell computers include software to help you use your computer; the programs and categories available on your 
computer depend on the model purchased. Most of this software is ’pre-installed’ and ready to be used; however some 
software may be provided on a CD or DVD and must first be installed if you wish to use it. To do so, insert the installation CD or 
DVD. An installation wizard will start automatically and all you have to do is follow the instructions on the screen.
Welcome Center
The first time you turn on your computer, the Welcome Center window opens. The Welcome Center introduces you to the new 
features and tools of Windows. You can access the Welcome Center later by clicking on Start  > Getting Started. 
Internet Security Offer
It is vital to protect your computer from viruses and attacks over the Internet (see Security on page 30). An comprehensive 
Internet security program is proposed when you first start your computer. You should activate this protection as soon as 
possible, certainly before you connect to the Internet.
The offer allows you to use the software and download updates for a period before you must subscribe to continue protecting 
your computer against new threats.

--- Page 18 ---
18 - Quick Start & Troubleshooting Guide
Packard Bell Recovery Management
To prepare your computer for system recovery options, you should create a set of recovery discs as soon as possible. Recovery 
discs take some time to create, but for long-term reliability, the effort is worth it. 
Creating recovery discs
If your computer experiences problems that are not recoverable by other methods, you may need to reinstall the Windows 
operating system and factory-loaded software and drivers. To reinstall using discs, you must create the set of recovery discs 
beforehand. Throughout the process, you will be guided by on-screen instructions. Please read them carefully!
1. Click on Start  > All Programs > Packard Bell, then click on Packard Bell Recovery Management. Packard Bell
Recovery Management opens.
2. To create recovery discs for the hard drive’s entire original contents, including Windows and all factory-loaded software 
and drivers, click Create factory default disc. 
- OR -
To create recovery discs for only the factory-loaded software and drivers, click Create driver and application backup disc. 
Important: We recommend that you create each type of recovery disc as soon as possible. 
The Create Backup Disc dialogue box opens.
This dialogue box tells you the number of blank, recordable discs you will need to complete the recovery discs. Make sure that 
you have the required number of identical, blank discs ready before continuing.

--- Page 19 ---
Internet and Software -  19
3. Insert a blank disc into the drive indicated in the Burn to list, then click Next. The first disc begins recording, and you can 
watch its progress on the screen.
When the disc finishes recording, the drive ejects it.
4. Remove the disc from the drive and mark it with a permanent marker.
Important: Write a unique, descriptive label on each disc, such as ‘Windows Recovery Disc 1 of 2’ or ‘Apps/
Drivers Recovery disc’.
5. If multiple discs are required, insert a new disc when prompted, then click OK. Continue recording discs until the process is 
complete.
Packard Bell Updater
To ensure that your computer has the latest available updates for drivers and software, please use the Packard Bell Updater
program as soon as you have configured an Internet connection.
1. Click on Start  > All Programs > Packard Bell - Security & Support > Packard Bell Updater or double-click the 
Packard Bell Updater icon on the desktop and follow the instructions that are displayed.
2. Packard Bell Updater will search the Packard Bell support website for updates based on your system's serial number and 
display a list of available updates. 
3. Select the updates you wish to download and then install them.
Note: We recommend that you use this tool on a regular basis.

--- Page 20 ---
20 - Quick Start & Troubleshooting Guide
Your Computer's Documentation
User’s Guide (Packard Bell InfoCentre)
This guide is not the only reference for information about your computer! InfoCentre, your electronic user’s guide contains 
information for your computer, giving you the help you need directly on your screen. You need to update this electronic user’s 
guide in order to have specific information for the computer you have purchased. 
To open InfoCentre, double-click on the User’s Guide (Packard Bell InfoCentre) icon on the desktop or click on Start
 > All Programs > Packard Bell > Packard Bell InfoCentre.
To update the contents of the User’s Guide (you will need an internet connection) simply click on the Check for updates
button on the InfoCentre welcome page (see image above).
The updates will be downloaded from Packard Bell and automatically installed on your computer. Your updated version of 
InfoCentre will contain detailed specific information on your computer’s configuration.
The My Computer button contains all the technical information about your computer's components and useful tips on how to 
upgrade your computer.
Other buttons give you access to additional information, such as tutorials on performing day-to-day tasks and tips and 
information on using the Internet.
Note: The number of categories and titles available may differ according to the computer you purchased.
 
Remember to update InfoCentre to view the latest information about your computer! You should also make regular visits 
to www.packardbell.com and check out the Support section: it contains up-to-date information, help, drivers and 
downloads.
Software Documentation
Most of the applications preinstalled on your computer by Packard Bell feature a documentation file. 
Note: If you need help while using a program, press F1 on your keyboard, or click on Help or the help icon (typically a ?
sign).
Playing Multimedia Files
You may use the media software on your computer to play music, films or photo slide-shows and watch television (if your 
computer has a TV tuner). Other options allow you to create CDs or DVDs.
Select a category...

--- Page 21 ---
Internet and Software -  21
One or more media programs are installed on your computer, Windows Media Player and optionally Windows Media Center
are provided by Microsoft. Other media programs may have been installed by Packard Bell to provide an improved media 
experience.
Windows Media Player
Windows Media Player may be used to play MP3 or WMA audio files, CDs or most video files. 
Note: It is not recommended that you use Windows Media Player to play DVD movies. Other media players (such as 
Windows Media Center) provide additional playback options. 
Windows Media Center (optional)
Certain computers include all-in-one media 
‘centers’ such as Windows Media Center. These 
programs can handle a variety of multimedia 
content, presented with simple menus that may 
be easily controlled with a remote control. You 
may watch live or recorded TV (if your computer 
has a TV tuner), listen to digital music, view 
pictures and personal videos, create CDs and 
DVDs, or access content from online services.
To start the media program installed on your 
computer, click on Start  > Windows Media 
Center.
Setup
Caution: If your computer includes a remote control (page 9) or TV tuner (page 13) they must be 
connected and active before starting the media program for the first time. 
The first time you start the media program, it will start a setup wizard, which will configure some basic settings. If available, 
select the Express setup option, you may then configure additional options as needed.
Note: If you have an Internet connection, the Guide (Electronic Program Guide) allows you to view a list of current TV 
shows. This shows channel and network information, as well as the title, description and scheduled broadcast time of 
shows. 
Cyberlink PowerDVD
If your computer is equipped with a Blu-ray drive, you may watch Blu-ray movies with PowerDVD. You may start PowerDVD
by inserting a Blu-ray disc and waiting for the program to start automatically.
AutoPlay
The Windows AutoPlay function allows you to choose the way 
Windows handles media files on devices with removable storage 
(digital camera, CD, DVD, etc). 
If you have inserted a disk that contains files (such as a DVD, USB 
key or memory card), Windows will display a dialogue box and ask 
you to choose how you want to open the files.
For example, if you have inserted an audio CD or a DVD movie, 
Windows will automatically display a dialogue box and ask you to 
choose how you want to play it. If Windows asks you to select a 
DVD player, we recommend that you always choose the DVD player 
included with your software collection (e.g. PowerDVD or Windows 
Media Player).

--- Page 22 ---
22 - Quick Start & Troubleshooting Guide
Playing downloaded files
Downloaded files may work with the media programs installed on your computer, or may require specific programs. Files that 
include DRM functions may only play in specific programs (e.g. iTunes, Windows Media Player) or only on devices certified for 
use with the each type of file. Other formats may require a specific audio or video codec that may not have been installed on 
your computer.
Codecs
A codec is software that is used to compress or decompress a digital media file, such as a song or video. Windows Media 
Player and other programs use codecs to play and create digital media files.
For example, when you rip a song from an audio CD to your computer, the player uses the Windows Media Audio codec to 
compress the song into a compact WMA file. When you play that WMA file (or any WMA file that might be streamed from a 
Web site), the media player uses the Windows Media Audio codec to decompress the file so the music can be played through 
your speakers.
Why do I get a message that says my computer is missing a codec? 
If you get a message that says that your computer is missing a codec, it may be because you are using a file that was 
compressed using a codec that Windows or the media player does not include by default. In many cases, you can download and 
install the missing codec by clicking on the Web Help button in the error message.
Please also see Windows Help and Support for more information.
Social Networks (optional)
The Social Networks application allows you to quickly view your friends' updates, and make your own 
updates without leaving the desktop. You can recieve notifications and status updates directly to your 
desktop, using the sidebar to monitor multiple social networks (e.g. Facebook, YouTube and Flickr).
Note: The Social Networks application is a pre-installed option and may not be installed on certain 
computers.
Log in or Sign up
Click the icon of the social network that you want to use and click Login if you already have an 
account. If you do not have an account, click Sign Up and follow the instructions. 
Note: All social activities require Internet access. Make sure you are connected to the Internet 
before using this application. 
FIRST STEPS ON THE NET
Protecting your computer
It is vital to protect your computer from viruses and attacks over the Internet (see Internet Security Offer on page 17 and 
Security on page 30). An comprehensive Internet security program is proposed when you first start your computer. You should 
activate this protection as soon as possible, certainly before you connect to the Internet.
Choose an ‘Internet Service Provider’
Using the Internet has become a natural part of daily computing. Just a few simple steps can 
connect you to a vast collection of knowledge and communication tools. To accomplish these steps 
you should first select an Internet Service Provider (ISP), which supplies the connection between your 
computer and the Internet. You should research the ISPs available in your region, not forgetting to 
talk to friends and family about their experiences or to check reviews and consumer reports. The ISP 
you select will provide instructions on how to connect to the Internet (you may need additional 
software or a special ‘box’ that connects to your phone line).

--- Page 23 ---
Internet and Software -  23
Connection Types
Depending on your computer model, your location and your communication needs, you have several ways to connect to the 
Internet. 
Dial-Up
Some computers include a telephone dial-up (‘modem’) connector. This allows you to connect to the Internet using your 
telephone line. With a dial-up connection, you cannot use the modem and the telephone simultaneously on a single phone 
line. This type of connection is recommended only if you have limited use of the Internet as the connection speed is low and 
connection time is typically charged per hour. 
DSL (e.g. ADSL)
DSL (Digital Subscriber Line) is an ‘always-on’ connection that runs over the phone line. As DSL and phone do not use the 
same frequencies, you can use your telephone at the same time you are connected to the Internet (this requires a ‘micro-
filter’ on each telephone socket to avoid interference). To be eligible for DSL, you must be located near an DSL-equipped 
phone exchange (service is sometimes unavailable in rural areas). Connection speeds vary depending on your location, but 
DSL generally provides very fast and reliable Internet connection. As the connection is always-on, it is generally charged at 
fixed monthly rates. 
Note: A DSL connection requires an appropriate modem. A modem is usually provided by the ISP when you register. Many 
of these modems include an ‘router’ that provides network and wi-fi access.
Cable
A cable connection provides fast and ‘always-on’ Internet service via a cable television line. This service is generally available 
in large cities. You can use your telephone and watch cable TV at the same time you are connected to the Internet. 
3G (WWAN or 'Wireless Wide-Area Network')
A 3G connection allows you to use cellular networks (such as those used by a mobile phone) to connect to the Internet while 
away from home. The socket for a SIM card may be built in to your computer, or may require an external device, such as a USB 
modem or even an appropriately equipped mobile phone.
Note: If your computer includes a SIM card slot, you require a compatible SIM card and a contract with a cellular provider. 
 
Before using the 3G features, check with your service provider to see if any additional charges will be incurred, especially 
roaming charges.
Network connections
A LAN (Local Area Network) is a group of computers (for example, within an office building or home) that share a common 
communications line and resources. When you set up a network, you can share files, peripheral devices (such as a printer) and 
an Internet connection. You can set up a LAN using wired technologies (such as Ethernet) or wireless technologies (such as 
WiFi or Bluetooth). 
Wireless networks
A wireless LAN or WLAN is a wireless local area network, which may link two or more computers without using wires. Setting up a wireless 
network is easy and allows you to share files, peripheral devices and an Internet connection. 
Note: More detailed information is available in the InfoCentre wireless networks tutorial.
 
What are Benefits of a Wireless Network?
Mobility
Wireless LAN systems allow you and other users of your home network to share access to files and devices connected to the 
network, for example a printer or scanner.
Also you can share an internet connection with other computers in your home.

--- Page 24 ---
24 - Quick Start & Troubleshooting Guide
Installation Speed and Simplicity
Installing a wireless LAN system can be fast and easy and eliminates the need to pull cables through walls and ceilings. 
Components of a Wireless LAN
To set up your Wireless network at home you need to have the following:
Access point (router)
Access points (routers) are two-way transceivers that broadcast data into the surrounding environment. Access points act as a 
mediator between wired and wireless network. Most routers have a built-in DSL modem that will allow you access to a high 
speed DSL internet connection. The ISP (Internet Service Provider) you have chosen normally supplies a modem/router with 
the subscription to their services. Read carefully the documentation supplied with your Access point/router for detailed setup 
instructions.
Network Cable (RJ45)
A network cable (also called RJ45 cable) is used to connect the host computer to the access point (see illustration below); this 
type of cable may also be used to connect peripheral devices to the access point.
Wireless Adapter
An internal wireless adapter is normally already installed in your computer. A button or controls in Windows allow 
you to activate or disactivate the adapter.
Diagram of a working network
1. Access point/router
2. Desktop computer
3. Modem
4. Printer
5. Portable computer
6. PDA/Smartphone
7. Network cables (RJ45) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ad-Hoc internet sharing
The Internet Connection Sharing (ICS) feature of Microsoft Windows allows you to share a single 
Internet connection with multiple computers. Built-in support for IEEE 802.11 wireless LANs 
(WLANs) allows you to create an ad-hoc wireless network. These two features can be used 
together to share a wired Internet connection with the members of an ad-hoc wireless network. 
This is the method of connection if you do not possess an Access Point (router).
Turning On/Off a WiFi Network Connection
Most computers feature a ‘WiFi’ button that turns the network connection on or off. If your 
computer does not feature a ‘WiFi’ button, you may turn your wireless network on or off, or 
control what is shared over the network with the network management options. Click on Start
 > Control Panel > Network and Internet > Network and Sharing Center. 
1
2
3
4
5
6
7

--- Page 25 ---
Internet and Software -  25
Warning: Using wireless devices while flying in aircraft is prohibited. Switch off all devices before 
boarding an aircraft; they may be dangerous to the operation of the aircraft, disrupt communications, 
and even be illegal.
Surf the Net!
To surf the Internet, you need a program called an Internet browser. Internet Explorer provides an easy and secure web 
browsing experience. As soon as you have your Internet access installed and you are connected, click on the Internet Explorer 
shortcut located on the Windows desktop and take your Internet experience to a new level!
Internet Explorer features
The image below shows the Internet Explorer browser’s start page. A brief description of some key aspects of the browser are 
listed below.  
1. Link to the Help menu: click to access the Internet Explorer Help section. There you can find information about Internet 
Explorer and take the Internet Explorer Tour. You may also press F1 on your keyboard.
2. Reduce, maximize or close the window.
3. Address bar: Type in an Internet address (e.g. www.packardbell.com) and press the Enter key on your keyboard, this will 
take you directly to the address you typed.
4. Instant Search Box: Search the web without having to open a search provider page. You can customize your search by 
setting your favorite search provider as the default. Use the dropdown list to choose a provider.
5. Back and Forward buttons: Navigate through pages you have already visited.
6. Tabs: View multiple sites in a single browser window by switching from one site to another through tabs at the top of the 
browser frame.
7. Quick tabs: Select and navigate through open tabs by displaying thumbnails of them all in a single window.
8. Favourites Center: Manage your favourite websites, your browsing history and your RSS Feed subscriptions in just a few 
clicks.
9. RSS feeds: Allow you to keep up with your favourite websites in an automated manner. An illuminated icon on the toolbar 
indicates that the site offers a feed to which you can subscribe, in order to be notified when content is updated. Your 
browser delivers the information to your Favourites Center. Now you can read news headlines, sports scores, etc. as soon as 
they arrive.
Caution: Internet Explorer includes a Phishing Filter that warns you about and helps to protect you from 
potential or known fraudulent websites (sites that look legitimate but actually are designed to capture 
1
4
2
9
6
3
5
8
7

--- Page 26 ---
26 - Quick Start & Troubleshooting Guide
your personal information). The address bar will turn yellow and a warning message will be displayed if 
you visit a suspected phishing site.
Google Desktop (optional)
Google Desktop™ is a free pre-installed application that allows you to easily search and 
personalise your Packard Bell computer. Google Desktop provides full-text search over 
your email, files, music, photos, chats, Web pages you've viewed, and more. By making 
your computer searchable, Google Desktop puts your information easily within your 
reach and frees you from having to manually organise your files. Google Desktop also 
helps you gather new information from the Internet with Sidebar and Google Gadgets, visually appealing mini-applications 
that can display anything such as your new email, the local weather forecast to personalised news. With Google Desktop, you 
get personalised information when you want it, right on your computer’s desktop. Simply click on the Google Desktop search 
icon to start the program.
Note: To learn more about Google™ products and features, visit www.google.com.
 
Packard Bell Website
To get you started why not visit our website, www.packardbell.com.
Packard Bell is dedicated to provide you with on-going personalised support. Check out our Support section to get help 
tailored to your needs.
✓ The Identification section can recognize your computer serial number and instantly give you all information specific to your 
computer! 
✓ The Troubleshooter can help you find solutions in case you have a problem with your computer (may not be available in all 
countries).
✓ Enter keywords in the Search box and find all the support articles related to your search!
✓ Enter the Downloads area to search for and download driver updates for your computer, as well as patches and upgrades 
for programs and firmware. 
✓ Share your experiences with other Packard Bell users and find help in the User Forum.
✓ You can also search for product information by range or category, read about your warranty and find contact information.
To learn more about the latest technologies offered by Packard Bell, check out our Product Showroom. With the Shopping
section, you can also locate a store near you, or get the latest Packard Bell products delivered straight to your home in a few 
clicks! 
www.packardbell.com is your gateway to a world of online activities and services: visit us regularly for the latest information 
and downloads!

--- Page 27 ---
Helpdesk -  27
HELPDESK
SAFE COMPUTING
To make the most of your new computer and ensure it runs smoothly for a long time, you should use the programs below and 
regularly perform the actions described in this guide. 
Maintenance
Recommended maintenance tasks
There are several tasks you should perform periodically (about once per month) to ensure your computer stays in good 
health:
Error Checking
Using the Check Disk tool regularly prevents your system from getting unreliable and information getting lost. It checks and 
repairs two types of errors: 
✓ file system errors, such as fragmented files that were not deleted and files with invalid sizes or dates;
✓ physical errors, which may occur on your hard disk as it wears out over time. 
1. Click on Start  > Computer. Right-click on the OS icon and select Properties.
2. Click on Tools and Check Now in the Error-checking field.
3. Tick Automatically fix file system errors in the options area. If you tick Scan for and attempt recovery of bad 
sectors, your computer will carry out the physical error checking when you next restart your computer. Click on Start to 
proceed.
Disk Cleanup
The Disk Cleanup Wizard helps free up space on your disk drive. It searches your 
drive and displays unused files, such as temporary Internet files, files in the 
Recycle Bin and other temporary files that you may safely delete. 
1. Click on Start  > Computer. Right-click on the OS icon and select 
Properties.
2. Select the General tab and click on the Disk Cleanup button (next to the 
diagram of the disk drive.
3. Tick each category in the Files to delete area you wish to delete and click on 
OK.  
 
 
 
 
 
Disk Defragmenter
With the creation and deletion of files over time, scattering occurs all over the hard disk area and affects performance. The 
Disk Defragmenter helps you rearrange the items stored on your hard drive to make your computer run faster and more 
efficiently. 
Running the Disk Defragmenter once a month (depending on computer usage) will decrease wear and tear on your hard drive 
and thus decrease the chance of a fault developing at a later date.

--- Page 28 ---
28 - Quick Start & Troubleshooting Guide
1. Perform a Disk Cleanup and close all open programs.
2. Click on Start  > Computer. Right-click on the OS icon and 
select Properties.
3. Click on Tools and Defragment now.... 
4. Click on the volume you want to defragment and click on 
Defragment to start. The whole process may take several hours 
to complete. It is best not to use your computer while running the 
Disk Defragmenter as any changes on your system may cause the 
process to restart. If your hard disk is divided into several 
partitions you should perform the same action for each partition.  
 
Manage your Hard Disk Drive (HDD)
Check the remaining free space on your hard disk drive
1. Click on Start  > Computer. 
2. Right-click on the OS icon and select Properties. 
3. The Hard Disk Properties window displays the amount of used space and free space on 
your hard disk. If your hard disk is almost full (less than 100 MB remaining), you should 
consider freeing some space.
To see easily how much space is used and how much is left, simply place your pointer over 
the hard disk drive icon. The information will automatically appear. 
 
 
 
 
 
Free some Space on your Hard Disk Drive
1. Empty the Recycle Bin: When you delete a file from your computer, Windows places it in the 
Recycle Bin. All the deleted files remain there until you decide to permanently delete them 
from your computer or to restore them to their original location. Double-click on the 
Recycle Bin on the Windows desktop and click on Empty Recycle Bin or select only the 
items you want to delete. Items deleted from external devices, such as memory cards, do 
not go to the Recycle Bin, they are permanently deleted.
2. Uninstall the programs you no longer use: 
Click on Start  > Control Panel > Programs > Programs and Features.
3. Archive files on an external hard disk drive, recordable CDs or DVDs (if your computer is equipped with a CD or DVD writer) 
and delete them from the hard disk. 
Run Windows System Tools
Windows includes some convenient tools to keep your computer in good shape. Use these tools on a regular basis to maintain 
a reliable and speedy system! To make it easier, System Tools includes a Scheduled Tasks utility, which you can customise to 
run specific tasks regularly.
To access the list of System Tools, click on Start  > All Programs, then the Accessories folder in the list of programs and 
finally select System Tools.

--- Page 29 ---
Helpdesk -  29
Windows System Restore.
System Restore monitors the changes to your computer and automatically creates restore points to revert to a previous time if 
necessary. It can undo harmful changes to your computer and restore its settings and performance, while saving your 
personal data files (such as documents, browsing history, drawings, favourites, or emails).
Note: When you restore your computer you will need to reinstall any programs you installed after the restore point was 
created. These programs will not work until you do this. Windows System Restore does not uninstall programs. To do this, 
you should use Programs and Features in the Control Panel.
Starting Windows System Restore from the Windows desktop
Click on Start  > All Programs > Accessories > System Tools > System Restore.
If you cannot access the Windows desktop:
1. Press the Alt+F10 key upon start-up when the Packard Bell logo appears. This will open the Recovery Program.
2. Select Windows System Restore and click on Next. Your computer will automatically restart and open System Restore. 
System Restore options
Restore your computer to an earlier time
This option will return to your computer to how it was on an earlier date, without affecting your personal documents or 
emails (it will not restore lost documents either). By default Windows saves snapshots of itself when major changes are made 
to the Operating System (e.g. driver installations or specific software). This is useful when a driver installation failed, or when 
you changed a system setting, and it did not work.

--- Page 30 ---
30 - Quick Start & Troubleshooting Guide
1. Click on Restore my computer to an earlier time, and then click on Next.
2. Select from the calendar the date when the restore point was created and click on Next. All the restore points that were 
created on the selected date are listed by name in the list box to the right of the calendar. 
3. In the confirmation screen, click on Next to restore the computer to the selected date and time.
Create a Restore Point
Windows creates restore points automatically at regularly scheduled times or before certain programs or drivers are installed. 
This option allows you to create your own restore points when you need to.
1. Click on Create a restore point, and then click on Next. 
2. Enter a description to identify this restore point. System Restore automatically adds the date and time to this name. 
3. To finish, click on Create.
Undo the last restoration
If the system fails after restoring the computer to a certain date, you can use this option to undo the restoration. 
Alternately, you can use Last Known Good Configuration to restore the system to your most recent settings that worked.
1. Restart the computer, press F8 to access advanced startup options. 
2. Use the arrow keys to highlight Last Known Good Configuration and press Enter.
Updates
As new viruses, worms, and other threats are discovered everyday, keeping your security applications and operating system 
up-to-date is crucial. Norton Internet Security, combined with other security applications can protect your computer from 
Internet attacks and ensure that the latest security updates have been downloaded and installed on your system. To keep 
your computer safe with all the latest programs, please perform the following actions:
✓ Update your antivirus 
✓ Update your anti-spyware and anti-malware tools
✓ Perform updates when prompted by Windows Action Center
✓ Use Microsoft Windows Automatic Updates
✓ Run Windows Defender 
✓ Run Windows Update
Windows Update can help you keep your computer up-to-date via 
Internet downloads. It allows you to choose updates for your 
computer's operating system, software programs, and hardware. 
New content is added to Windows Update regularly, so you can 
always get the most recent updates and solutions to protect your 
computer and keep it running smoothly. 
• Start  > Control Panel > System and Security > 
Windows Update. 
 
 
Security
You are probably eager to explore everything the Internet has to offer. In order for you to be safe online, Packard Bell has pre-
installed Symantec’s award-winning Norton Internet Security on your computer. 
The new Norton Internet Security™ runs quietly in the background to block today’s complex threats and protect your identity 
when you shop, bank, or browse online.
Norton Internet Security blocks online identity theft, detects and eliminates spyware, removes viruses and Internet worms, 
protects against hackers.

--- Page 31 ---
Helpdesk -  31
Definitions
What is a Virus?
Malicious software, typically called ‘viruses’, are programs designed to infect and damage computers. Most viruses are 
transmitted over the Internet, emails or malicious Web sites. A typical virus will replicate and pass itself undetected to 
multiple computers. Other forms of nuisance, such as Trojan horses, worms or spam can infect your computer in various ways, 
using up resources or clogging up a network.
Note: Packard Bell guarantees that your computer was 100% virus free at the time of purchase and does not cover 
damages due to viruses.
What is Spyware?
Spyware refers to generally unwanted programs that are downloaded onto your computer while connected to the Internet, 
often without you knowing it. Once it has infected your computer, it can snoop on your browsing activity, collect personal 
information, cause pop-up ads to appear, or even change the configuration of your computer. Spyware consumes resources 
on your computer; it can slow down your Internet connection or entire computer system, and even cause crashes.
Spyware is sometimes used by unscrupulous companies to monitor and track the sites you visit on the Internet so as to 
determine your web-surfing habits and display targeted pop-up ads on your screen. However, some kinds of spyware go 
beyond simple tracking and actually monitor keystrokes and capture passwords and other functions which pose a definite 
security risk. 
What is Malware?
Malicious software, also known as malware, is software designed to deliberately harm your computer. For example, viruses, 
worms, and Trojan horses are malicious software. To help protect your computer against malware, make sure it is using up-
to-date antivirus and anti-malware software.
What is a personal Firewall?
A personal firewall is a software program designed to prevent unauthorized access to or from a private network. It acts as a 
shield to protect your Internet connection from unwanted connections, some of which may attempt to take control of your 
computer to install or re-distribute viruses or malicious programs. Each connection to your computer is monitored - programs 
that attempt to receive information without your permission are detected and the firewall will display an alert. You can then 
decide if you will allow the connection, if the connection is to a program you are currently using then normally you would 
allow it (i.e. a game connecting to a multi-player server or an encyclopaedia making a content update).
How to protect your computer
Cybercrime prevention can be straight-forward - when armed with a little technical advice and common sense, many attacks 
can be avoided. In general, online criminals are trying to make their money as quickly and easily as possible. The more 
difficult you make their job, the more likely they are to leave you alone and move on to an easier target. The tips below 
provide basic information on how you can prevent online fraud.
Keep your computer current with the latest patches and updates. 
One of the best ways to keep attackers away from your computer is to apply patches and other software fixes when they 
become available. By regularly updating your computer, you block attackers from being able to take advantage of software 
flaws (vulnerabilities) that they could otherwise use to break into your system. 
While keeping your computer up-to-date will not protect you from all attacks, it makes it much more difficult for hackers to 
gain access to your system, blocks many basic and automated attacks completely, and might be enough to discourage a less-
determined attacker to look for a more vulnerable computer elsewhere. 
More recent versions of Microsoft Windows and other popular software can be configured to download and apply updates 
automatically so that you do not have to remember to check for the latest software. Taking advantage of "auto-update" 
features in your software is a great start toward keeping yourself safe online.

--- Page 32 ---
32 - Quick Start & Troubleshooting Guide
Protect your computer with security software. 
Several types of security software are necessary for basic online security. Security software essentials include firewall and 
antivirus programs. A firewall is usually your computer's first line of defense-it controls who and what can communicate with 
your computer online. You could think of a firewall as a sort of "policeman" that watches all the data attempting to flow in 
and out of your computer on the Internet, allowing communications that it knows are safe and blocking "bad" traffic such as 
attacks from ever reaching your computer. 
The next line of defense many times is your antivirus software, which monitors all online activities such as email messages 
and Web browsing and protects an individual from viruses, worms, Trojan horse and other types of malicious programs. Your 
antivirus and antispyware software should be configured to update itself, and it should do so every time you connect to the 
Internet. 
Integrated security suites such as Norton Internet Security combine firewall, antivirus, antispyware with other features such 
as antispam and parental controls have become popular as they offer all the security software needed for online protection in 
a single package. Many people find using a security suite an attractive alternative to installing and configuring several 
different types of security software as well as keeping them all up-to-date. 
A complete version of Norton Internet Security™ is pre-installed on your Packard Bell system. It includes a free 
trial subscription to protection updates. Make sure you Turn it On!
Choose strong passwords and keep them safe. 
Passwords are a fact of life on the Internet today; we use them for everything from ordering flowers and online banking to 
logging into our favorite airline Web site to see how many miles we have accumulated. The following tips can help make your 
online experiences secure: 
✓ Selecting a password that cannot be easily guessed is the first step toward keeping passwords secure and away from the 
wrong hands. Strong passwords have eight characters or more and use a combination of letters, numbers and symbols 
(e.g., # $ % ! ?). Avoid using any of the following as your password: your login name, anything based on your personal 
information such as your last name, and words that can be found in the dictionary. Try to select especially strong, unique 
passwords for protecting activities like online banking. 
✓ Keep your passwords in a safe place and try not to use the same password for every service you use online. 
✓ Change passwords on a regular basis, at least every 90 days. This can limit the damage caused by someone who has 
already gained access to your account. If you notice something suspicious with one of your online accounts, one of the first 
steps you can take is to change your password. 
Protect your personal information. 
Exercise caution when sharing personal information such as your name, home address, phone number, and email address 
online. To take advantage of many online services, you will inevitably have to provide personal information in order to handle 
billing and shipping of purchased goods. Since not divulging any personal information is rarely possible, the following list 
contains some advice for how to share personal information safely online: 
✓ Keep an eye out for phony email messages. Things that indicate a message may be fraudulent are misspellings, poor 
grammar, odd phrasings, Web site addresses with strange extensions, Web site addresses that are entirely numbers where 
there are normally words, and anything else out of the ordinary. Additionally, phishing messages will often tell you that 
you have to act quickly to keep your account open, update your security, or urge you to provide information immediately 
or else something bad will happen. Don't take the bait. 
✓ Don't respond to email messages that ask for personal information. Legitimate companies will not use email 
messages to ask for your personal information. When in doubt, contact the company by phone or by typing in the 
company Web address into your Web browser. Don't click on the links in these messages as they make take you to 
fraudulent, malicious Web sites. 
✓ Steer clear of fraudulent Web sites used to steal personal information. When visiting a Web site, type the 
address (URL) directly into the Web browser rather than following a link within an email or instant message. Fraudsters 
often forge these links to make them look convincing. A shopping, banking or any other Web site where sensitive 
information should have an "S" after the letters "http" (i.e. https://www.yourbank.com not http://www.yourbank.com). 
The "s" stands for secure and should appear when you are in an area requesting you to login or provide other sensitive

--- Page 33 ---
Helpdesk -  33
data. Another sign that you have a secure connection is the small lock icon in the bottom of your web browser (usually the 
right-hand corner). 
✓ Pay attention to privacy policies on Web sites and in software. It is important to understand how an organization 
might collect and use your personal information before you share it with them. 
✓ Guard your email address. Spammers and phishers sometimes send millions of messages to email addresses that may 
or may not exist in hopes of finding a potential victim. Responding to these messages or even downloading images 
ensures you will be added to their lists for more of the same messages in the future. Also be careful when posting your 
email address online in newsgroups, blogs or online communities. 
Online offers that look too good to be true usually are. 
The old saying "there's no such thing as a free lunch" still rings true today. Supposedly "free" software such as screen savers 
or smileys, secret investment tricks sure to make you untold fortunes, and contests that you've surprisingly won without 
entering are the enticing hooks used by companies to grab your attention. 
While you may not directly pay for the software or service with money, the free software or service you asked for may have 
been bundled with advertising software ("adware") that tracks your behavior and displays unwanted advertisements. You 
may have to divulge personal information or purchase something else in order to claim your supposed content winnings. If an 
offer looks so good it's hard to believe, ask for someone else's opinion, read the fine print, or even better, simply ignore it. 
Review bank and credit card statements regularly. 
The impact of identity theft and online crimes can be greatly reduced if you can catch it shortly after your data is stolen or 
when the first use of your information is attempted. One of the easiest ways to get the tip-off that something has gone wrong 
is by reviewing the monthly statements provided by your bank and credit card companies for anything out of the ordinary. 
Additionally, many banks and services use fraud prevention systems that call out unusual purchasing behavior (i.e. if you live 
in Texas and all of the sudden start buying refrigerators in Budapest). In order to confirm these out of the ordinary purchases, 
they might call you and ask you to confirm them. Don't take these calls lightly; this is your hint that something bad may have 
happened and you should take necessary action.
Protect your computer with Windows security tools.
Windows provides a variety of protection applications.
Windows Action Center 
Windows provides a central area from where you can control the security settings of your computer, helping you to protect it 
from Internet attacks and ensuring that the latest security updates have been downloaded and installed on your computer.
To open the Action Center, click on Start  > Control Panel > System and Security > Action Center.
Alternatively, if a security alert has been reported (in the 
Notification Area, next to the clock) then you can click on the 
notification balloon or double-click on the small Security Alert 
icon.
The  Action Center indicates the status and settings used for 
important applications that protect your computer. In addition 
Windows Firewall, Windows Defender and Windows Automatic 
Updates are provided by Microsoft as part of a comprehesive 
system to defend your computer. The antivirus application varies 
according to the program installed on your computer. 
 
 
Windows Firewall
Windows has a firewall that protects your computer when connected to the Internet. It stops programs from accessing the 
Internet without your permission.

--- Page 34 ---
34 - Quick Start & Troubleshooting Guide
Certain program need access to the Internet to function 
properly, or even function at all. If this is the case, you will 
usually be asked to allow access when you install a program, or 
the first time you use it. To check firewall settings, click on 
Start  > Control Panel > System and Security > 
Windows Firewall. 
Note: When you first start to use a Firewall it is in a 
‘Learning mode’, you may see pop-up windows alerting 
you that certain programs you know and trust wish to 
access the internet. After a period of time the Firewall will 
know your list of trusted programs and won’t ask for 
permission the next time the program tries to connect to 
the internet. The Firewall also protects your computer 
from programs from the internet trying to access your computer; this sometimes is necessary to allow access for program 
updates, downloads, etc.
Windows Updates
If you have an active Internet connection, Windows can check for important updates for your computer and install them 
automatically. These updates include security patches and program updates that can improve your computing experience 
and help protect your computer against new viruses and attacks.
Windows Defender
Windows Defender helps protect your computer against 
malicious and unwanted software, such as spyware and 
adware.  Windows Defender is installed and turned on by 
default. 
To help protect your privacy and your computer, Windows 
Defender includes real-time protection options. Real-time 
protection alerts you when spyware and other potentially 
unwanted software attempt to install themselves or run on 
your computer. You are also alerted if programs attempt to 
change important Windows settings.
Note: Windows Defender works with your Windows 
Update settings to automatically install the latest 
definitions.
User Account Control 
The  User Accounts control panel can help prevent 
unauthorized changes to your computer. User Accounts  will ask 
you for permission or an administrator password before performing 
actions that could potentially affect your computer's operation or 
that change settings that affect other users. When you see a User 
Account message, read it carefully, and then make sure the name 
of the action or program that's about to start is one that you 
intended to start. 
By verifying these actions before they start, User Account settings 
can help prevent malicious software (malware) and spyware from 
installing or making changes to your computer without permission.
To access User Account settings, click on Start  > Control 
Panel > User Accounts and Family Safety > User Accounts.

--- Page 35 ---
Helpdesk -  35
Note: You may turn off the User Account Control Messages (not recommended) in the User Account Control settings 
window.
Internet Explorer Security Settings
Internet sites use small files called cookies to keep track of user preferences and information. You can adjust your Internet 
browser's security settings to determine how much -or how little- information you are willing to accept from a Web site.
To access Internet Explorer security settings:
1. In Internet Explorer, click on Tools > Internet Options.
2. In the Privacy tab, move the slider up or down to select a setting.
How do I know when my computer is at risk?
If the Action Center reports an alert, or if your computer behaves erratically, crashes unexpectedly or if some of your programs 
do not work correctly, your computer may be infected by malicious software. However, do not blame every computer 
problem on a virus! If you suspect your computer is infected, the first thing to do is update -if you have not already done so, 
and run your antivirus and anti-spyware software.
Windows Remote Assistance
Remote Assistance allows a Windows user to temporarily 
take over a remote Windows computer over a network or the 
internet to resolve issues. Remote Assistance makes it 
possible to diagnose and repair problems with a computer 
without personally visiting it.
You can access Remote Assistance by clicking on Start  
>  All Programs > Maintenance > Windows Remote 
Assistance. Upon launching Remote Assistance, you will see 
a screen giving you the choice of either inviting someone to 
help you or offering to help someone.

--- Page 36 ---
36 - Quick Start & Troubleshooting Guide
DIAGNOSE & REPAIR
We all experience problems with our computer from time to time... Before calling the Customer Contact Centre, please read 
the following. This troubleshooting guide will help you diagnose and solve some common problems. Please note that the 
solutions proposed in either one of the cases below may not be limited to that specific case and may be used to solve other 
computer issues.
Note: Check the latest fixes on www.packardbell.com. Our online Troubleshooter can help you find solutions in a few 
clicks!
Top Troubleshooting Cases
Have a look at the ‘symptoms’ described below, see if they match the problem you encounter with your computer and follow 
the steps to fix the issue. Also remember to read our recommendations in the Safe Computing section (page 27) to get the 
most of your computer and prevent problems in the future.
 
 
Nothing displays on the screen (page 37) 
 
 
 
The screen freezes when the Packard Bell logo displays (page 38) 
 
 
 
The screen freezes when the Windows logo displays (page 39) 
 
 
 
The Windows desktop displays, but the operating system is not stable (page 39) 
 
 
 
The screen displays applications, but they crash or run erratically (page 40) 
 
 
HELPDESK

--- Page 37 ---
Helpdesk -  37
Nothing displays on the screen
Your computer is in suspend or power saving mode.
1. If the computer is in power saving mode, press a key on the keyboard to 
"wake up" the computer.
2. If the computer is in Sleep mode, press the power button. After a short pause 
the light should light up and you will be able to use your computer.
A screen saver may be active.
1. Press a key to reactivate the display. 
2. If you wish to change the screen saver properties:
a. Close all open programs, with the exception of Windows.
b. Right-click on an empty spot on the Windows desktop.
c. Select Personalize from the menu.
d. Click on the Screen saver icon.
e. Adjust the screen saver properties and the energy saving features to 
your needs.
Check your connections:
1. Check the power cable connection between your computer, the AC adapter and the power outlet.
Test the power socket:
1. Plug any other electrical device on the wall socket and check if it works. 
2. If it does not, your wall socket is may be faulty.
Try to reset your computer: 
1. Unplug the power cable from the wall socket, remove the battery and keep the power button pressed for at least ten 
seconds.
2. Then release it, put the battery back, connect the power cable again and press the power button to turn on your 
computer.
Check your battery: 
1. Check that the battery is correctly inserted.
2. Check that the battery is sufficiently charged. 
3. Connect the AC adapter and attempt to start your computer.
Disconnect or remove additional devices: 
A faulty device or battery can prevent the system from starting in some situations.
Removing additional external devices
These devices may include a printer, a scanner, a modem, etc.
1. Disconnect all external devices from your computer. 
2. Try to restart your computer and check if it works correctly.
3. If it does not, please contact the Customer Contact Center.

--- Page 38 ---
38 - Quick Start & Troubleshooting Guide
Removing the battery
1. Remove the battery. Usually, you just have to unlock it at the bottom of the base and pull it out.
2. Leave the AC power adaptor plugged to both your computer and the wall socket.
3. Try to switch your computer on and wait for at least 15 minutes. 
4. Check if the power adapter gets warm.
Removing additional internal hardware
Internal hardware could be items such as additional memory, a network card, etc.
1. Remove any additional internal device you have installed. Note that if a third party installed a device, we advise you to 
refer to them to remove the device. 
2. Try to restart your computer and check if it works fine. 
Check InfoCentre to learn more about your computer. Don’t forget to download your InfoCentre updates!
 
Caution: You should only open your computer if you are an advanced user, or if you are asked to do so by 
a qualified Packard Bell technician.
The screen freezes when the Packard Bell logo displays
When the computer starts, it first performs a test of all system requirements. When 
the computer is functioning correctly, it emits a short beep and starts up. However, 
if the test fails, the computer may freeze when the Packard Bell logo displays. 
Restart your computer
Press the TAB or ESC key to while the computer starts to display some details. 
 Set the BIOS to default settings.
Press Del or F2 when starting your computer to enter the BIOS. This controls the 
hardware of your computer. You should only enter the BIOS if you are an advanced user, or when asked to do so by a 
qualified technician. 
1. Select Exit in the top menu using the arrow keys or mouse (if available).
2. Select the Default Values in the menu and press Enter. Press OK to confirm. 
3. Select Save Changes and Exit and press Enter. Press OK to confirm. 
4. The computer will automatically restart. 
Try to start your computer with a different boot device.
Press F12 when starting your computer to enter the boot menu (this feature may not be available on all computers). If your 
first boot device is HDD, change it into CD or DVD using the arrow keys and press Enter to exit. 
Disconnect or remove additional devices. 
Please read Removing additional external devices, Removing the battery and Removing additional internal hardware on page 
37. 
Use the Packard Bell Troubleshooter on the Packard Bell Support Website.  
Our online Troubleshooter (troubleshooter.packardbell.com) is an easy-to-use tool that provides quick access to 
troubleshooting solutions. Answer a few questions and our smart engine will help you with the right solution.

--- Page 39 ---
Helpdesk -  39
The screen freezes when the Windows logo displays
During the start-up process, Windows runs a number of checks. If it detects incorrect 
settings, damaged or missing software or hardware components, the system will 
likely hang. To fix this, try to restart your computer using one of the options below. 
Start your computer in Safe Mode to use basic files and drivers.
1. Switch your computer on.
2. When the Packard Bell logo appears, press F8 to access the advanced start-
up options. 
3. Use the arrow keys to highlight Safe Mode and press Enter.
Start with the Last Known Good Configuration.
This option will restore the system settings that were in effect the last time the computer started successfully. This may 
cause your computer to lose data that you have entered the last time you used it. 
1. Switch your computer on.
2. When the Packard Bell logo appears, press F8 on your keyboard to access the advanced startup options. 
3. Use the arrow keys to highlight Last Known Good Configuration and press Enter.
Uninstall software.
If your computer does not function correctly after you have installed new programs, try uninstalling them. 
Click on Start  > Control Panel > Programs > Programs and Features.
Go back to previous restore point with Windows System Restore (see page 29).
Disconnect or remove additional devices. 
Please read Removing additional external devices, Removing the battery and Removing additional internal hardware on page 
37. 
Use the Packard Bell Troubleshooter on the Packard Bell Support Website.  
Our online Troubleshooter (http://troubleshooter.packardbell.com) is an easy-to-use tool that provides quick access to 
troubleshooting solutions. Answer a few questions and our smart engine will help you with the right solution.
The Windows desktop displays, but the operating system is not 
stable
Even when your computer starts successfully, you cannot go further and use your 
programs correctly. Ask yourself the following questions and try to find the solution 
to your problem with the answers proposed. 
Did you install new programs? 
Installing new software may cause conflict with your existing software. If your 
computer does not function correctly after you have installed new programs, try 
to uninstall them. 
Click on Start  > Control Panel > Programs > Programs and Features.
 Did you notice strange behaviour in Internet browser or email program?
Most problems affecting Internet applications, and potentially your whole operating system are caused by malicious 
software propagated when you are connected. To check if your computer has been infected, run a check with your antivirus 
and anti-spyware programs. To be fully efficient, these protection programs must be up-to-date. Please refer to the Security
chapter (page 30) to learn more about keeping your computer safe.

--- Page 40 ---
40 - Quick Start & Troubleshooting Guide
 Update your system files using Windows Update
Windows Update is a catalogue of items such as drivers, security fixes, critical updates, the latest Help files, and Internet 
products that you can download to keep your computer running smoothly and up-to-date.
1. Click on Start  > All Programs > Windows Update.
2. Select Check for updates and Yes when prompted to install any required software or device drivers. 
 Did you install new hardware?
When you install a new hardware device, Windows usually detects it automatically and copies the appropriate files 
(drivers) to your computer to make it work. This process modifies the system files and can sometimes generate conflicts 
within Windows. 
Device Manager 
1. Open the Device Manager (Start  > Control Panel > System and Security
> Device Manager). This allows you to view the status of your hardware devices.
2. If you see any “!” or “?” signs in front of a device name, going back to a previous 
version of that driver may help:
1. Right-click on your device and select Properties. 
2. Click on the Driver tab and select Roll Back Driver. 
Go back to previous restore point with System Restore.
System Restore monitors the changes to your computer and automatically creates restore points to revert to a previous time 
if necessary. It can undo harmful changes to your computer and restore its settings and performance, while saving your 
personal data files (such as documents, browsing history, drawings, favourites, or emails). Please see page 39 for more 
details. 
If your computer cannot display the Windows desktop:
Restart your computer, press the Alt+F10 key upon start-up when the Packard Bell logo appears to start the Recovery 
Program.
The screen displays applications, but they crash or run 
erratically
When your programs run erratically, there are good chances that your operating 
system may not be functioning correctly. Please also check the recommendations on 
the previous case (page 39) if the steps below do not help solve your problem. 
Close programs using Windows Task Manager
If you cannot close your programs by clicking on the cross in the top right corner 
of the screen, try using the Task Manager. 
1. Press the Ctrl+Alt+Del keys simultaneously or right-click on an empty space on the taskbar and select Task 
Manager.
2. Select the failing program in the list and click on End Task.
Does this happen with only one application?
If you notice that a specific program does not work correctly, try uninstalling and reinstalling it. 
Click on Start  > Control Panel > Programs > Programs and Features.

--- Page 41 ---
Helpdesk -  41
Are there updates available for the erratic application(s)?
If you do not notice improvement after reinstalling your program, please check the software editor's Website for updates. 
If the program was originally supplied with your computer, you may check the Packard Bell Support Website on 
www.packardbell.com for downloads as well. 
Is your computer up-to-date?
Malicious programs such as virus and spyware can infect your computer and cause some of your programs to malfunction. 
To fix this problem and avoid it in the future, make sure you run antivirus and anti-spyware regularly and get the latest 
updates. For more on keeping your computer up-to-date, please refer to the Updates chapter on page 30. 
If your computer cannot display the Windows desktop:
Restart your computer, press the Alt+F10 key upon start-up when the Packard Bell logo appears to start the Recovery 
Program.
Miscellaneous Troubleshooting
Keyboard & Touchpad
My Keyboard Does Not Work
1. The numeric keypad is disabled (only on models featuring a numeric keypad).
When the Num Lock key is active, the numeric keypad can be used to enter numbers, like the keyboard of a 
calculator. When the Num Lock key is not activated, the keypad either functions as a second set of cursor keys 
(on "full-sized" keyboards), or they revert to normal letter keys (on certain compact keyboards).
My touchpad does not work
1. Your computer may feature a Touchpad Lock button. The Touchpad Lock button toggles the touchpad on or 
off to avoid unwanted cursor movements when using the keyboard. Check that this featuree is not active.
2. The controller properties may not be properly set up.
If the pointer moves with difficulty, too quickly or too slowly, or if double clicking does 
not work all the time, try adjusting the properties of your controller.
a. Click on Start  > Control Panel > Hardware and Sound > Mouse.
b. Click on the different tabs to access the properties and modify how the
touchpad acts.
c. Click on Apply to confirm your settings then on OK to close the window.
Display
The Display Is Not Centred or Gets Wavy
1. I see thin lines scrolling down the screen, flickering images or wavy displays. 
a. Interference from other appliances or magnetic sources may cause irregular images on your 
screen.
b. Switch your computer off and restart it. This should automatically adjust your display.
Note: The magnitude of interference, noise or distortion depends on your screen's proximity to sources such as TV sets, 
mobile phones, other monitors, refrigerators, large stereo speakers, power adapters, halogen lighting with built-in power

--- Page 42 ---
42 - Quick Start & Troubleshooting Guide
supply or motor driven appliances. Faulty fluorescent light assemblies or the proximity to high voltage lines can also cause 
distorted images. Place your computer as far as possible from these sources.
Sound
Upon Startup, My Computer Emits a Continuous Beeping Sound
1. There may be a stuck key on the keyboard or a stuck button on the touchpad: 
a. Switch your computer OFF.
b. Press all the keys of your keyboard to ensure that no key is stuck.
c. Tap the touchpad buttons to ensure that none of them are stuck.
d. Switch your computer ON again.
My Computer Has no Sound
1. The speaker volume may be set too low.
Adjust the volume controls (either on your speakers, keyboard (with an Fn key combination) or on the computer).
2. The Windows main volume control needs adjusting.
a. Click on the speaker icon on the right side of the Notification Area to make the volume control bar appear. 
b. If you cannot see this icon, go to the Control Panel to display it.
c. If this icon has "disappeared", click on the arrow in the Notification Area and then on the icon to display it (to 
reduce clutter in the Notification Area, icons that have not been used in a while are hidden). 
3. Your computer's volume control settings need adjusting.
a. Click on the speaker icon in the Notification Area.
b. Click and hold the slider to adjust the volume level.
c. Make sure the Mute option is NOT active.
d. If necessary, click on Speakers to change the type of audio output (for 
example, if you are using digital audio over an HDMI cable).
e. To display more volume controls, click on the device or application 
image.
4. Your sound hardware does not work properly.
a. Check that your sound card is correctly configured. Click on Start  > Control Panel > Hardware and 
Sound > Sound. In the Playback tab, select an audio device and click on Properties to modify its settings.
5. Your computer will not play audio CDs.
a. Make sure that your computer sound is set up properly (see previous steps).
b. Make sure that the disc's printed side is facing upward in the drive and that the disc is lying flat in the drive tray.
c. Wait for the disc drive's indicator light (busy signal) to stop flashing before you try to start the CD player program.
d. Make sure that the disc's surface is clean and scratch free. 
e. Make sure the CD is not copy-protected. Some audio CDs include a copy protection mechanism to avoid illegal 
copying. This mechanism prevents the CDs from being played or copied on a computer. In this case, playback is only 
possible on conventional CD or DVD players. 
Internet
In order to get the best possible Internet connection, ensure that you:
✓ Always connect to a grounded power socket (a standard “earthed” 3 pin socket).
✓ Connect your modem directly to the phone socket.
✓ Avoid using telephone extension cables (this degrades the signal quality).
✓ In thunderstorm conditions, make sure that you disconnect your modem from the telephone line 
and pull out the power cord from the power outlet.

--- Page 43 ---
Helpdesk -  43
You Cannot Connect to the Internet
1. Your account details have not been released yet. 
a. After you have just performed your online subscription with an Internet Service Provider (ISP), it is recommended 
that you restart your computer to complete the Internet setup process.
b. The first time you use your Internet connection, your account may not be accepted immediately. Certain ISPs 
require a short setup period to process your account details. Please wait 30 minutes before you try to connect to 
their services again.
2. You entered an incorrect user name and/or password.
a. Check your user ID and password. Re-type them if necessary. 
b. Check exact spelling (upper and lower case, or any punctuation).
c. Check the login and setup information given to you by your ISP
3. The server you are trying to connect to is out of order.
Check with your ISP whether the service is available.
4. Your Internet settings (browser, email, or connection) may have been changed.
When you subscribe, your ISP usually provides connection details (user name, password, server phone number, email 
address, etc.). Check these details and restore your Internet settings, following the procedure given by your ISP.
5. Your account with your Internet Service Provider has been terminated or your ISP server is unavailable.
Contact your ISP and check the access conditions to their Internet server.
6. You have moved and your dialling location has changed.
a. Change your settings by clicking on Start  > Control Panel. 
Change the View by: option to Large icons, then select Phone 
and Modem. 
b. Specify your new location and any special options for your phone 
line. 
c. Click on OK. 
d. Change the View by: option back to Category when you have 
finished.
7. You have used the Recovery Management program.
a. If your Internet access required you to install software, you should 
reinstall this software.
You are using a dial-up modem (optional)
1. The modem may not be connected properly. 
Check the modem cable connections between the computer and the telephone socket.
If your computer has a network port, make sure your modem cable is connected to your modem port and not to your 
network port.
2. The telephone line may already be in use. 
Free the telephone line before you dial a modem connection. You cannot phone and connect to the Internet at the same 
time if both your telephone and your modem use the same line.
3. There is no dial tone
a. Disconnect your modem and plug in a telephone to check the integrity of your telephone line. If you can hear a 
normal dialling tone on the phone, then your modem or cable may be defective.
b. Check that the dialling type is correctly set-up for your country. Click on  Start  > Control Panel. Change the 
View by: option to Large icons, then select Phone and Modem. Make any changes to match your phone 
configuration and click on OK to finish.
4. The modem is used by another program ("COM port in use" error message).

--- Page 44 ---
44 - Quick Start & Troubleshooting Guide
You may have a telephone or fax program running; These use the modem and make it unavailable for other applications:
a. Close all programs that might use the modem (e.g. telephone or fax software).
b. Restart the computer. This will reset all connections.
You are using DSL or cable connection
1. Your DSL connection has not been activated. 
Your ISP may need to contact your local telephone operator to activate DSL access on your line. Depending on the chosen 
provider, this may take several weeks. To enquire about your connection, please contact your ISP.
2. Your DSL modem is not picking up the line. 
a. Check all cable connections (e.g., plugs, sockets, filters).
b. Disconnect your modem and plug in a telephone to check the integrity of your telephone line. If you can hear a 
normal dialling tone on the phone, then your modem or cable may be defective.
3. Your modem is defective. 
Check the status lights on your modem and refer to manufacturer's documentation. If the problem persists and the 
connection has been previously working, then contact your ISP.
When Surfing the Internet, You Get an Error Message
1. You are not connected. 
a. Look at the lower right part of the Notification Area. 
b. If you cannot see the connection bars  , right click on the Task Bar at the bottom of your screen and 
choose Properties.  
Click on the Customize button in the Notification area section.  
Place a tick in the box in front of Always show all icons and notifications on the taskbar and then OK.
c. The Networks connection icon indicates if you have a reliable network connection (either wireless or over a cable).
d. Click on the icon, then select Open Network and Sharing Center to see more information.
2. A connection to the remote site cannot be established. 
Try again later or check with your ISP whether the service is available.
3. A pop up message warns you that the page contains errors (e.g. ‘the page contains javascript errors’).
Simply click on OK to close the message window. 
You Cannot Send or Receive Emails
1. You are not connected. 
To send and receive emails, you need to be connected to the Internet. Look for the network connection icon at the lower 
right part of the Notification Area. Please see "When Surfing the Internet, You Get an Error Message" on page 44. 
2. Your ISP or that of your recipient is having technical difficulties. 
Try again later or check with your ISP whether the service is available.
3. Using several ISPs or email accounts can cause problems. 
Check that you have selected the correct ISP for the account you are attempting to use.
4. Your Internet account settings may have been changed.
a. Disconnect from the Internet: Close Windows Mail and any other applications.
b. Check your connection details (username, password, server phone number, email address, etc.) and restore your 
Internet settings, following the procedure given by your ISP.
5. You have sent a message but and get an error message in reply.
a. Check the spelling of your recipient's email address.
b. Check with your recipient that the email address is still valid.

--- Page 45 ---
Helpdesk -  45
Printer
A printer may have been provided when you purchased your computer, or you may have purchased one 
later. Make sure you follow the installation instructions provided with the printer.
My printer does not work
The guidelines below cover the most common types of problems encountered with printers. Please read your printer's 
manual for specific instructions. Should you need further assistance, please contact the manufacturer of your printer.
Adding Software and Hardware
In the event you encounter a problem with a new program or hardware, please check the supplied documentation as well as 
the manufacturer's website. For support, please contact the manufacturer's hotline. Packard Bell cannot be held responsible 
for any damage caused by adding hardware or software.
Software
Before purchasing new programs, check that they can run on your computer. Each software program 
has system requirements, such as the amount of memory or hard drive space needed to run. These 
requirements can usually be found printed on the software box or on the website for the software. 
 
Problem/Error Solution
The printer is OFF Switch the printer ON
The printer is OFF Line Press the printer's on line button
The printer is out of paper Add paper
The paper is jammed See your printer's user's guide for information about clearing paper jams.
The printer has generated 
an error message
See your printer's manual for information about resolving error messages.
The printer is not 
connected properly
Check that the cables are securely connected to the printer and computer. 
Use a grounded AC power outlet (or power strip). Remember to shut down your computer 
and printer before disconnecting or reconnecting any cables.
No power is supplied to 
the printer
Plug the printer into a different wall socket.
Restart the computer and printer again and try printing to determine if the previous socket 
was faulty.
The printer cable is 
damaged
If you have another printer cable, try using it to determine if your printer cable is faulty.
Your printer is not 
installed correctly in 
Windows
Try reinstalling your printer. See your printer's manual for information about installing the 
printer in Windows.

--- Page 46 ---
46 - Quick Start & Troubleshooting Guide
1. Check your computer's specifications
•System Information
Click on Start  > All Programs > Accessories > System Tools > System 
Information. Select an item and click on the + to display more options.
Note: For a quick overview of your computer's specifications, please read the model 
description on your computer's packaging.
2. Installing a program
When you install a new program, first read the instructions included with it as installation 
instructions can vary from product to product.
a. Before installing any new program, be sure all other applications are closed.
b. Insert the CD or DVD. Most CDs or DVDs start automatically and display an installation screen. If the disc does not start 
automatically: 
c. Right-click on the disc's icon and select Explore. Double-click on the Setup (or Install) icon and follow the on-screen 
instructions.
3. Uninstalling a program
a. Click on Start  > Control Panel > Programs > Programs 
and Features.
b. Select the program you want to uninstall.
c. Click on Uninstall/Change to start the program’s uninstall process.
Hardware
Caution: Packard Bell strongly recommends that you never change your computer's hardware 
configuration. Incorrect operations may damage your computer and is not covered by any warranty. You 
should only open your computer when asked to do so by a qualified Packard Bell technician.
Before purchasing a new hardware device, check that it can be used on your computer. 
1. Check your computer's specifications (see Check your computer's specifications on page 46).
2. Internal hardware component
If you wish to install an internal hardware component, it will be necessary to open your computer. For best results, an 
authorised service provider should perform such installation. For further information on upgrading your system's Random 
Access Memory (RAM) or Processor (CPU), please refer to InfoCentre.
3. External hardware device
Installing a new hardware device such as a printer, scanner, joystick, etc. is not a complicated task.
Each type of device has its own installation specifications, so please check the documentation provided with each device to 
know how to install it properly. Remember to shut down your computer and device before disconnecting or reconnecting 
any cables.
Note: If you have problems installing your new hardware, you should check the supplied manual first. If you are still having 
difficulties, please contact the manufacturer or retailer, or check their website for more help and advice.
Resetting your Hardware Configuration
If you encounter some problems with your original computer hardware drivers, you may want to restore the hardware 
configuration so that it is exactly as it was when your computer left the factory. Please refer to the Recovering your system
section on page 47 for details.

--- Page 47 ---
Helpdesk -  47
RECOVERING YOUR SYSTEM
If the troubleshooting steps (page 36) did not help fix your problem, you can run the Packard Bell Recovery Management
program. This will restore your computer to the same state as when you purchased it, while giving you an option to retain all 
settings and personal data for later retrieval.
To recover your system
1. Create recovery discs as soon as you can.
You can use these discs later for recovering your system from significant hardware and software problems. For instructions, 
see “Creating recovery discs” on page 18.
2. Perform minor fixes.
If only one or two items of software or hardware have stopped working correctly, the problem may be solved by reinstalling 
the software or the device drivers. To recover software and drivers that were pre-installed at the factory, see “Recovering 
pre-installed software and drivers” on page 47. For instructions on reinstalling software and drivers that were not pre-
installed, see that product’s documentation or technical support Web site.
3. Revert to a previous system condition.
If reinstalling software or drivers does not help, then the problem may be solved by returning your system to a previous 
state when everything was working correctly. For instructions, see “Returning to a previous system condition” on page 48.
4. Reset your system to its factory condition.
If nothing else has solved the problem and you want to reset your system to factory condition, see “Returning your system 
to its factory condition” on page 49.
Recovering pre-installed software and drivers
As a troubleshooting step, you may need to reinstall the software and device drivers that came pre-installed on your 
computer from the factory. You can recover using either your hard drive or the backup discs you have created.
• New software - If you need to recover software that did not come pre-installed on your computer, you need to follow that 
software’s installation instructions. 
• New device drivers - If you need to recover device drivers that did not come pre-installed on your computer, follow the 
instructions provided with the device.
To recover your pre-installed software and drivers:
1. Click on Start  > All Programs > Packard Bell, then click on Packard Bell Recovery Management. Packard Bell
Recovery Management opens.
- OR -
If you are recovering from your driver and application recovery disc, insert it into the disc drive, then go to Step 3 after the 
Packard Bell Application Recovery main menu opens.
2. Click on the Restore tab, then click Reinstall applications/drivers. The Packard Bell Application Recovery main menu 
opens.
HELPDESK

--- Page 48 ---
48 - Quick Start & Troubleshooting Guide
3. Click on Contents. A list of software and device drivers opens.
4. Click on the install icon for the item you want to install, then follow the on-screen prompts to complete the installation. 
Repeat this step for each item you want to reinstall.
Returning to a previous system condition
Microsoft System Restore periodically takes ’snapshots’ of your system settings and saves them as restore points. In most 
cases of hard-to-resolve software problems, you can return to one of these restore points to get your system running again.
Windows automatically creates an additional restore point each day, and also each time you install software or device drivers.
Help: For more information about using Microsoft System Restore, click Start, then click Help and Support. Type 
windows system restore in the Search Help box, then press Enter.
To return to a restore point:
1. Click on Start  > Control Panel > Action Center, then click on Recovery. 
2. Click on Open System Restore, then Next. 
3. Click on he restore point you want, click on Next, then Finish. A confirmation message box appears.
4. Click on Yes. Your system is restored using the restore point you specified. This process may take several minutes, and may 
restart your computer.

--- Page 49 ---
Helpdesk -  49
Returning your system to its factory condition
If your computer experiences problems that are not recoverable by other methods, you may need to reinstall everything to 
return your system to its factory condition. You can reinstall using either your hard drive or the recovery discs you have 
created.
Caution: This complete recovery deletes everything on your hard drive, then reinstalls Windows and all 
software and drivers that were pre-installed on your system. If you can access important files on your 
hard drive, back them up now. 
• If you can still run Windows, see “Recovering from within Windows” below.
• If you cannot run Windows and your original hard drive is still working, see “Recovering from the hard drive during startup” 
on page 49.
• If you cannot run Windows and your original hard drive has been completely re-formatted or you have installed a 
replacement hard drive, see “Recovering from your recovery discs” on page 49.
Recovering from within Windows
To reinstall Windows and all pre-installed software and drivers:
1. Click on Start  > All Programs > Packard Bell, then click on Packard Bell Recovery Management. Packard Bell
Recovery Management opens.
2. Click on the Restore tab, then Restore system to factory default. The Confirm Restoration dialogue box opens.
3. Click on Yes, then Start. A dialogue box displays information about the hard drive that the operating system will be 
recovered to.
Caution: Continuing the process will erase all files on your hard drive. 
4. Click on OK. The recovery process begins by restarting your computer, then continues by copying files to your hard drive. 
This process may take a while, but a Packard Bell Recovery Management screen shows you its progress.
When the recovery has finished, a dialogue box prompts you to restart your computer.
5. Click on OK. Your computer restarts.
6. Follow the on-screen prompts for first-time system setup.
Recovering from the hard drive during startup
To reinstall Windows and all pre-installed software and drivers:
1. Turn on your computer, then press Alt+F10 during startup. Packard Bell Recovery Management opens.
2. Click on Restore system from factory default. 
Caution: Continuing the process will erase all files on your hard drive. 
3. Click on Next. Your hard drive’s original, factory-loaded contents are recovered. This process will take several minutes.
Recovering from your recovery discs
To reinstall Windows and all pre-installed software and drivers:
1. Turn on your computer, insert the first system recovery disc into your optical disc drive, then restart your computer.
Caution: Continuing the process will erase all files on your hard drive. 
2. During startup, press F12 to open the boot menu. The boot menu is where you can select which device to start from, such 
as the hard drive or an optical disc.
3. Use your arrow keys to select CDROM/DVD, then press Enter. Windows installs from the recovery disc you inserted.
4. Insert the second recovery disc when prompted, then follow the on-screen prompts to complete the recovery.

--- Page 50 ---
50 - Quick Start & Troubleshooting Guide
REGULATORY INFORMATION
CE COMPLIANCE REQUIREMENT
Products with the CE marking comply with both the Electromagnetic Compatibility Directive (2004/108/EC) and the Low Voltage 
Directive (2006/95/EC) issued by the Council of the European Communities.
Compliance with these directives implies conformity to the following European Standards:
EN55022: Radio disturbance characteristics
EN55024: Immunity characteristics
EN61000-3-2: Limitation of harmonic current emissions
EN61000-3-3: Limitation of voltage fluctuation and flicker in low-voltage supply system
EN60950-1: Product Safety. If your computer includes a telecommunication network board, the input/output socket is classified as Telecommunication 
Network Voltage (TNV-3).
Note for computers equipped with wireless controllers and wired modems:
Hereby, Packard Bell, declares that the wireless devices provided with this computer include a low power radio transmitter in 
full compliance with the essential requirements and other relevant provisions of Directive 1999/05/EC for Low Voltage, EMC and 
RF of the R&TTE.
EN300328 - Electromagnetic compatibility and Radio spectrum Matters (ERM).
EN301489-1/-7/-17/-24 - EMC standard for radio equipment and services, common technical requirements.
EN301893 - Broadband Radio Access Network, 5GHz high performance RLAN, harmonized EN covering essential requirements of article 3.2 of R&TTE 
directive.
EN62311 - Generic standard to demonstrate the compliance of low power electronic and electrical apparatus with the basic restrictions related to 
human exposure to electromagnetic fields.
This product must be used in strict accordance with the regulations and constraints in the country of use. For further information, contact the local office 
in the country of use.
List of applicable countries
EU member states as of March 2009 are: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, 
Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, The Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden and 
United Kingdom.
M
ODIFICATIONS TO THE PRODUCT
CE Marking
Packard Bell cannot be held responsible for unauthori
s
ed modifications made by the user and the consequences thereof, which may alter the 
conformity of the product with the CE Marking.
Radio Frequency Interference
The manufacturer is not responsible for any radio or TV interference caused by unauthori
s
ed modifications to this equipment.
CONNECTIONS AND REMOTE EARTHS
PELV (Protected Extra Low Voltage)
To ensure the extra-low voltage integrity of the equipment, only connect equipment with mains-protected electrically-compatible circuits to the 
external ports.
SELV (Safety Extra Low Voltage)
Every input and output of this product is classified as Safety Extra Low Voltage.
Remote Earths
To prevent electrical shock, connect all local (individual office) computers and computer support equipment to the same electrical circuit of the building 
wiring. If you are unsure, check the building wiring to avoid remote earth conditions.
Building Supply
Only connect the equipment to a building supply that is in accordance with current wiring regulations in your country. In the U.K., these are the IEE 
regulations.
P
OWER SUPPLY AND CABLES
Power Supply
The power supply socket-inlet and socket-outlet (if equipped) are classified as Hazardous Voltage.

--- Page 51 ---
Regulatory Information -  51
You must unplug the power supply cord and remove the battery to disconnect the equipment from the power supply. In that aim, the socket-outlet 
should be installed near to the equipment and should be easily accessible.
Input rating: Refer to the rating label on the bottom of the computer and ensure that your power adapter complies with the specified rating.
Under no circumstances should the user attempt to disassemble the power supply. The power supply has no user-replaceable parts. Inside the power 
supply are hazardous voltages that can cause serious personal injury. 
A defective power supply must be returned to your dealer.
Power Cables and Plug
This Product requires a three-wire grounded power cord and plug. The plug only fits in a grounded power outlet. Make sure the power outlet is properly 
grounded before inserting the plug. Do not insert the plug into a non-grounded power outlet. Contact your electrician for details.
The cord length must not exceed 2.5 metres. To prevent electrical hazards, do not remove or disable the ground contact on the power cord. Replace the 
power cord if it gets damaged. Contact your dealer for an exact replacement. In Europe, the plug must be rated for 250 VAC, 10 amp minimum. The plug 
must display an international agency approval marking. The cord must be suitable for use in the end-user country. Consult your dealer or the local 
electrical authorities if you are unsure of the type of power cord to use in your country.
Cables
For cables which are not delivered with the Product in the computer's packaging:
The EMC performance of the system is guaranteed only if the cable and interface use efficient shielding.
The use of shielded interface cable is required for USB, IEEE1394, serial, printer, game, analogue or digital audio/ video, Ethernet LAN, PS2, TV or FM 
antennas, and generally all high-speed cable interfaces.
Use only UL Listed No. 26AWG or larger telecommunication cords.
Only Ethernet LAN or RTC modem cable can have length exceeding 3 metres. 
Packard Bell recommends that you add a ferrite core round clip to each cable connecting your Packard Bell computer to a hardware device that has not 
been delivered with your computer.
 Ferrite reference: 28A-2029 from Steward (two loops)
For Ethernet LAN cable, use FTP shielded cables only (cat ≥ 5).
During product certification, Packard Bell used the following cable quality:
 USB2.0 Certified Cables from Hama 46778 
 IEEE1394 shielded FireWire from Hama 50011 
 RCA-RCA shielded Audio/Video Cables from Thomson KHC001M, KHC012M, KHC028M 
 Stereo Jack shielded Audio cables from Hama 43330H, 42714H 
 Ethernet Shielded Cables Cat 5e from Hama 50030
Heat Build-up and Portable Computers
The AC adapter and the underside of the computer can become hot after prolonged use. Sustained physical contact with either should be avoided.
C
HASSIS COVER REMOVAL AND REPLACEMENT
Before removing the chassis cover to service or modify the equipment, you must disconnect all power and modem cords, and remove the battery. 
Caution: Some components inside the computer can become hot after prolonged use.
You then must close the chassis before you plug in and switch on the equipment.
L
ASER COMPLIANCE STATEMENT
The optical devices are tested and certified to be compliant with International Electrotechnical Commission IEC60825-1 and European EN60825-1 
standards for Class 1 laser products.
Class 1 laser products are not considered hazardous. The optical devices are designed such that there is never human access to laser radiation above a 
Class 1 level during normal operation or prescribed maintenance conditions. 
The optical devices installed in your computer are designed for use solely as components of such electronic product and therefore do not comply with 
the appropriate requirements of Code of Federal Regulation Sec. 1040.10 and Sec. 1040.11 for COMPLETE laser products.
Because exposure to laser radiation is extremely hazardous, under no circumstances should the user attempt to disassemble the laser device.
P
ACKAGING
The packaging of this product is compliant with the European Environmental Directive 94/62/EC from December 20 th  1994 and its equivalent in the 
French Legislation by the Decree 98-638 from july 20 th 1998.
C
OMPLIANT WITH RUSSIAN REGULATORY CERTIFICATION

--- Page 52 ---
52 - Quick Start & Troubleshooting Guide
ENVIRONMENT
PACKARD BELL’S COMMITMENT TO ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION
Environment has been at the heart of our products.
Packard Bell is committed to limit the environmental impact of its products during product lifecycle.
Starting at design phase, with a very strict procurement policy, maximum attention is given to electronic components in order to limit their weight in 
heavy metals such as lead, cadmium, chromium, mercury, etc. Suppliers are asked, for each part of any product, to respect all regulations.
As far as end-of-life products are concerned, measures have been taken to anticipate and facilitate the recycling of all our products. Thus, all plastic 
parts heavier than 25 grams used in Packard Bell products are labelled ISO 11469. This label allows a quick recognition of the material and eases its 
valorisation. Likewise, desktop computers are designed to be easily dismantled, with screws being replaced by clips. 
E
NERGY STAR® PARTNERSHIP
Note: This section is applicable only to systems with an Energy Star® sticker.
 
Packard Bell is an official partner of the Energy Star® program. 
Energy Star® was introduced by the US environmental Protection Agency in 1992 as a voluntary labelling program designed to 
promote energy-efficient products, in order to reduce carbon dioxide emissions. By joining this program, Packard Bell will help 
reduce your energy bill and contribute to reducing air pollution and protecting the earth's climate for future generations.
Packard Bell has determined that all Packard Bell monitors meet the Energy Star® guidelines for energy efficiency.
You can find more information about Energy Star® on the Energy Star® web site: www.energystar.gov.
P
RODUCT DISPOSAL
The 2002/96/EC Directive, known as Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE) Directive, requires that used electrical 
and electronic products must be disposed of separately from normal household waste in order to promote reuse, recycling and 
other forms of recovery and to reduce the quantity of waste to be eliminated with a view to reducing landfill and incineration. 
The crossed-out dustbin logo is there to remind you that these products must be sorted separately for disposal. These rules 
concern all Packard Bell products and also all accessories, such as keyboard, mouse, speakers, remote control, etc. When you have 
to dispose of such products, make sure that they are correctly recycled by checking with your local authority, or by returning your 
old equipment to your retailer if you are replacing it. For information, visit www.packardbell.com/recycling.
Battery Disposal (when applicable)
Before disposing of your equipment ensure that you have removed any batteries that may be fitted in the equipment. European law states that batteries 
must be collected for disposal separately from household waste. Do not throw your used batteries in the dustbin. Dispose of your used batteries via a 
battery collection scheme where available, or ask your distributor or local authority what infrastructures you can use. Your efforts will enable the safe 
collection, recycling and destruction of used batteries and will help protect the environment and reduce health hazards.
Caution: Risk of explosion if battery is replaced by an incorrect type. Dispose of used batteries according to the instructions. 
 
Mercury advisory
For electronic products containing a non-LED-backlit LCD/CRT monitor or display: Lamp(s) inside this product contain mercury and must 
be recycled or disposed of according to local, state or federal laws. For mor information, contact the Electronic Industries Alliance at 
www.eiae.org. for lamp-specific disposal information, check www.lamprecycle.org.

--- Page 53 ---
Software License -  53
SOFTWARE LICENSE
Note: Most of the software applications are already preinstalled on your Packard Bell computer. They are ready to use or to set up. However, some 
titles require a CD or DVD to run. You will find these discs in your computer's packaging.
Packard Bell License Agreement (CD and/or DVD Products). This copy of the original is your proof of license. Please treat it as valuable property.
Important!
Read carefully before installing the software.
The following License Agreement applies to you. This is a legal agreement between you (either individual or an entity) and Packard Bell By installing 
the software you are agreeing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. If you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, promptly return your 
entire computer system, the unopened software packet(s), if any, as well as the accompanying terms (including written materials or other container(s)) 
in the place you obtained them for a full refund. 
P
ACKARD BELL SOFTWARE LICENSE
1. Grant of License
This Packard Bell License Agreement (“License”) permits you to use one copy of the specified version of the Packard Bell SOFTWARE identified above 
(which may include at least one CD or DVD disc) on any single computer, provided the SOFTWARE is in use on only one computer at any time. If you have 
multiple Licenses for the SOFTWARE, then at any time you may have as many copies of the SOFTWARE in use as you have Licenses. The SOFTWARE is “in 
use” on a computer when it is loaded into the temporary memory (i.e. RAM) or installed in the permanent memory (e.g. hard disk, CD and/or DVD, or 
other storage device of that computer, except that a copy installed on a network server for the sole purpose of distribution of other computer is not “in 
use.” If the anticipated number of users of the SOFTWARE will exceed the number of applicable Licenses, then you must have a reasonable mechanism 
or process in place to assure that the number of persons using the SOFTWARE concurrently does no exceed the number of Licenses. If the SOFTWARE is 
permanently installed on the hard disk or the storage device of a computer (other than a network server) and one person uses that computer more than 
80% of the time it is in use, then that person may also use the SOFTWARE on a portable or home computer.
2. Copyright
The SOFTWARE is owned by Packard Bell or its suppliers and is protected by United States copyright laws and international treaty provision. Therefore, 
you must treat the SOFTWARE like any other copyrighted material (e.g. a book or musical recording) except that you may transfer the CD and/or DVD 
disc portion of the SOFTWARE, if any, to a single hard disk provided you keep the original solely for backup or archival purposes. You may not copy the 
CD and/or DVD disc portion of the SOFTWARE or the written materials accompanying the SOFTWARE.
3. Other Restrictions
You may not rent or lease the SOFTWARE, but you may transfer the SOFTWARE and accompanying written materials on a permanent basis provided you 
retain no copies and the recipient agrees to the terms of this Agreement. You may not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the SOFTWARE. Any 
transfer of the SOFTWARE must include the most recent update and all prior versions.
T
HIRD PARTY SOFTWARE OR FREE SOFTWARE LICENSE INFORMATION
Software pre-loaded, embedded or otherwise distributed with the products provided by Packard Bell does contain free or third party software 
programs (the “Free Software”), which are licensed under the terms GNU General Public License (the “GPL”). The Free Software is marked as such. Your 
copying, distribution and/or modification of the Free Software shall be subject to the terms of the GPL.
The Free Software is distributed in the hope that, but it will be useful WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of 
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The provisions of the GNU General Public License shall always apply. You may access http:/
/www.gnu.org directly to obtain a copy of the GPL or write to the free Software Foundation, Inc. and request a copy. The address of the Free Software 
Foundation, Inc is: 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA, 02111-1307, USA.
For a period of three (3) years as commencing from your receipt of this software, you may obtain a complete machine-readable copy of the source code 
for the Free Software under the terms of the GPL without charge except for the cost of media, shipping, and handling, upon a written request to us.
Contact us if you have any further questions. Our mailing address is 8F, 88, Sec. 1, Hsin Tai Wu Rd., Hsichih, Taipei Hsien 221, Taiwan.

--- Page 54 ---
Index -  54
INDEX
A
AC Adapter .........................................................................  11, 13
Aerial.........................................................................................  13
Audio CDs ...........................................................................  21, 42
Audio ports................................................................................  13
Autoplay ...................................................................................  21
B
Backups.....................................................................................  15
Batteries.............................................................................  11, 52
Battery disposal.........................................................  12, 52
Battery life........................................................................  11
Replacing batteries...........................................................  12
BIOS ..........................................................................................  38
Blu-ray ...............................................................................  10, 21
Browser.....................................................................................  25
C
Cable modem............................................................................  44
Cables.................................................................................... 4, 50
Cleaning your computer............................................................... 4
Codec ........................................................................................  22
Computer environment................................................................ 4
Connectors ................................................................................  12
Control devices
Keyboard ...................................................................... 6, 41
Touchpad..........................................................................  41
Copy protection.........................................................................  42
Cursor........................................................................................... 6
D
Device Manager ........................................................................  40
Diagnose & Repair.....................................................................  36
Dial-up modem.........................................................................  43
Disk Cleanup..............................................................................  27
Disk Defragmenter ....................................................................  27
Display ......................................................................................  41
Documentation
Packard Bell InfoCentre ....................................................  20
Packard Bell Website ........................................................  26
Download..................................................................................  22
Drives ........................................................................................... 9
Memory card reader ............................................................ 9
Optical drives....................................................................  10
DSL.....................................................................................  23, 44
DVI port.....................................................................................  13
E
Electronic Program Guide..........................................................  21
Email.........................................................................................  44
Environment .............................................................................  52
Epilepsy warning .........................................................................  5
Error checking ...........................................................................  27
eSATA .......................................................................................  13
ExpressCard...............................................................................  13
External hardware devices ........................................................  46
F
Firewall............................................................................... 31, 33
FireWire ....................................................................................  13
G
Google Desktop.........................................................................  26
H
HDD (Hard Disk Drive)
Free space ........................................................................  27
Management....................................................................  28
HDMI.........................................................................................  13
Health precautions.......................................................................  5
Helpdesk...................................................................................  27
I
IEEE 1394 ..................................................................................  13
InfoCentre.............................................................................  6, 23
Infrared receiver ...................................................................  9, 13
Interference ........................................................................ 41, 50
Internal hardware.....................................................................  38
Internet
Connection ................................................................. 22, 23
Firewall ...................................................................... 31, 33
Internet Explorer.......................................................................  25
Internet Service Provider (ISP) ..................................................  22
K
Keyboard ..............................................................................  6, 41
virtual..................................................................................  8
L
LAN (Local Area Network).........................................................  23
Last Known Good Configuration ......................................... 30, 39
Line-Out....................................................................................  13
M
Maintenance

--- Page 55 ---
55 - Quick Start & Troubleshooting Guide
HDD management ............................................................  28
Recovery Management Program ...................................... 18
System tools .....................................................................  28
Malware.................................................................................... 31
Memory.....................................................................................  15
Memory card reader .............................................................. 9, 13
Microphone............................................................................... 13
Modem...............................................................................  23, 43
Multimedia files ........................................................................  20
N
Network connections.................................................................  23
Norton Internet Security..................................................... 30, 32
O
Optical drives.............................................................................  10
P
Packard Bell
InfoCentre..................................................................... 3, 20
Packard Bell Updater ........................................................ 19
Recovery Management Program ...................................... 18
Website ............................................................................  26
Pointer ......................................................................................... 6
Ports.......................................................................................... 12
Power cords.................................................................................. 4
Power on/off .............................................................................  14
Power saving modes .................................................................  15
Power supply.............................................................................  11
PowerDVD ................................................................................. 21
Printer .......................................................................................  45
R
Recovery
Recovery Management Program ...................................... 18
System Restore .................................................................  29
Regulatory Information...................................................... 50, 52
Remote control............................................................................. 9
Receiver ............................................................................ 13
Removable media devices......................................................... 10
Removing hardware.................................................................. 10
Removing software ................................................................... 28
Restore points ........................................................................... 30
S
Safe Computing......................................................................... 27
Safe mode ................................................................................. 39
Safety precautions........................................................................ 4
Screen saver .............................................................................. 37
Security
Antivirus ...........................................................................  31
Updates.....................................................................  30, 34
Windows Action Center .............................................  30, 33
Shutdown .................................................................................  15
Sleep mode ........................................................................  14, 37
Social Networks ........................................................................  22
Software
Removing software ..........................................................  28
Software License ..............................................................  53
Speakers ...................................................................................... 8
Spyware....................................................................................  31
Storage .....................................................................................  15
Support
Online Troubleshooter......................................................  36
Packard Bell InfoCentre ....................................................  20
Packard Bell Website........................................................  26
S-Video .....................................................................................  13
System requirements................................................................  45
System Restore ..................................................................  29, 40
System tools
Disk Cleanup.....................................................................  27
Disk Defragmenter ...........................................................  27
Error checking...................................................................  27
Windows System Restore .................................................  29
T
Tablet PC...................................................................................... 8
Task Manager............................................................................  40
Touchpad .............................................................................. 6, 41
Touchscreen................................................................................. 7
Troubleshooting
Display..............................................................................  41
Internet ............................................................................  42
Keyboard..........................................................................  41
Printer ..............................................................................  45
Sound...............................................................................  42
Top cases ..........................................................................  36
Touchpad .........................................................................  41
TV tuner .............................................................................  13, 20
TV-Out ......................................................................................  13
U
Uninstalling hardware ..............................................................  10
Update
Antispyware .....................................................................  30
Antivirus...........................................................................  30
Windows automatic updates.....................................  30, 34
Upgrading
Recycling ..........................................................................  16
Storage.............................................................................  15
Warranty ..........................................................................  16

--- Page 56 ---
56 - Quick Start & Troubleshooting Guide
USB............................................................................................ 13
User Account Control.................................................................  34
User’s Guide .............................................................................. 20
V
VGA port....................................................................................  13
Virtual keyboard........................................................................... 8
Volume controls ........................................................................... 8
W
Warranty ............................................................................... 3, 16
Welcome Center........................................................................  17
WiFi........................................................................................... 23
Windows
System Restore .................................................................  29
Using Windows................................................................. 17
Welcome Center ...............................................................  17
Windows Action Center .............................................  30, 33
Windows automatic updates..................................... 30, 34
Windows Defender ........................................................... 34
Windows Media Center................................................. 9, 21
Windows Media Player ..................................................... 21
Windows Remote Assistance ............................................  35

