Brand: PACKARD-BELL
Model: Easynote Te69
URL: https://www.manua.ls/packard-bell/easynote-te69/manual
Total Pages: 83
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
- 1
Packard Bell notebook (15")
User’s Manual

--- Page 2 ---
2 - 
© 2013. All Rights Reserved.
Packard Bell EasyNote (15")
Covers: TE69HW / TE69CX / TE69BM
This revision: October 2013
Sign up for an Acer ID and enable Acer Remote Files
Open the Acer Portal from the Start screen to sign up for an 
Acer ID or sign in if you already have an Acer ID.
There are three great reason for you to get an Acer ID:
• Remotely access your PC from your other devices with our 
free Acer Remote Files app
• Get the latest offers and product information
• Register your device for warranty service
For more information please visit the AcerCloud website:
www.acer.com/acercloud
Model number: _________________________________
Serial number:  _________________________________
Date of purchase:  ______________________________
Place of purchase: ______________________________

--- Page 3 ---
Table of contents - 3
TABLE OF CONTENTS
First things first  5
Your guides .............................................  5
Basic care and tips for using your 
computer..................................................  5
Turning your computer on and off............... 5
Taking care of your computer ..................... 6
Taking care of your AC adapter .................. 6
Taking care of your battery pack................. 7
Cleaning and servicing................................ 7
Getting to know your computer  8
Top view - display....................................  8
Top view ..................................................  9
Top view - keyboard  .............................  10
Left view ................................................  11
Right view ..............................................  12
Base view ..............................................  13
Using the keyboard  14
Lock keys and numeric keypad .............  14
Special keys.............................................. 14
Windows keys........................................  16
Touchpad  17
Touchpad basics ...................................  17
Touchpad gestures................................  17
Recovery  19
Creating a recovery backup...................  19
Creating a drivers and applications 
backup...................................................  21
Recovering your system ........................  23
Reinstalling drivers and applications......... 23
Returning to an earlier system snapshot .. 25
Returning your system to its factory 
condition.................................................... 26
Recovering from Windows ........................ 26
Recovering from a recovery backup ......... 29
Connecting to the Internet  33
Connecting with a cable ........................  33
Built-in network feature ............................. 33
Connecting wirelessly............................  34
Connecting to a wireless LAN................... 34
Connecting to a 3G network ..................... 35
Using a Bluetooth connection  36
Enabling and disabling Bluetooth ..........  36
Enabling Bluetooth from Windows 8.1...... 36
Adding a Bluetooth device.....................  37
BIOS utility  40
Boot sequence.......................................  40
Setting passwords .................................  40
Securing your computer  41
Using a computer security lock..............  41
Using passwords ...................................  41
Entering passwords .................................. 42
Power management  43
Saving power .........................................  43
Battery pack  45
Battery characteristics ...........................  45
Charging the battery ................................. 45
Optimizing battery life ............................... 46
Checking the battery level......................... 47
Battery-low warning .................................. 47
Installing and removing the battery pack .. 48
Traveling with your computer  49
Disconnecting from the desktop ............  49
Moving around .......................................  49
Preparing the computer ............................ 49
What to bring to meetings ......................... 50
Taking the computer home ....................  50
Preparing the computer ............................ 50
What to take with you................................ 51
Special considerations .............................. 51
Setting up a home office ........................... 51
Traveling with the computer...................  52
Preparing the computer ............................ 52
What to take with you................................ 52
Special considerations .............................. 52
Traveling internationally with the 
computer................................................  52
Preparing the computer ............................ 53
What to bring with you .............................. 53
Special considerations .............................. 53
Memory card reader  54
Connectivity options...............................  54
Video and audio connectors  56
HDMI  57
Universal Serial Bus (USB)  58
Frequently asked questions  59
Requesting service ................................  61
Frequently asked questions  63
Tips and hints for using Windows 8.1 ....  63
How do I get to Start? ............................... 63
What are "Charms?" ................................. 63
Can I boot directly to the desktop? ........... 64
How do I jump between apps?.................. 64
How do I turn off my computer?................ 64
How do I unlock my computer?................. 64
How do I personalize my computer?......... 65

--- Page 4 ---
4 - Table of contents
Where are my apps?................................. 67
What is a Microsoft ID (account)?............. 68
How do I add a favorite to Internet 
Explorer?................................................... 69
How do I check for Windows updates?..... 69
Where can I get more information?........... 69
Troubleshooting.....................................  70
Troubleshooting tips.................................. 70
Error messages......................................... 70
Internet and online security  72
First steps on the net .............................  72
Protecting your computer.......................... 72
Choose an Internet Service Provider........ 72
Network connections................................. 74
Surf the Net!.............................................. 76
Security ..................................................... 76
Playing Blu-Ray or DVD movies  83

--- Page 5 ---
First things first - 5
FIRST THINGS FIRST
We would like to thank you for making this Packard Bell notebook
your choice for meeting your mobile computing needs.
Your guides
To help you use your Packard Bell notebook, we have designed a set 
of guides:
First off, the Setup Guide helps you get started with setting up your 
computer.
The Quick Guide introduces you to the basic features and functions 
of your new computer. For more on how your computer can help you 
to be more productive, please refer to the User’s Manual. This guide 
contains detailed information on such subjects as system utilities, data 
recovery, expansion options and troubleshooting. In addition it 
contains general regulations and safety notices for your notebook. It is 
available from the desktop; double-click the Help icon and click 
User’s Manual in the menu that opens.
Basic care and tips for using your computer
Turning your computer on and off
To turn the power off, do any of the following:
• Use the Windows shutdown command: Press the Windows key + 
<C>, click Settings > Power then click Shut Down.
If you need to power down the computer for a short while, but don’t 
want to completely shut it down, you can put it into Hibernate by 
pressing the power button.

--- Page 6 ---
6 - First things first
You can also put the computer in sleep mode by pressing the sleep 
hotkey <Fn> + <F4>.
Taking care of your computer
Your computer will serve you well if you take care of it.
• Do not expose the computer to direct sunlight. Do not place it near 
sources of heat, such as a radiator.
• Do not expose the computer to temperatures below 0º C (32º F) or 
above 50º C (122º F).
• Do not subject the computer to magnetic fields.
• Do not expose the computer to rain or moisture.
• Do not spill water or any liquid on the computer.
• Do not subject the computer to heavy shock or vibration.
• Do not expose the computer to dust or dirt.
• Never place objects on top of the computer.
• Do not slam the computer display when you close it.
• Never place the computer on uneven surfaces.
Taking care of your AC adapter
Here are some ways to take care of your AC adapter:
• Do not connect the adapter to any other device.
• Do not step on the power cord or place heavy objects on top of it. 
Carefully route the power cord and any cables away from foot traffic.
• When unplugging the power cord, do not pull on the cord itself but 
pull on the plug.
• The total ampere ratings of the equipment plugged in should not 
exceed the ampere rating of the cord if you are using an extension 
Note
If you cannot power off the computer normally, press and hold the power 
button for more than four seconds to shut down the computer. If you turn off 
the computer and want to turn it on again, wait at least two seconds before 
powering up.

--- Page 7 ---
First things first - 7
cord. Also, the total current rating of all equipment plugged into a 
single wall outlet should not exceed the fuse rating.
Taking care of your battery pack
Here are some ways to take care of your battery pack:
• Use only batteries of the same kind as replacements. Turn the 
power off before removing or replacing batteries.
• Do not tamper with batteries. Keep them away from children.
• Dispose of used batteries according to local regulations. Recycle if 
possible.
Cleaning and servicing
When cleaning the computer, follow these steps:
1. Turn off the computer and remove the battery pack.
2. Disconnect the AC adapter.
3. Use a soft, moist cloth. Do not use liquid or aerosol cleaners.
If either of the following occurs:
• The computer has been dropped or the body has been damaged;
• The computer does not operate normally
Please refer to "Frequently asked questions" on page 59.

--- Page 8 ---
8 - Getting to know your computer
GETTING TO KNOW YOUR COMPUTER
After setting up your computer, as illustrated in the setup instructions, 
let us show you around your new Packard Bell computer.
Top view - display
1
2
3
# Icon Item Description
1Webcam
Web camera for video 
communication.
A light next to the Webcam indicates 
that the webcam is active.
2 Screen Displays computer output.
3 Microphone
Internal microphone for sound 
recording.

--- Page 9 ---
Getting to know your computer - 9
Top view
1 2
# Icon Item Description
1 Card reader
Accepts Secure Digital (SD) cards.
Push to remove/install the card. Only 
one card can operate at any given 
time.
2
Power indicator
Indicates the computer's power 
status.
Battery indicator
Indicates the computer's battery 
status.
Charging: The light shows amber 
when the battery is charging. 
Fully charged: The light shows blue 
when in AC mode.
HDD indicator
Indicates when the hard disk drive is 
active.
Communication 
indicator
Indicates the computer’s wireless 
connectivity device status.

--- Page 10 ---
10 - Getting to know your computer
Top view - keyboard 
1
2
3
4
# Icon Item Description
1 Power button Turns the computer on and off.
2 Keyboard
For entering data into your computer.
See "Using the keyboard" on page 
14.
3Touchpad
Touch-sensitive pointing device 
which functions like a computer 
mouse.
See "Touchpad" on page 17.
4
Click buttons (left  
and right)
The left and right side of the button 
function as left and right selection 
buttons.

--- Page 11 ---
Getting to know your computer - 11
Left view
21 3 754 6
Information on USB 3.0
• USB 3.0 compatible ports are blue.
• Compatible with USB 3.0 and earlier devices.
# Icon Item Description
1
Kensington lock 
slot
Connects to a Kensington-
compatible computer security lock.
Wrap the computer security lock 
cable around an immovable object 
such as a table or handle of a locked 
drawer. 

Insert the lock into the notch and turn 
the key to secure the lock. 

Some keyless models are also 
available.
2
Ventilation and 
cooling fan
Allows the computer to stay cool.
Do not cover or obstruct the 
openings.
3
External display 
(VGA) port
Connects to a display device (e.g., 
external monitor, LCD projector).
4
Ethernet (RJ-45) 
port
Connects to an Ethernet 10/100/
1000-based network.
5 HDMI port
Supports high-definition digital video 
connections.
6 USB port Connects to USB devices.
7
Headphones / 
speaker jack
Connects to audio line-out devices 
(e.g., speakers, headphones).
Supports compatible 3.5 mm 
headsets with built-in microphone 
(e.g. Acer smart handheld headsets).

--- Page 12 ---
12 - Getting to know your computer
• For optimal performance, use USB 3.0-certified devices.
• Defined by the USB 3.0 specification (SuperSpeed USB).
Right view
Note
Depending on configuration, your system may not be equipped with an optical 
(CD/DVD) drive.
# Icon Item Description
1 USB ports Connects to USB devices.
2 Optical drive
Internal optical drive; accepts CDs or 
DVDs.
3
Optical disk 
access indicator
Lights up when the optical drive is 
active.
4
Optical drive eject 
button
Ejects the optical disk from the drive.
5
Emergency eject 
hole
Ejects the optical drive tray when the 
computer is turned off.
Carefully insert a straightened paper 
clip to eject the optical drive tray.
6DC-in jack
Connects to your computer’s AC 
adapter.
1 32

--- Page 13 ---
Getting to know your computer - 13
Base view
1
2
4
5
3
# Icon Item Description
1
Ventilation and 
coo
ling fan
Allows the computer to stay cool.
Do not cover or obstruct the 
ope
nings.
2 Speakers Deliver stereo audio output.
3
Memory 
compartment
Houses the computer's main 
memory.
Hard disk bay
Houses the computer's hard disk 
(secured with screws). 
4
Battery release 
latch
Releases the battery for removal. 
Insert a suit
able tool and slide to 
release.
5 Battery bay Houses the computer's battery pack.

--- Page 14 ---
14 - Using the keyboard
USING THE KEYBOARD
The keyboard has full-sized keys and a numeric keypad, separate 
cursor, Windows, function and special keys.
Lock keys and numeric keypad
The keyboard has three lock keys which you can toggle on and off.
The numeric keypad functions like a desktop numeric keypad. 
Special keys
Your computer’s keyboard includes keys that activate special 
functions. The function of each key is clearly marked with an icon. 
Note
Information in this section may not apply to your computer.
Lock key Description
Caps Lock
When Caps Lock is on, all alphabetic characters 
typed are in uppercase.
Num Lock
When Num Lock is on, the keypad is in numeric 
mode. The keys function as a calculator (complete 
with the arithmetic operators +, -, *, and /). Use this 
mode when you need to do a lot of numeric data 
entry. 
Desired access Num Lock on Num Lock off
Number keys on 
embedded keypad
Type numbers in a 
normal manner.
Control the cursor and 
page view.
Icon Function Description
Fn
Hotkey for 
second function
Activates a second function on certain 
keys. 
E.g. press the Fn key to activate the F1 to 
F12 keys.
Help Opens the help menu.

--- Page 15 ---
Using the keyboard - 15
Hotkeys
The computer uses hotkeys (key combinations) to access function 
keys and navigation commands. 
Backup
Allows you to create backup copies of 
your computer; either the entire system or 
only selected files and folders. Create a 
regular schedule or make copies 
whenever you want.
Communication
Enables/disables the computer’s 
communication devices.
Display toggle
Switches display output between the 
display screen, external monitor (if 
connected) and both.
Screen blank
Turns the display screen backlight off to 
save power. Press any key to return.
Touchpad toggle Turns the internal touchpad on and off.
Play/Pause Play or pause a selected media file.
Stop Stop playing the selected media file.
Previous Return to the previous media file.
Next Jump to the next media file.
Brightness down Decreases the screen brightness.
Brightness up Increases the screen brightness.
Social 
Networking
Opens the People application.
Volume up Increases the sound volume.
Volume down Decreases the sound volume.
Speaker toggle Turns the speakers on and off.
Icon Function Description

--- Page 16 ---
16 - Using the keyboard
To activate hotkeys, press and hold the Fn key (bottom left) before 
pressing the other key in the hotkey combination. 
Windows keys
The keyboard has two keys that perform Windows-specific functions.
Hotkey Function Description
Fn + Special 
keys (see page 
14)
Function keys Activates the F1 to F12 keys.
Fn +  Home
Scrolls to the beginning of a 
document.
Fn +  End Scrolls to the end of a document.
Fn +  Page up Scrolls up a page in a document.
Fn +  Page Down
Scrolls down a page in a 
document.
Note
It is not necessary to press the Fn key to use the F1 to F12 function keys when 
starting your computer or when using the BIOS.

To swap the hotkey and special function of the F1 to F12 keys, change the 
function key setting in the BIOS (to open the BIOS press F2 when starting 
your computer, then select the Main menu and change Function key 
behavior to Function keys).
Key Description
Windows key
Pressed alone it returns to the Start screen. 
It can also be used with other keys for special 
functions, please check Windows Help.
Application key
This key has the same effect as clicking the right 
mouse button; it opens the application's context 
menu.

--- Page 17 ---
Touchpad - 17
TOUCHPAD
Touchpad basics
The touchpad controls the arrow (or 'cursor') on the screen. As you 
slide your finger across the touchpad, the cursor will follow this 
movement. 
Press the left or right side of the button located beneath the touchpad 
to perform selection and execution functions, or tap the surface of the 
touchpad. These two areas are similar to the left and right buttons on 
a mouse.
The cursor is controlled by some basic gestures:
• Single-finger slide: Slide a finger across the touchpad to 
move the cursor.
• Single-finger tap: Lightly tap the touchpad with your finger, 
to perform a 'click', which will select or start an item. Quickly 
repeat the tap to perform a double tap or 'double click'.
• Drag: Press and hold the left side of the selection button, or tap 
twice anywhere on the touchtap, then slide a second finger across 
the touchpad to select all items in an area. 
Touchpad gestures
Windows 8.1 and many applications support touchpad gestures that 
use one or more fingers.
These allow you to control applications with a few simple gestures, 
such as: 
Note
The touchpad is sensitive to finger movement; the lighter the touch, the better 
the response. Please keep the touchpad and your fingers dry and clean. 
Note
Support for touchpad gestures depends on the active application.

--- Page 18 ---
18 - Touchpad
• Swipe in from edge: Access Windows tools 
by swiping into the center of the touchpad 
from the right, top or left.
• Swipe in from right edge: Toggle the charms.
• Swipe in from top edge: Toggle the app commands.
• Swipe in from left edge: Switch to the previous app.
• Two-finger slide: Swiftly scroll through web pages, 
documents and playlists by placing two fingers on the 
touchpad and moving both in any direction.
• Two-finger pinch: Zoom in and out of photos, maps and 
documents with a simple finger-and-thumb gesture.

--- Page 19 ---
Recovery - 19
RECOVERY
If you are having trouble with your computer, and the frequently asked 
questions (see Frequently asked questions on page 59) do not 
help, you can 'recover' your computer - i.e. return it to an earlier state.
This section describes the recovery tools available on your computer. 
Packard Bell provides Packard Bell Recovery Management, which 
allows you to create a recovery backup, a drivers and applications 
backup, and to start recovery options, either using Windows tools, or 
the recovery backup. 
Creating a recovery backup
To reinstall from a USB storage drive, you must first create a recovery 
backup. The recovery backup includes the entire original contents of 
your computer’s hard drive, including Windows and all factory-loaded 
software and drivers. Using this backup will restore your computer to 
the same state as when you purchased it, while giving you an option 
to retain all settings and personal data.
Note
Packard Bell Recovery Management is only available with a pre-installed 
Windows operating system.
Important
We recommend that you create a Recovery Backup and Drivers and 
Applications Backup and as soon as possible.
In certain situations a full recovery will require a USB recovery backup.
Note
Since the recovery backup requires at least 16
 
GB of storage after formatting,            
it is recommended to use a USB drive with a capacity of 32
 
GB or larger.

--- Page 20 ---
20 - Recovery
1. From Start, type 'Recovery' and then click Packard Bell Recovery 
Management in the list of apps.
2. Click Create Factory Default Backup. The Recovery Drive window 
opens.
Make sure Copy contents from the recovery partition to the 
recovery drive is selected. This provides the most complete and 
safest recovery backup.
3. Plug in the USB drive then click Next.

--- Page 21 ---
Recovery - 21
• Since the recovery backup requires at least 16
 
GB  of storage  after           
formatting, it is recommended to use a USB drive with a capacity 
of 32
 
GB or larger.
4. You will be shown the backup progress on the screen.
5. Follow the process until it completes.
6. After creating the recovery backup, you can choose to delete the 
recovery information on your computer. If you delete this 
information, you can only use the USB recovery backup to restore 
your computer, if you lose or erase the USB drive, you cannot 
restore your computer.
7. Unplug the USB drive and label it clearly.
Creating a drivers and applications backup
To create a Drivers and Applications Backup, that contains the 
factory-loaded software and drivers needed by your computer, you 
Important
Write a unique, descriptive label on the backup, such as 'Windows 
Recovery Backup'. Make sure you keep the backup in a safe place that 
you will remember.

--- Page 22 ---
22 - Recovery
may use either a USB storage drive or, if your computer features a 
DVD recorder, one or more blank recordable DVDs.
1. From Start, type 'Recovery' and then click Packard Bell Recovery 
Management in the list of apps.
2. Click Create Drivers and Applications Backup. 
Plug in the USB drive or insert a blank DVD into the optical drive, then 
click Next.
• If you are using a USB drive, make sure your USB drive has 
enough capacity before continuing.
• If using DVDs, it will also show the number of blank, recordable 
discs you will need to complete the recovery discs. Make sure that 
you have the required number of identical, blank discs.
3. Click Start to copy files.You will be shown the backup progress on 
the screen.
4. Follow the process until it completes:
• If you are using optical discs, the drive ejects each disc as it 
completes burning it. Remove the disc from the drive and mark it 
with a permanent marker.

--- Page 23 ---
Recovery - 23
If multiple discs are required, insert a new disc when prompted, 
then click OK. Continue until the process is complete.
• If you are using a USB drive, unplug the drive and label it clearly.
Important: Write a unique, descriptive label on each backup, such as 
'Drivers and Applications Backup'. Make sure you keep the backup in a safe 
place that you will remember.
Recovering your system
To recover your system:
1. Perform minor fixes.
If only one or two items of software or hardware have stopped 
working correctly, the problem may be solved by reinstalling the 
software or the device drivers. 
To reinstall software and drivers that were pre-installed at the 
factory, see Reinstalling drivers and applications on page 23. 
For instructions on reinstalling software and drivers that were not 
pre-installed, see that product’s documentation or support Web site.
2. Revert to a previous system condition.
If reinstalling software or drivers does not help, then the problem 
may be solved by returning your system to a previous state when 
everything was working correctly. 
For instructions, see Returning to an earlier system snapshot on 
page 25.
3. Reset your operating system.
If nothing else has solved the problem and you want to reset your 
system, but keep your user information, see Returning your 
system to its factory condition on page 26.
4. Reset your system to its factory condition.
If nothing else has solved the problem and you want to reset your 
system to factory condition, see Returning your system to its 
factory condition on page 26.
Reinstalling drivers and applications
As a troubleshooting step, you may need to reinstall the applications 
and device drivers that came pre-installed on your computer from the 
factory. You can reinstall using either your hard drive or the backup 
you have created.

--- Page 24 ---
24 - Recovery
• Other applications - If you need to reinstall software that did not 
come pre-installed on your computer, you need to follow that 
software’s installation instructions. 
• New device drivers - If you need to reinstall device drivers that did 
not come pre-installed on your computer, follow the instructions 
provided with the device.
If you are reinstalling using Windows and the recovery 
information stored on your computer:
1. From Start, type 'Recovery' and then click Packard Bell Recovery 
Management in the list of apps.
2. Click Reinstall Drivers or Applications. 
3. You should see the Contents section of the Packard Bell
Resource Center. 
Images for reference only.
4. Click the install icon for the item you want to install, then follow 
the onscreen instructions to complete the installation. Repeat 
this step for each item you want to reinstall.

--- Page 25 ---
Recovery - 25
If you are reinstalling from a Drivers and Applications Backup on 
a DVD or USB drive:
1. Insert the Drivers and Applications Backup into the disc drive or 
connect it to a free USB port.
• If you inserted a DVD wait for Packard Bell Resource Center to 
start.
• If Packard Bell Resource Center does not start automatically, 
press the Windows key + <E>, then double-click on the optical 
drive icon. 
• If you are using a USB drive, press the Windows key + <E>, then 
double-click on the drive that contains the backup. Double-click 
on ResourceCenter.
2. You should see the Contents section of the Packard Bell
Resource Center. 
Images for reference only.
3. Click the install icon for the item you want to install, then follow 
the onscreen prompts to complete the installation. Repeat this 
step for each item you want to reinstall.
Returning to an earlier system snapshot
Microsoft System Restore periodically takes a 'snapshot' of your 
system settings and saves them as restore points. In most cases of 
hard-to-resolve software problems, you can return to one of these 
restore points to get your system running again.

--- Page 26 ---
26 - Recovery
Windows automatically creates an additional restore point each day, 
and also each time you install software or device drivers.
Returning to a restore point
1. From Start, type ’Control Panel’ and then click Control Panel in the 
list of apps.
2. Click System and Security > Action Center, then click Recovery
at the bottom of the window. 
3. Click Open System Restore, then Next. 
4. Click the latest restore point (at a time when your system worked 
correctly), click Next, then Finish. 
5. A confirmation window appears; click Yes. Your system is restored 
using the restore point you specified. This process may take several 
minutes, and may restart your computer.
Returning your system to its factory condition
If your computer experiences problems that are not recoverable by 
other methods, you may need to reinstall everything to return your 
system to its factory condition. You can recover from either your hard 
drive or the recovery backup you have created.
• If you can still run Windows and have not deleted the recovery 
partition, see Recovering from Windows on page 26.
• If you cannot run Windows, your original hard drive has been 
completely re-formatted or you have installed a replacement hard 
drive, see Recovering from a recovery backup on page 29.
Recovering from Windows
Start Packard Bell Recovery Management:
•From Start, type ’Recovery’ and then click Packard Bell Recovery 
Management in the list of apps.
Note
For more information about using Microsoft System Restore, from Start, type 
’Help’ and then click Help and Support in the list of apps. Type ’Windows 
system restore’ in the Search Help box, then press Enter.

--- Page 27 ---
Recovery - 27
Two options are available, Restore Factory Settings (Reset my PC) 
or Customized Restore (Refresh my PC). 
Restore Factory Settings deletes everything on your hard drive, then 
reinstalls Windows and all software and drivers that were pre-installed 
on your system. If you can access important files on your hard drive, 
back them up now. See Restore Factory Settings with Packard 
Bell Recovery Management on page 27.
Customized Restore will attempt to retain your files (user data) but 
will reinstall all software and drivers. Software installed since you 
purchased your PC will be removed (except software installed from 
the Windows Store). See Customized Restore with Packard Bell 
Recovery Management on page 29.
Restore Factory Settings with Packard Bell Recovery Management
1. Click Restore Factory Settings. 
Important
’Restore Factory Settings’ will erase all files on your hard drive.

--- Page 28 ---
28 - Recovery
2. The Reset your PC window opens.
Images for reference only.
3. Click Next, then choose how to erase your files: 
a. Just remove my files quickly erases all files before restoring 
your computer and takes about 30 minutes. 
b. Fully clean the drive completely cleans the drive after each file is 
erased, so no files can be viewed after the recovery. Cleaning the 
drive takes much longer, up to 5 hours, but is much more secure 
as old files are completely removed. 
4. Click Reset. 
5. The recovery process begins by restarting your computer, then 
continues by copying files to your hard drive. 
6. After the recovery has finished, you can start using your computer 
by repeating the first-start process.
Recovering from the hard drive during startup
1. Turn on your computer and press <Alt> + <F10> during startup. A 
screen appears asking you to choose the keyboard layout.
2. Several options are now presented. Click Troubleshoot.
3. Click either Refresh your PC or Reset your PC.
4. Click Next. The process will take several minutes.
Note
"Refresh your PC" enables you to restore your computer to the default factory 
condition with files intact. "Reset your PC" completely removes all your files 
and resets your computer to factory settings.

--- Page 29 ---
Recovery - 29
Customized Restore with Packard Bell Recovery Management
1. Click Customized Restore (Retain User Data).
2. The Refresh your PC window opens.
Images for reference only.
3. Click Next, then Refresh.
4. The recovery process begins by restarting your computer, then 
continues by copying files to your hard drive. This process takes 
about 30 minutes.
Recovering from a recovery backup
To recover from a recovery backup on a USB drive:
1. Find your recovery backup.
2. If your computer does not have a built-in keyboard, make sure a 
keyboard is attached to your computer. 
3. Plug in the USB drive and turn on your computer.
4. If it is not already enabled, you must enable the F12 Boot Menu:
a. Press <F2> when starting your computer. 
b. Use the left or right arrow keys to select the Main menu.

--- Page 30 ---
30 - Recovery
c. Press the down key until F12 Boot Menu is selected, press <F5> 
to change this setting to Enabled. 
d. Use the left or right arrow keys to select the Exit menu.
e. Depending on the type of BIOS your computer uses, select Save 
Changes and Exit or Exit Saving Changes and press Enter. 
Select OK or Yes to confirm. 
f. Your computer will restart.
5. During startup, press <F12> to open the boot menu. The boot menu 
allows you to select which device to start from, select the USB drive.
a. Use your arrow keys to select USB Device, then press Enter. 
b. Windows starts from the recovery backup instead of the normal 
startup process.
6. Select your keyboard type.
7. Select Troubleshoot and then choose the type of recovery to use:
a. Click Advanced then System Restore to start Microsoft System 
Restore:
Microsoft System Restore periodically takes a ’snapshot’ of your 
system settings and saves them as restore points. In most cases 
of hard-to-resolve software problems, you can return to one of 
these restore points to get your system running again.
b. Click Reset your PC to start the reset process:
Reset your PC deletes everything on your hard drive, then 
reinstalls Windows and all software and drivers that were pre-
installed on your system. If you can access important files on your 
hard drive, back them up now. See Reset your PC from the 
recovery backup on page 31.
c. Click Refresh your PC to start the refresh process:
Refresh your PC will attempt to retain your files (user data) but 
will reinstall all software and drivers. Software installed since you 
purchased your PC will be removed (except software installed 
from the Windows Store). See Refresh your PC from the 
recovery backup on page 32.

--- Page 31 ---
Recovery - 31
Reset your PC from the recovery backup
1. The Reset your PC window opens.
Images for reference only.
2. Click Next.
3. Select the operating system to recover (normally only one option is 
available).
4. Choose to keep any changes to the hard drive:
a. If you have deleted the recovery partition or otherwise changed 
the partitions on the hard drive and want to keep these changes, 
select No. 
b. To completely restore your computer to Factory Settings, select 
Yes.
5. Choose how to erase your files: 
a. Just remove my files quickly erases all files before restoring 
your computer and takes about 30 minutes. 
b. Fully clean the drive completely cleans the drive after each file is 
erased, so no files can be viewed after the recovery. Cleaning the 
drive takes much longer, up to 5 hours, but is much more secure 
as old files are completely removed. 
6. Click Reset. 
7. After the recovery has finished, you can start using your computer 
by repeating the first-start process.
Important
Reset your PC will erase all files on your hard drive.

--- Page 32 ---
32 - Recovery
Refresh your PC from the recovery backup
1. The Refresh your PC window opens.
2. Click Next.
3. Select the operating system to recover (normally only one option is 
available).
4. Click Refresh. 
5. The recovery process begins by restarting your computer, then 
continues by copying files to your hard drive. This process takes 
about 30 minutes.

--- Page 33 ---
Connecting to the Internet - 33
CONNECTING TO THE INTERNET
This chapter includes basic information on types of connections, and 
getting connected to the Internet. For detailed information, please 
refer to Network connections on page 74.
Connecting with a cable
Built-in network feature
The built-in network feature makes it easy for you to connect your 
computer to the Internet using a cable.
But first, an Internet Service Provider (ISP) -- usually a phone or cable 
company -- will have to go to your home or office to set up Internet 
service. The ISP will install a small box, called a router, that will allow 
you to connect to the Internet.
Once your router is set up, all you have to do is plug one end of a 
network cable into the network port on your computer, and the other 
end into a port on your router. (Refer to the image below.) Then, you'll 
be ready to get online.
Note
Information in this section may not apply to your computer.

--- Page 34 ---
34 - Connecting to the Internet
Connecting wirelessly
Connecting to a wireless LAN
A wireless LAN (or WLAN) is a wireless local area network, which can 
link two or more computers without using wires. Once connected to 
WLAN, you can access the Internet. You can also share files, other 
devices, and even your Internet connection itself.
Your computer's wireless connection is turned on by default and 
Windows will detect and display a list of available networks during 
setup. Select your network and enter the password if required.
Packard Bell notebook computers feature an Airplane mode hotkey 
that turns the network connection on or off. You can use the network 
management options to turn your wireless network on/off or control 
what is shared over the network. From the Start screen, start typing 
’wireless’ then select Connect to a network or Change Wi-Fi 
settings. Otherwise, open Internet Explorer and follow the 
instructions.
Warning
Using wireless devices while flying in aircraft may be prohibited. All 
wireless devices must be switched off before boarding an aircraft and 
during take-off, as they may be dangerous to the operation of the 
aircraft, disrupt communications, and even be illegal. You may turn on 
your computer’s wireless devices only when informed that it is safe to 
do so by the cabin crew.
Note
Please refer to your Internet Service Provider (ISP) or router documentation 
for details on connecting to the Internet.

--- Page 35 ---
Connecting to the Internet - 35
Connecting to a 3G network
If your computer has a SIM slot, you can connect to the Internet using 
a 3G (cellular phone) network. To do this, you must have a compatible 
SIM card and a data contract with your cellular provider.
Note
Please contact your cellular provider for details on connecting to the Internet 
via 3G.

--- Page 36 ---
36 - Using a Bluetooth connection
USING A BLUETOOTH CONNECTION
Bluetooth is a technology enabling you to transfer data wirelessly over 
short distances between many different types of devices. Bluetooth-
enabled devices include computers, cell phones, tablets, wireless 
headsets, and keyboards.
To use Bluetooth, you must ensure the following:
1. Bluetooth is enabled on both devices.
2. Your devices are "paired" (or connected).
Enabling and disabling Bluetooth
The Bluetooth adapter must be enabled on both devices. For your 
computer, this may be an external switch, a software setting, or a 
separate Bluetooth dongle plugged into the computer’s USB port (if no 
internal Bluetooth adapter is available).
Enabling Bluetooth from Windows 8.1
Bluetooth on your computer is disabled by default. To enable your 
computer’s Bluetooth adapter, do the following:
1. Open the Charms and select Settings > Change PC Settings > 
Wireless, or press the Windows key
  +  <W>  and then type 
’Wireless’; 
in the results, click on Wireless.
2. Click the toggle next to Bluetooth to enable/disable it.
3. Then, from the desktop notification area, click the Bluetooth icon, 
and select Open Settings.
Note
Please check your devices owner’s manual to determine how to turn on its 
Bluetooth adapter.

--- Page 37 ---
Using a Bluetooth connection - 37
4. Select the Allow Bluetooth devices to find this computer check 
box, click Apply, and then click OK.
Adding a Bluetooth device
Every new device must first be "paired" with your computer’s 
Bluetooth adapter. This means it must first be authenticated for 
security purposes. You only need to pair once. After that, simply 
turning on the Bluetooth adapter of both devices will connect them.
From the notification area, click the Bluetooth icon, and select Add a 
Bluetooth Device.

--- Page 38 ---
38 - Using a Bluetooth connection
Click on the device you want to add.
A code displays on your computer, which should match the code 
displayed on your device. Select Yes. Then, accept the pairing from 
your device.
Your device will show up in the list of devices if it was successfully 
paired. Open the Control Panel and under Hardware and Sound 
Note
Some devices using older versions of the Bluetooth technology require both 
devices to enter a PIN. In the case of one of the devices not having any inputs 
(as in a headset), the passcode is hardcoded into the device (usually "0000" 
or "1234"). Consult your device’s user manual for more information.

--- Page 39 ---
Using a Bluetooth connection - 39
click on View devices and printers. Right click on your device and 
select Advanced Operations > Connect to operation window.  
The operation window enables you to play music and audio from your 
device through your computer, send files to your device and change 
Bluetooth settings.

--- Page 40 ---
40 - BIOS utility
BIOS UTILITY
The BIOS utility is a hardware configuration program built into your 
computer's BIOS.
Your computer is already properly configured and optimized, and you 
do not normally need to run this utility. However, if you encounter 
configuration problems, you may need to run it.
To activate the BIOS utility, press <F2> during the POST while the 
computer logo is being displayed.
Boot sequence
To set the boot sequence in the BIOS utility, activate the BIOS utility, 
then select Boot from the categories listed at the top of the screen. 
Setting passwords
To set a password on boot, activate the BIOS utility, then select 
Security from the categories listed at the top of the screen. Find 
Password on boot: and use the <F5> and <F6> keys to enable this 
feature.

--- Page 41 ---
Securing your computer - 41
SECURING YOUR COMPUTER
Your computer is a valuable investment that you need to take care of. 
Learn how to protect and take care of your computer.
Security features include hardware and software locks — a security 
notch and passwords.
Using a computer security lock
The computer comes with a Kensington-compatible security slot for a 
security lock.
Wrap a computer security lock cable around an immovable object 
such as a table or handle of a locked drawer. Insert the lock into the 
notch and turn the key to secure the lock. Some keyless models are 
also available.
Using passwords
Passwords protect your computer from unauthorized access. Setting 
these passwords creates several different levels of protection for your 
computer and data:
• Supervisor Password prevents unauthorized entry into the BIOS 
utility. Once set, you must enter this password to gain access to the 
BIOS utility. See Setting passwords on page 40.
• User Password secures your computer against unauthorized use. 
Combine the use of this password with password checkpoints on 
boot-up and resume from Hibernation (if available) for maximum 
security.
• Password on Boot secures your computer against unauthorized 
use. Combine the use of this password with password checkpoints 
on boot-up and resume from Hibernation (if available) for maximum 
security.
Important
Do not forget your Supervisor Password! If you forget your password, 
please get in touch with your dealer or an authorized service center.

--- Page 42 ---
42 - Securing your computer
Entering passwords
When a password is set, a password prompt appears in the center of 
the display screen.
• When the Supervisor Password is set, a prompt appears when you 
enter the BIOS utility.
• Type the Supervisor Password and press <Enter> to access the 
BIOS utility. If you enter the password incorrectly, a warning 
message appears. Try again and press <Enter>.
• When the User Password is set and the password on boot 
parameter is enabled, a prompt appears at boot-up.
• Type the User Password and press <Enter> to use the computer. If 
you enter the password incorrectly, a warning message appears. Try 
again and press <Enter>.
Important
You have three chances to enter a password. If you fail to enter the 
password correctly after three tries, the system halts. Press and hold 
the power button for four seconds to shut down the computer. Then 
turn on the computer again, and try again.

--- Page 43 ---
Power management - 43
POWER MANAGEMENT
This computer has a built-in power management unit that monitors 
system activity. System activity refers to any activity involving one or 
more of the following devices: keyboard, mouse, hard disk, 
peripherals connected to the computer, and video memory. If no 
activity is detected for a period of time, the computer stops some or all 
of these devices in order to conserve energy.
Saving power
Disable Fast startup
Your computer uses Fast startup to start quickly, but also uses a small 
amount of power to check for signals to start. These checks will slowly 
drain your computer’s battery. 
If you prefer to reduce your computer’s power requirements and 
environmental impact, turn off Fast startup:
1. Open the desktop.
2. Click Power Options in the Notification area.
3. Select More Power Options.



4. Select Choose what the power buttons do.
Note
If Fast startup is off, your computer will take longer to start from Sleep.

Your computer will also not start if it receives an instruction to start over a 
network (Wake on LAN).

--- Page 44 ---
44 - Power management
5. To access Shutdown Settings, select Change settings that are 
currently unavailable.
6. Scroll down and disable Turn on fast startup. 
7. Select Save changes.

--- Page 45 ---
Battery pack - 45
BATTERY PACK
The computer uses a Lithium battery that gives you long use between 
charges.
Battery characteristics
The battery is recharged whenever you connect the computer to the 
AC adapter. Your computer supports charge-in-use, enabling you to 
recharge the battery while you continue to operate the computer. 
However, recharging with the computer turned off significantly 
reduces charge time.
The battery will come in handy when you travel or during a power 
failure. It is advisable to have an extra fully charged battery available 
as backup. Contact your dealer for details on ordering a spare battery.
Charging the battery
To charge the battery, first make sure that it is correctly installed in the 
battery bay. Plug the AC adapter into the computer, and connect to a 
mains power outlet. You can continue to operate your computer on 
AC power while your battery is charging. However, charging the 
battery with the computer turned off significantly reduces charge time.
Conditioning a new battery pack
Before you use a battery pack for the first time, there is a conditioning 
process that you should follow:
1. Insert the new battery without turning the computer on.
2. Connect the AC adapter and fully charge the battery.
3. Disconnect the AC adapter.
4. Turn on the computer and operate using battery power.
5. Deplete the battery until the battery-low warning appears.
Note
You are advised to charge the battery before retiring for the day. Charging the 
battery overnight before traveling enables you to start the next day with a fully 
charged battery.

--- Page 46 ---
46 - Battery pack
6. Reconnect the AC adapter and fully charge the battery again.
Follow these steps again until the battery has been charged and 
discharged three times.
Use this conditioning process for all new batteries, or if a battery 
hasn't been used for a long time. If the computer is to be stored for 
more than two weeks, you are advised to remove the battery pack 
from the unit.
The battery conditioning process ensures your battery accepts the 
maximum possible charge. Failure to follow this procedure will prevent 
you from obtaining the maximum battery charge, and will also shorten 
the effective lifespan of the battery.
In addition, the useful lifespan of the battery is adversely affected by 
the following usage patterns:
• Using the computer on constant AC power with the battery inserted. 
If you want to use constant AC power, you are advised to remove 
the battery pack after it is fully charged.
• Not discharging and recharging the battery to its extremes, as 
described above.
• Frequent use; the more you use the battery, the faster it will reach 
the end of its effective life. A standard computer battery has a life 
span of about 300 charges.
Optimizing battery life
Optimizing battery life helps you get the most out of battery operation, 
prolonging the charge/recharge cycle and improving recharging 
efficiency. You are advised to follow the suggestions set out below:
• Purchase an extra battery pack.
• Use AC power whenever possible, reserving battery for mobile use.
• Remove accessories that are not being used (e.g. a USB disk 
drive), as they can continue to draw power.
Warning
Do not expose battery packs to temperatures below 0° C (32° F) or 
above 45° C (113° F). Extreme temperatures may adversely affect the 
battery pack.

--- Page 47 ---
Battery pack - 47
• Store the battery pack in a cool, dry place. The recommended 
temperature is 10° C (50° F) to 30° C (86° F). Higher temperatures 
cause the battery to self-discharge faster.
• Excessive recharging decreases the battery life.
• Look after your AC adapter and battery. 
Checking the battery level
The power meter indicates the current battery level. Rest the cursor 
over the battery/power icon on the taskbar to see the battery's present 
charge level.
Battery-low warning
When using battery power pay attention to the power meter.
When the battery-low warning appears, the recommended course of 
action depends on your situation:
Important
Connect the AC adapter as soon as possible after the battery-low 
warning appears. Data may be lost if the battery is allowed to become 
fully depleted and the computer shuts down.
Situation Recommended Action
The AC adapter 
and a power 
outlet are 
available.
1. Plug the AC adapter into the computer, and 
then connect to the main power supply.
2. Save all necessary files.
3. Resume work.
Turn off the computer if you want to recharge 
the battery rapidly.
An extra fully 
charged battery 
pack is available.
1. Save all necessary files.
2. Close all applications.
3. Turn off the computer.
4. Replace the battery pack.
5. Turn on the computer and resume work.

--- Page 48 ---
48 - Battery pack
Installing and removing the battery pack
To install a battery pack:
1. Align the battery with the open battery bay; make sure that the end 
with the contacts will enter first, and that the top surface of the 
battery is facing up.
2. Slide the battery into the battery bay and gently push until the 
battery locks in place.
To remove a battery pack:
1. Slide the battery release latch to release the battery.
2. Pull the battery from the battery bay.
The AC adapter 
or a power outlet 
is unavailable. 
You have no 
spare battery 
pack.
1. Save all necessary files.
2. Close all applications.
3. Turn off the computer.
Situation Recommended Action
Important
Before removing the battery from the unit, connect the AC adapter if 
you want to continue using your computer. Otherwise, turn off the 
computer first.

--- Page 49 ---
Traveling with your computer - 49
TRAVELING WITH YOUR COMPUTER
This section gives you tips and hints to consider when moving around 
or traveling with your computer.
Disconnecting from the desktop
Follow these steps to disconnect your computer from external 
accessories:
1. Save any open files.
2. Remove discs from optical drive.
3. Shut down the computer or put it into Sleep or Hibernate mode.
4. Close the display cover.
5. Disconnect the cord from the AC adapter.
6. Disconnect the keyboard, pointing device, printer, external monitor 
and other external devices.
7. Disconnect the Kensington lock if you are using one to secure the 
computer.
Moving around
When you are just moving within short distances, for example, from 
your office desk to a meeting room.
Preparing the computer
Before moving the computer, close and latch the display cover to 
place it in Sleep mode. You can now safely take the computer 
anywhere you go within the building. To wake the computer from 
Sleep mode, open the display and, if necessary, press and release 
the power button.
If you are taking the computer to a client's office or a different building, 
you may choose to shut down the computer: 
Press the Windows key + <C>, click Settings > Power  then click 
Shut Down
Or:

--- Page 50 ---
50 - Traveling with your computer
You can put the computer in Sleep mode by pressing <Fn> + <F4> or 
by closing the display.
When you are ready to use the computer again, open the display and, 
if necessary, press and release the power button.
What to bring to meetings
If your meeting is relatively short, you probably do not need to bring 
anything with you other than your computer. If your meeting will be 
longer, or if your battery is not fully charged, you may want to bring 
the AC adapter with you to plug in your computer in the meeting room.
If the meeting room does not have an electrical outlet, reduce the 
drain on the battery by putting the computer in Sleep mode. Press 
<Fn> + <F4> or close the display cover whenever you are not actively 
using the computer.
Taking the computer home
When you are moving from your office to your home or vice versa.
Preparing the computer
After disconnecting the computer from your desktop, follow these 
steps to prepare the computer for the trip home:
• Check that you have removed all media and compact discs from the 
drive(s). Failure to remove the media can damage the drive head.
• Pack the computer in a protective case that can prevent the 
computer from sliding around and cushion it if it should fall.
Note
The computer may enter Hibernation or Deep Sleep mode after being in Sleep 
mode for a period of time.
Warning
Avoid packing items next to the top cover of the computer. Pressure 
against the top cover can damage the screen.

--- Page 51 ---
Traveling with your computer - 51
What to take with you
Unless you have some items at home, take the following items with 
you:
• AC adapter and power cord.
• A spare battery
• The printed Setup Guide.
Special considerations
Follow these guidelines to protect your computer while traveling to 
and from work:
• Minimize the effects of temperature changes by keeping the 
computer with you.
• If you need to stop for an extended period of time and cannot carry 
the computer with you, leave the computer in the trunk of the car to 
avoid exposing the computer to excessive heat.
• Changes in temperature and humidity can cause condensation. 
Allow the computer to return to room temperature, and inspect the 
screen for condensation before turning on the computer. If the 
temperature change is greater than 10° C (18° F), allow the 
computer to come to room temperature slowly. If possible, leave the 
computer for 30 minutes in an environment with a temperature 
between outside and room temperature.
Setting up a home office
If you frequently work on your computer at home, you may want to 
purchase a second AC adapter for use at home. With a second AC 
adapter, you can avoid carrying the extra weight to and from home.
If you use your computer at home for significant periods of time, you 
might also want to add an external keyboard, monitor or mouse.

--- Page 52 ---
52 - Traveling with your computer
Traveling with the computer
When you are moving within a larger distance, for instance, from your 
office building to a client's office building or traveling locally.
Preparing the computer
Prepare the computer as if you were taking it home. Make sure that 
the battery in the computer is charged. Airport security may require 
you to turn on your computer when carrying it into the gate area.
What to take with you
Take the following items with you:
• AC adapter
• Spare, fully-charged battery pack(s)
• Additional printer driver files if you plan to use another printer
Special considerations
In addition to the guidelines for taking the computer home, follow 
these guidelines to protect your computer while traveling:
• Always take the computer as carry-on luggage.
• Always take the spare battery pack with you as carry-on luggage.
• If possible, have the computer inspected by hand. Airport security X-
ray machines are safe, but do not put the computer through a metal 
detector.
Traveling internationally with the computer
Important
Check with your airline for any special requirements for travelling with 
Lithium batteries.
Important
Check with your airline for any special requirements for travelling with 
Lithium batteries.

--- Page 53 ---
Traveling with your computer - 53
When you are moving from country to country.
Preparing the computer
Prepare the computer as you would normally prepare it for traveling.
What to bring with you
Bring the following items with you:
• AC adapter.
• Power cords that are appropriate for your destination(s).
• Spare, fully-charged battery pack(s).
• Additional printer driver files if you plan to use another printer.
• Proof of purchase, in case you need to show it to customs officials.
• International Travelers Warranty passport.
Special considerations
Follow the same special considerations as when traveling with the 
computer. 
In addition, these tips are useful when traveling internationally:
• When traveling in another country, check that the local AC voltage 
and the AC adapter power cord specifications are compatible. If not, 
purchase a power cord that is compatible with the local AC voltage. 
Do not use converter kits sold for appliances to power the computer.
• If you are using the modem, check if the modem and connector are 
compatible with the telecommunications system of the country you 
are traveling in.

--- Page 54 ---
54 - Memory card reader
MEMORY CARD READER
Connectivity options
Your computer has a card reader and other ports/jacks that allow you 
to connect peripheral devices to your computer. For instructions on 
how to connect different external devices to the computer, read the 
following section.
Memory card reader
Memory cards are used in a wide selection of digital 
cameras, PDAs, MP3 players and mobile phones. 
Inserting a memory card
1. Align the card so that the connector points towards the port, with the 
connectors facing down.
2. Carefully slide the card into the port. If you find you need to use any 
force to insert the card, try reorientating the card slightly.
3. Push the card until it clicks into place. A few millimetres of the card 
will extend from beyond the slot.
If the card contains some files, the Windows Auto Play window may 
appear (this depends on the contents of the card) and ask you if you 
wish to use a program to access the contents of the card. Select an 
option here if it is appropriate, otherwise select Cancel. If the card 
contains no files, or unknown files, a window will open showing the 
contents of the card.
SD, SDHC and SDXC cards
Different types of SD cards cover different capacities, while using the 
same overall design. SD cards contain up to 4 GB, SDHC cards 
contain up to 32 GB, and SDXC cards can contain up to 2048 GB

--- Page 55 ---
Memory card reader - 55
(2 TB). Your computer provides an SDHC or SDXC compatible card 
reader.
Removing a card from a memory card reader
1. Click on Show hidden icons
arrow in the Notification Area (next 
to the clock).
2. Click on the Safely Remove 
Hardware icon.
3. Click on Eject SD Card (or the 
name of the device).
4. Wait until a Safe to Remove 
Hardware message is displayed.
5. Remove the card.
Note
SDXC memory cards can only be used in an SDXC-compatible reader; SD 
and SDHC cards can be used in either type.
3
2
1

--- Page 56 ---
56 - Video and audio connectors
VIDEO AND AUDIO CONNECTORS
Connect to a monitor with a VGA or DVI port (the type of connection 
supported depends on your computer’s configuration). The 
appropriate cable is usually included with the monitor. 
Follow these steps to connect an monitor to your computer:
1. Check that the computer is powered off and the monitor power 
switch is turned off.
2. Attach the video cable to the monitor port on the computer. Secure 
the cable connection with the screws provided.
3. Connect the monitor power cable and plug it into a properly 
grounded wall outlet.
4. Follow any setup instructions in the monitor's user's guide.
5. Turn on power to the monitor, then the computer.
6. Make sure that the current resolution and refresh rate do not exceed 
the specifications of the monitor. If necessary change the display 
settings used by the computer.
Headphones and microphone
These ports allow you to connect audio devices. Use the headphone 
port to plug in stereo headphones or powered speakers. Plugging an 
audio device to the headphone port disables the built-in speakers. 
Use the microphone port to connect an external microphone for mono 
recording; plugging in an external microphone disables the built-in 
microphone.
Note
To access the display controls, press the Windows key ( ) + W, type 
"Display" and then click on Display.
Note
Some computers have a single "combo" port that allows you to use single-pin 
headsets with a built-in microphone. These headsets are most commonly 
used with smartphones.

--- Page 57 ---
HDMI - 57
HDMI
HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) is a high-quality, digital 
audio/video interface. HDMI allows you to connect any compatible 
digital audio/video source, such as your computer, a set-top box, DVD 
player, and audio/video receiver to any compatible digital audio and/or 
video monitor, such as a digital television (DTV) with a single cable.
The single cable keeps everything neat and tidy while ensuring easy 
connection and the best audio and visual quality.

--- Page 58 ---
58 - Universal Serial Bus (USB)
UNIVERSAL SERIAL BUS (USB)
The USB port is a high-speed port which allows you to connect USB 
peripherals, such as a mouse, an external keyboard, additional 
storage (external hard disks), or any other compatible device.
You can also charge devices such as tablets, smartphones, or other 
devices through a USB port. Some USB 3.0 ports support charging 
devices when the computer is in Hibernate or turned off. Additionally, 
you can use a USB hub to connect multiple devices to a single USB 
port.
Note
Two USB standards are currently available on Packard Bell computers: USB 
2.0 (High-speed USB) and USB 3.0 (SuperSpeed USB). USB 2.0 ports on 
Packard Bell computers have a black tongue in the port, while USB 3.0 ports 
have a blue tongue. For best performance, USB 3.0 devices should always 
be plugged into USB 3.0 ports. Consult your device’s documentation to see 
which standard it supports.
Important
When removing a USB storage device, you should right-click on the 
USB icon in the Windows task bar and select "Eject <device>" to tell the 
operating system to stop using the device before removing it. Failure to 
do this may result in data loss or damage to your peripheral.

--- Page 59 ---
Frequently asked questions - 59
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
The following is a list of possible situations that may arise during the 
use of your computer. Easy solutions are provided for each one.
I turned on the power, but the computer does not start or boot up.
Look at the power indicator:
• If it is not lit, no power is being supplied to the computer. Check the 
following:
• If you are using on the battery, it may be low and unable to power 
the computer. Connect the AC adapter to recharge the battery 
pack.
• Make sure that the AC adapter is properly plugged into the 
computer and to the power outlet.
• If it is lit, check the following:
• Is a disc in the optical drive? Remove it and press <Ctrl> + <Alt> 
+ <Del> to restart the system.
• Do you have a USB storage device (USB disk or smartphone) 
plugged into your computer? Unplug it and press <Ctrl> + <Alt> + 
<Del> to restart the system.
Nothing appears on the screen.
The computer’s power management system automatically blanks the 
screen to save power. Press any key to turn the display back on.
If pressing a key does not turn the display back on, three things might 
be the cause:
• The brightness level might be too low. Press <Fn> + < > (increase) 
to adjust the brightness level.
• The display device might be set to an external monitor. Press the 
display toggle hotkey <Fn> + <F5> to toggle the display back to the 
computer.
• If the power LED is flashing, the computer may be in Sleep or 
Hibernate mode. Press and release the power button to resume.
No audio is heard from the computer.
Check the following:

--- Page 60 ---
60 - Frequently asked questions
• The volume may be muted. Look at the volume control (speaker) 
icon in the taskbar. If it is crossed-out, click the icon and deselect the 
Mute all option.
• The volume level may be too low. Check the volume from the 
volume control (speaker) icon in the taskbar. You can also use the 
volume control buttons to adjust the volume.
• If headphones, earphones or external speakers are connected to 
the headphone jack on the computer, the internal speakers 
automatically turn off.
I want to eject the optical drive tray without turning on the power.
There is a mechanical eject hole on the optical drive. Simply insert the 
tip of a pen or straightened-out paperclip into the hole and push to 
eject the tray.
The keyboard does not respond.
Try attaching an external keyboard to a USB port on the computer. If it 
works, contact your dealer or an authorized service center as the 
internal keyboard cable may be loose.
The printer does not work.
Check the following:
• Make sure that the printer is connected to a power outlet and that it 
is turned on.
• Make sure that the printer cable is connected securely to a USB port 
and the corresponding port on the printer.

--- Page 61 ---
Frequently asked questions - 61
I want to restore my computer to its original settings.
This recovery process helps you restore the C: drive with the original 
software content that is installed when you purchased your computer.
Before performing a restore operation, please check the BIOS 
settings.
1. Check to see if Packard Bell disk-to-disk recovery is enabled or 
not.
2. Make sure the D2D Recovery setting in Main is Enabled.
3. Exit the BIOS utility and save changes. The system will reboot.
For detailed information on the recovery process, see Recovering 
your system on page 23.
Requesting service
International Travelers Warranty (ITW)
Your computer is backed by an International Travelers Warranty 
(ITW) that gives you security and peace of mind when traveling. An 
ITW passport came with your computer. This passport contains all 
you need to know about the ITW program. A list of available, 
authorized service centers is in this handy booklet. Read this passport 
thoroughly.
Note
If your system is the multilingual version, the operating system and language 
you choose when you first turn on the system will be the only option for future 
recovery operations.
Warning
Your C: drive will be reformatted and all data will be erased. It is 
important to back up all data files before using this option.
Note
To activate the BIOS utility, press <F2> when you see the Packard Bell logo 
during boot up.

--- Page 62 ---
62 - Frequently asked questions
Always have your ITW passport on hand, especially when you travel, 
to receive the benefits from our support centers. Attach your proof-of-
purchase to the ITW passport.
If the country you are traveling in does not have an Packard Bell-
authorized ITW service site, you can still get in contact with our offices 
worldwide. Please visit www.packardbell.com.
Before you call
Please have the following information available when you call Packard 
Bell for online service, and please be at your computer when you call. 
With your support, we can reduce the amount of time a call takes and 
help solve your problems efficiently. If there are error messages or 
beeps reported by your computer, write them down as they appear on 
the screen (or the number and sequence in the case of beeps).
You are required to provide the following information:
Name: _______________________________________ 
Address: ______________________________________ 
Telephone number:  _____________________________ 
Machine and model type: _________________________ 
Serial number:  _________________________________ 
Date of purchase:  ______________________________

--- Page 63 ---
Frequently asked questions - 63
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
Tips and hints for using Windows 8.1
We know this is a new operating system that will take some getting 
used to, so we've created a few pointers to help you get started.
How do I get to Start?
Press the Windows key; click the Start button on the desktop taskbar; 
or move your cursor into the upper right-hand corner of the screen 
and click the Start charm.
Where’s the Start button?
The Start button will appear in the desktop taskbar. Clicking it will 
open Start where you can launch apps.
How do I see all of my apps?
Click the arrow icon that appears at the bottom of Start when you 
move your cursor.
Can I make the "All apps" view the default for Start?
Yes, you can, just follow these steps:
1. Go to the desktop.
2. Right-click the taskbar and select Properties from the menu that 
opens.
3. From the Navigation tab, check Show the Apps view automatically 
when I go to Start.
What are "Charms?"
Charms allow you to perform useful functions, such as sharing 
content, turning off your PC or changing settings. 
How do I access the charms?
Move your cursor into the upper right-hand corner of the screen.

--- Page 64 ---
64 - Frequently asked questions
Can I boot directly to the desktop?
Yes, you can, just follow these steps:
1. Go to the desktop.
2. Right-click the taskbar and select Properties from the menu that 
opens.
3. From the Navigation tab, check Go to the desktop instead of Start 
when I sign in.
How do I jump between apps?
Move your cursor to the upper left-hand corner of the screen and click 
the thumbnail of the app that you want to jump to.
How do I turn off my computer?
Move your cursor to the upper right-hand corner of the screen, click 
Settings > Power and select the action you'd like to take.
Can I just turn off notifications?
You can turn off notifications during certain hours so that you can 
leave your computer running, but not be disturbed by notifications.
1. Move your cursor to the upper right-hand corner of the screen and 
click  Settings > Change PC settings > Search & apps > 
Notifications.
2. Move the Quiet hours slider to On and select times to start and stop 
disabling notifications.
How do I unlock my computer?
Press the space bar and select a user account icon to unlock the 
computer. If your account has a password set, you will need to enter 
the password to continue.
Click the preview icon to see the characters you've entered to ensure 
the password is correct.

--- Page 65 ---
Frequently asked questions - 65
Can I personalize the Lock screen?
You can personalize the lock screen with a different image, to run a 
slideshow of images, or to show you quick status and notifications to 
suit your personal needs.
To change the background, move your cursor to the upper right-hand 
corner of the screen and click Settings > Change PC settings > PC 
& devices > Lock screen. From here you can:
• Select a background image for the lock screen
• Turn the Slide show on or off
• Select lock screen apps.
How do I set up the lock screen slideshow?
1. Move your cursor to the upper right-hand corner of the screen and 
click  Settings > Change PC settings > PC & devices > Lock 
screen.
2. Move the slider to On and select if the slideshow should be played 
while the computer is running on battery power.
3. Click  Add a folder and open the folder you wish to use (your 
Pictures folder will open by default). Click Use this folder > OK.
4. You can see the list of folders under Add a folder. Select a folder 
name and click Remove to remove the folder from the lock screen 
slideshow.
5. Change the other settings to suit your needs.
How do I personalize my computer?
You can personalize Start with a different background image or by 
arranging the tiles to suit your personal needs.
To change the background, move your cursor to the upper right-hand 
corner of the screen and click Settings > Change PC settings > 
Personalize. Click Start screen at the top of the page and select a 
color and image.

--- Page 66 ---
66 - Frequently asked questions
How do I set the alarm?
Your computer can act as an alarm clock. Start typing ’Alarms’ to 
search for the Alarms app.
1. Set the time using the sliders on the left-hand side of the screen.
2. Select AM or PM.
3. Choose which days the alarm should go off.
4. Select the notification.
5. Save the alarm by clicking the Save icon in the upper right-hand 
corner. 
How do I move tiles?
Right-click a tile to select it, then drag it to the place on Start that you 
want it to appear. Other tiles will be moved to accommodate the tile in 
its new location.
Can I arrange tiles in groups?
Yes, you can. Right-click a tile to select it and open the Customize 
menu. You will see Name group appear above unnamed groups. You 
can give the group(s) a name and arrange the tiles within the groups 
to suit your needs.
Hour
Minutes
SaveDelete
Note
The alarm will only sound if your computer is awake at the set time.

--- Page 67 ---
Frequently asked questions - 67
Can I make tiles bigger or smaller?
Right-click anywhere on Start to open the Customize menu, click the 
tile(s) you wish to resize and click Resize. Select a size from the 
menu that appears.
How do I close an app?
Move your cursor to the top of the screen. You will see it change to a 
hand, click and drag the hand downwards past the half-way point of 
the screen.
Can I change the screen resolution?
Move your cursor to the upper right-hand corner of the screen and 
click Search, click the text box to open the onscreen keyboard and 
start typing 'Control Panel' to display the results; click Control Panel
> Adjust screen resolution.
Where are my apps?
Move your cursor to the upper right-hand corner of the screen and 
click Search, start typing the name of the app you would like to open. 
Results will be displayed on the right-hand side of the screen.
How do I make an app appear on Start?
If you're in All apps and you want to make an app appear on Start, 
Right-click a tile to select it and open the Customize menu. Click Pin 
to Start from the menu that appears at the bottom of the screen.
How do I remove a tile from Start?
Right-click a tile to select it and open the Customize menu. Click the 
tile(s) you wish to remove and click Unpin from Start from the menu 
that appears at the bottom of the screen.
How do I make an app appear on my taskbar?
If you're in All apps and you want to make an app appear on the 
taskbar, right-click a tile  to select it and open the Customize menu. 
Select Pin to taskbar.

--- Page 68 ---
68 - Frequently asked questions
How do I install apps?
You can download Windows Store apps from Store. You will need to 
have a Microsoft ID to purchase and download apps from Store. 
I can't find apps like Notepad and Paint! Where are they?
Move your cursor to the upper right-hand corner of the screen and 
click Search, type the name of the app you would like to open using 
the pop-up keyboard. Alternatively, open All apps and scroll to 
’Windows Accessories’ to see the list of legacy programs.
Can I use more than one app at a time?
1. Click on a tile to open an app from the Start screen.
2. Return to the Start screen and repeat the process.
3. Swipe right from the left edge of the screen to display the last app 
that was opened.
4. Swipe right from the left edge of the screen until you see a column 
divider to display both apps simultaneously. Up to three apps may 
be displayed via three columns at the same time.
Can I show my desktop apps first?
Yes, you can, just follow these steps:
1. Go to the desktop.
2. Right-click the taskbar and select Properties from the menu that 
opens.
3. From the Navigation tab, check List desktop apps first in the Apps 
view when it's sorted by category.
What is a Microsoft ID (account)?
A Microsoft account is an email address and password that you use to 
sign in to Windows. You can use any email address, but it is best if 
you choose the one you already use to communicate with friends and 
sign in to your favorite websites. When you sign in to your PC with a 
Note
This function is limited to devices with a screen resolution higher than 1366 x 
768 pixels.

--- Page 69 ---
Frequently asked questions - 69
Microsoft account, you'll connect your PC to the people, files, and 
devices you care about.
Do I need one?
You do not need a Microsoft ID to use Windows 8.1, but it makes life 
easier because you can sync data across different machines you sign 
in to using a Microsoft ID. 
How do I get one?
If you've already installed Windows 8.1 and didn't sign in with a 
Microsoft account or you don't have a Microsoft account and want to 
get one, move your cursor to the upper right-hand corner of the 
screen and click Settings > Change PC settings > Accounts > 
Connect to a Microsoft account, and follow the onscreen 
instructions.
How do I add a favorite to Internet Explorer?
Internet Explorer 10 doesn't have traditional favorites, instead you can 
pin shortcuts to Start. Once you have the page open, swipe upwards 
from the bottom edge of the screen to open the menu at the bottom of 
the screen. Click Pin to Start.
How do I check for Windows updates?
Move your cursor to the upper right-hand corner of the screen and 
click  Settings > Change PC settings > Update & recovery > 
Windows Update. Click Check now.
Where can I get more information?
For more information please visit the following pages:
• Windows 8 and 8.1 tutorials: www.packardbell.com/windows8-
tutorial
• Support FAQs: support.packardbell.com

--- Page 70 ---
70 - Frequently asked questions
Troubleshooting
This chapter shows you how to deal with common system problems. 
Read it before calling a technician if a problem occurs. Solutions to 
more serious problems require opening up the computer. Do not 
attempt to open the computer yourself; contact your dealer or 
authorized service center for assistance.
Troubleshooting tips
This computer incorporates an advanced design that delivers 
onscreen error message reports to help you solve problems.
If the system reports an error message or an error symptom occurs, 
see "Error messages" below. If the problem cannot be resolved, 
contact your dealer. See Error messages on page 70.
Error messages
If you receive an error message, note the message and take the 
corrective action. The following table lists the error messages in 
alphabetical order together with the recommended course of action.
Error messages Corrective action
CMOS battery bad
Contact your dealer or an authorized service 
center.
CMOS checksum 
error
Contact your dealer or an authorized service 
center.
Disk boot failure
Insert a system (bootable) disk, then press 
<Enter> to reboot.
Equipment 
configuration error
Press <F2> (during POST) to enter the BIOS 
utility, then press Exit in the BIOS utility to 
reboot.
Hard disk 0 error
Contact your dealer or an authorized service 
center.
Hard disk 0 
extended type error
Contact your dealer or an authorized service 
center.
I/O parity error
Contact your dealer or an authorized service 
center.
F
REQUENTL
Y

--- Page 71 ---
Frequently asked questions - 71
If you still encounter problems after going through the corrective 
measures, please contact your dealer or an authorized service center 
for assistance.
Keyboard error or no 
keyboard connected
Contact your dealer or an authorized service 
center.
Keyboard interface 
error
Contact your dealer or an authorized service 
center.
Memory size 
mismatch
Press <F2> (during POST) to enter the BIOS 
utility, then press Exit in the BIOS utility to 
reboot.
Error messages Corrective action

--- Page 72 ---
72 - Internet and online security
INTERNET AND ONLINE SECURITY
First steps on the net
Protecting your computer
It is vital to protect your computer from viruses and attacks over the 
Internet (see Security on page 76). A comprehensive Internet 
security program is offered when you first start your computer. You 
should activate this protection as soon as possible, certainly before 
you connect to the Internet.
Choose an Internet Service Provider
Using the Internet has become a natural part of daily 
computing. Just a few simple steps can connect you to 
a vast collection of knowledge and communication 
tools. To accomplish these steps you should first 
select an Internet Service Provider (ISP), which 
supplies the connection between your computer and 
the Internet. You should research the ISPs available in 
your region, not forgetting to talk to friends and family about their 
experiences or to check reviews and consumer reports. The ISP you 
select will provide instructions on how to connect to the Internet (you 
may need additional software or a special ‘box’ that connects to your 
phone line).
Connection types
Depending on your computer model, your location and your 
communication needs, you have several ways to connect to the 
Internet. 
Dial-up
Some computers include a telephone dial-up (‘modem’) connector. 
This allows you to connect to the Internet using your telephone line. 
With a dial-up connection, you cannot use the modem and the 
telephone simultaneously on a single phone line. This type of 
connection is recommended only if you have limited use of the

--- Page 73 ---
Internet and online security - 73
Internet as the connection speed is low and connection time is 
typically charged per hour. 
DSL (e.g. ADSL)
DSL (Digital Subscriber Line) is an ‘always-on’ connection that runs 
over the phone line. As DSL and phone do not use the same 
frequencies, you can use your telephone at the same time you are 
connected to the Internet (this requires a ‘micro-filter’ on each 
telephone socket to avoid interference). To be eligible for DSL, you 
must be located near an DSL-equipped phone exchange (service is 
sometimes unavailable in rural areas). Connection speeds vary 
depending on your location, but DSL generally provides very fast and 
reliable Internet connection. As the connection is always-on, it is 
generally charged at fixed monthly rates.
Cable
A cable connection provides fast and always-on Internet service via a 
cable television line. This service is generally available in large cities. 
You can use your telephone and watch cable TV at the same time you 
are connected to the Internet. 
3G (WWAN or 'Wireless Wide-Area Network')
A 3G connection allows you to use cellular networks (such as those 
used by a mobile phone) to connect to the Internet while away from 
home. The socket for a SIM card may be built in to your computer, or 
may require an external device, such as a USB modem or even an 
appropriately equipped mobile phone.
Note
A DSL connection requires an appropriate modem. A modem is usually 
provided by the ISP when you register. Many of these modems include an 
‘router’ that provides network and Wi-Fi access.
Note
If your computer includes a SIM card slot, you require a compatible SIM card 
and a contract with a cellular provider. 

Before using the 3G features, check with your service provider to see if any 
additional charges will be incurred, especially roaming charges.

--- Page 74 ---
74 - Internet and online security
Network connections
A LAN (Local Area Network) is a group of computers (for example, 
within an office building or home) that share a common 
communications line and resources. When you set up a network, you 
can share files, peripheral devices (such as a printer) and an Internet 
connection. You can set up a LAN using wired technologies (such as 
Ethernet) or wireless technologies (such as Wi-Fi or Bluetooth). 
Wireless networks
A wireless LAN or WLAN is a wireless local area network, which may 
link two or more computers without using wires. Setting up a wireless 
network is easy and allows you to share files, peripheral devices and 
an Internet connection. 
What are benefits of a wireless network?
Mobility
Wireless LAN systems allow you and other users of your home 
network to share access to files and devices connected to the 
network, for example a printer or scanner.
Also you can share an internet connection with other computers in 
your home.
Installation speed and simplicity
Installing a wireless LAN system can be fast and easy and eliminates 
the need to pull cables through walls and ceilings. 
Components of a wireless LAN
To set up your Wireless network at home you need to have the 
following:
Access point (router)
Access points (routers) are two-way transceivers that broadcast data 
into the surrounding environment. Access points act as a mediator 
between wired and wireless network. Most routers have a built-in DSL 
modem that will allow you access to a high speed DSL internet 
connection. The ISP (Internet Service Provider) you have chosen 
normally supplies a modem/router with the subscription to their 
services. Read carefully the documentation supplied with your Access

--- Page 75 ---
Internet and online security - 75
point/router for detailed setup instructions.
Network cable (RJ45)
A network cable (also called RJ45 cable) is used to connect the host 
computer to the access point (see illustration below); this type of cable 
may also be used to connect peripheral devices to the access point.
Wireless adapter
An internal wireless adapter is normally already installed in your 
computer. A button or controls in Windows allow you to activate 
or deactivate the adapter.
Diagram of a working network
1. Access point/router
2. Desktop computer
3. Modem
4. Printer
5. Portable computer
6. PDA/Smartphone
7. Network cables (RJ45)




Turning on/off a wireless network connection
Most computers feature a ‘Wi-Fi’ button that turns the network 
connection on or off. If your computer has wireless access, but does 
not feature a Communication button, you may turn your wireless 
network on or off, or control what is shared over the network with the 
network management options. Press the Windows key ( ) + W, type 
"HomeGroup" and then click on HomeGroup.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
Warning
Using wireless devices while flying in aircraft is prohibited. Switch off 
all devices before boarding an aircraft; they may be dangerous to the 
operation of the aircraft, disrupt communications, and even be illegal.

--- Page 76 ---
76 - Internet and online security
Surf the Net!
To surf the Internet, you need a program called an 
Internet browser. Internet Explorer provides an easy 
and secure web browsing experience. As soon as you 
have your Internet access installed and you are 
connected, from Start, click the Internet Explorer tile or 
the icon located on the desktop and take your Internet 
experience to a new level!
Packard Bell website
To get you started why not visit our website, www.packardbell.com.
Packard Bell is dedicated to provide you with on-going personalised 
support. Check out our Support section to get help tailored to your 
needs.
www.packardbell.com is your portal to a world of online activities 
and services: visit us regularly for the latest information and 
downloads! 
Security
You are probably eager to explore everything the Internet has to offer. 
In order for you to be safe online, Packard Bell has pre-installed 
Symantec’s award-winning Norton Internet Security
™
 on your 
computer. 
Norton Internet Security runs quietly in the background to block 
today’s complex threats and protect your identity when you shop, 
bank, or browse online.
Norton Internet Security blocks online identity theft, detects and 
eliminates spyware, removes viruses and Internet worms, protects 
against hackers.
Definitions
What is a virus?
Malicious software, typically called ‘viruses’, are programs designed to 
infect and damage computers. Most viruses are transmitted over the 
Internet, emails or malicious Web sites. A typical virus will replicate 
and pass itself undetected to multiple computers. Other forms of

--- Page 77 ---
Internet and online security - 77
nuisance, such as Trojan horses, worms or spam can infect your 
computer in various ways, using up resources or clogging up a 
network.
What is spyware?
Spyware refers to generally unwanted programs that are downloaded 
onto your computer while connected to the Internet, often without you 
knowing it. Once it has infected your computer, it can snoop on your 
browsing activity, collect personal information, cause pop-up ads to 
appear, or even change the configuration of your computer. Spyware 
consumes resources on your computer; it can slow down your Internet 
connection or entire computer system, and even cause crashes.
Spyware is sometimes used by unscrupulous companies to monitor 
and track the sites you visit on the Internet so as to determine your 
web-surfing habits and display targeted pop-up ads on your screen. 
However, some kinds of spyware go beyond simple tracking and 
actually monitor keystrokes and capture passwords, posing a serious 
security risk. 
What is malware?
Malicious software, also known as malware, is software designed to 
deliberately harm your computer. For example, viruses, worms, and 
Trojan horses are malicious software. To help protect your computer 
against malware, make sure it is using up-to-date antivirus and anti-
malware software.
What is a personal firewall?
A personal firewall is a software program designed to prevent 
unauthorized access to or from a private network. It acts as a shield to 
protect your Internet connection from unwanted connections, some of 
which may attempt to take control of your computer to install or re-
distribute viruses or malicious programs. Each connection to your 
computer is monitored - programs that attempt to receive information 
without your permission are detected and the firewall will display an 
alert. You can then decide if you will allow the connection, if the 
Note
Packard Bell guarantees that your computer was 100% virus free at the time 
of purchase and does not cover damages due to viruses.

--- Page 78 ---
78 - Internet and online security
connection is to a program you are currently using then normally you 
would allow it (i.e. a game connecting to a multi-player server or an 
encyclopaedia making a content update).
How to protect your computer
Cybercrime prevention can be straight-forward - when armed with a 
little technical advice and common sense, many attacks can be 
avoided. In general, online criminals are trying to make their money as 
quickly and easily as possible. The more difficult you make their job, 
the more likely they are to leave you alone and move on to an easier 
target. The tips below provide basic information on how you can 
prevent online fraud.
Keep your computer current with the latest patches and updates
One of the best ways to keep attackers away from your computer is to 
apply patches and other software fixes when they become available. 
By regularly updating your computer, you block attackers from being 
able to take advantage of software flaws (vulnerabilities) that they 
could otherwise use to break into your system. 
While keeping your computer up-to-date will not protect you from all 
attacks, it makes it much more difficult for hackers to gain access to 
your system, blocks many basic and automated attacks completely, 
and might be enough to discourage less-determined attackers, so 
they will give up and look for a more vulnerable computer elsewhere. 
More recent versions of Microsoft Windows and other popular 
software can be configured to download and apply updates 
automatically so that you do not have to remember to check for the 
latest software. Taking advantage of auto-update features in your 
software is a great start toward keeping yourself safe online. 
Protect your computer with security software
Several types of security software are necessary for basic online 
security. Security software essentials include firewall and antivirus 
programs. A firewall is usually your computer's first line of defense-it 
controls who and what can communicate with your computer online. 
You could think of a firewall as a sort of "policeman" that watches all 
the data attempting to flow in and out of your computer on the 
Internet, allowing communications that it knows are safe and blocking 
"bad" traffic such as attacks from ever reaching your computer.

--- Page 79 ---
Internet and online security - 79
The next line of defense many times is your antivirus software, which 
monitors all online activities such as email messages and Web 
browsing and protects an individual from viruses, worms, Trojan horse 
and other types of malicious programs. Your antivirus and 
antispyware software should be configured to update itself, and it 
should do so every time you connect to the Internet. 
Integrated security suites such as Norton Internet Security, which 
combine firewall, antivirus, antispyware with other features such as 
antispam and parental controls, have become popular as they offer all 
the security software needed for online protection in a single package. 
Many people find using a comprehensive security suite an attractive 
alternative to installing, configuring and updating several different 
types of security software. 
A complete version of Norton Internet Security is pre-installed on your 
Packard Bell system. It includes a free trial subscription to protection 
updates. Make sure you Activate it!
Choose strong passwords and keep them safe
Passwords are a fact of life on the Internet today; we use them for 
everything from ordering flowers and online banking to logging into 
our favorite airline Web site to see how many miles we have 
accumulated. The following tips can help make your online 
experiences secure: 
• Selecting a password that cannot be easily guessed is the first step 
toward keeping passwords secure and out of the wrong hands. 
Strong passwords have eight characters or more and use a 
combination of letters, numbers and symbols (e.g., # $ % ! ?). Avoid 
using any of the following as your password: your login name, 
anything based on your personal information such as your last 
name, and words that can be found in the dictionary, especially 
"password." Try to select especially strong, unique passwords for 
protecting activities like online banking. 
• Keep your passwords in a safe place and try not to use the same 
password for every service you use online. 
• Change passwords on a regular basis, at least every 90 days. This 
can limit the damage caused by someone who has already gained 
access to your account. If you notice something suspicious with one

--- Page 80 ---
80 - Internet and online security
of your online accounts, one of the first steps you can take is to 
change your password. 
Protect your personal information
Exercise caution when sharing personal information such as your 
name, home address, phone number, and email address online. To 
take advantage of many online services, you will inevitably have to 
provide personal information in order to handle billing and shipping of 
purchased goods. Since not divulging any personal information is 
rarely possible, the following list contains some advice for how to 
share personal information safely online: 
• Keep an eye out for phony email messages. Things that indicate 
a message may be fraudulent are misspellings, poor grammar, odd 
phrasing, Web site addresses with strange extensions, Web site 
addresses that are entirely numbers where there are normally 
words, and anything else out of the ordinary. Additionally, phishing 
messages will often tell you that you have to act quickly to keep your 
account open, update your security, or urge you to provide 
information immediately or else something bad will happen. Don't 
take the bait. 
• Don't respond to email messages that ask for personal 
information. Legitimate companies will not use email messages to 
ask for your personal information. When in doubt, contact the 
company by phone or by typing in the company Web address into 
your Web browser. Don't click on the links in these messages as 
they make take you to fraudulent, malicious Web sites. 
• Steer clear of fraudulent Web sites used to steal personal 
information. When visiting a Web site, type the address (URL) 
directly into the Web browser rather than following a link within an 
email or instant message. Fraudsters often forge these links to 
make them look convincing. 
A shopping, banking or any other Web site where sensitive 
information should have an "S" after the letters "http" (i.e. https://
www.yourbank.com not http://www.yourbank.com). The "s" stands 
for secure and should appear when you are in an area requesting 
you to login or provide other sensitive data. Another sign that you 
have a secure connection is the small lock icon in the bottom of your 
web browser (usually the right-hand corner).

--- Page 81 ---
Internet and online security - 81
• Pay attention to privacy policies on Web sites and in software.
It is important to understand how an organization might collect and 
use your personal information before you share it with them. 
• Guard your email address. Spammers and "phishers" sometimes 
send millions of messages to email addresses that may or may not 
exist in hopes of finding a potential victim. Responding to these 
messages or even downloading images ensures you will be added 
to their lists for more of the same messages in the future. Also be 
careful when posting your email address online in newsgroups, 
blogs or online communities. 
Online offers that look too good to be true usually are
The old saying "there's no such thing as a free lunch" still rings true 
today. Supposedly "free" software such as screen savers or smileys, 
secret investment tricks sure to make you untold fortunes, and 
contests that you've surprisingly won without entering are the enticing 
hooks used by companies to grab your attention. 
While you may not directly pay for the software or service with money, 
the free software or service you asked for may have been bundled 
with advertising software ("adware") that tracks your behavior and 
displays unwanted advertisements. You may have to divulge personal 
information or purchase something else in order to claim your 
supposed content winnings. If an offer looks so good it's hard to 
believe, ask for someone else's opinion, read the fine print, or even 
better, simply ignore it. 
Review bank and credit card statements regularly 
The impact of identity theft and online crimes can be greatly reduced if 
you can catch it shortly after your data is stolen or when the first use 
of your information is attempted. One of the easiest ways to get the 
tip-off that something has gone wrong is by reviewing the monthly 
statements provided by your bank and credit card companies for 
anything out of the ordinary. 
Additionally, many banks and services use fraud prevention systems 
that call out unusual purchasing behavior (i.e. if you live in Texas and 
all of the sudden start buying refrigerators in Budapest). In order to 
confirm these out of the ordinary purchases, they might call you and 
ask you to confirm them. Don't take these calls lightly; this is your hint

--- Page 82 ---
82 - Internet and online security
that something bad may have happened and you should take 
necessary action.
Protect your computer with Windows security tools
Windows provides a variety of protection applications.
Windows Updates
If you have an active Internet connection, Windows can check for 
important updates for your computer and install them automatically. 
These updates include security patches and program updates that 
can improve your computing experience and help protect your 
computer against new viruses and attacks.
How do I know when my computer is at risk?
If the Action Center reports an alert, or if your computer behaves 
erratically, crashes unexpectedly or if some of your programs do not 
work correctly, your computer may be infected by malicious software. 
However, do not blame every computer problem on a virus! If you 
suspect your computer is infected, the first thing to do is update, if you 
have not already done so, and run your antivirus and anti-spyware 
software.

--- Page 83 ---
Playing Blu-Ray or DVD movies - 83
PLAYING BLU-RAY OR DVD MOVIES
If your computer is equipped with a Blu-Ray or DVD drive, you can 
play movies on your computer or on a high-definition TV via the HDMI 
port.
1. Insert the disc into the drive.
2. After a few seconds, the movie will start playing.
3. If the movie does not start playing, open your movie playback 
program and open the disc from the File menu. 
 
Important
When you launch the DVD player for the first time, the program asks 
you to enter the region code. DVDs  are available for 6 regions
Region code Country or region
1 USA, Canada
2 Europe, Middle East, South Africa, Japan
3 Southeast Asia, Taiwan, South Korea
4 Latin America, Australia, New Zealand
5 Former USSR, parts of Africa, India
6 People’s Republic of China
Note
To change the region code, insert a DVD movie of a different region into the 
DVD drive.

Once your DVD drive is set to a region code, it will only play DVDs for that 
region. You can set the region code a maximum of five times (including the 
first time), after which the last region code set will remain permanent.

Recovering your hard disk does not reset the number of times the region code 
has been set.
Ver.: 01.01.01

