Brand: TARGA
Model: Ultra An64 4200 Dc
URL: https://www.manua.ls/targa/ultra-an64-4200-dc/manual
Total Pages: 305
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---







Targa 
PC MANUAL 
 
  
 
DATA BECKER

--- Page 2 ---






  Copyright   by  DATA BECKER GmbH & Co. KG   
  Merowingerstr. 30   
  40223 Düsseldorf 
  Germany 
  Author  Christoph Prevezanos 
  Project Editor  Christian Strauch 
  Cover Design  DATA BECKER 
  Translation  Think’Z International Europe Ltd. (www.thinkz.com) 
  Page Layout  Andreas Quednau (www.aquednau.de) 
Think’Z International Europe Ltd. 
  Production Coordinator  Claudia Lötschert 
    This book is copyrighted. No part of this book may be 
reproduced, copied or distributed using any means 
or transmitted in any form without the prior written 
permission of DATA BECKER GmbH & Co. KG. 
  Responsible  Targa GmbH 
Lange Wende 41 
59494 Soest

--- Page 3 ---





Important Note 
The procedures and programs described in this book are given regardless of patent. They are 
intended for amateur and training purposes only. 
All information, technical specifications and programs in this book has been produced by the 
authors with the utmost care. However, the publishers can provide neither a guarantee, nor 
accept legal responsibility or any other responsibility, for consequences resulting from 
incorrect information. 
The software and hardware designations and trademarks of companies used in this book shall 
generally remain subject to the legislation covering trade names, trademarks and protection 
unter patent law. 
The text contained in this book are suggestions and examples only. They include selective 
information only with no claims made for completeness. 
In addition, although the text has been created with great care, the publisher and the author 
shall accept no responsibilty for the completeness or correctness, for the contents of the text 
or for the success of the users action after following the information given in this manual. 
Using the information given in the text is solely at the user´s own risk.

--- Page 5 ---



English     
Français   
 
Nederlands   
 
Português   
 
Svenska   
 
 



--- Page 7 ---











English 
1RWH
%HIRUH\RXXVHWKLVGHYLFHIRUWKHILUVWWLPHSOHDVHUHDGWKHIROORZLQJQRWHVLQWKLV
PDQXDODQGKHHGDOOZDUQLQJVHYHQLI\RXDUHIDPLOLDUZLWKKDQGOLQJHOHFWURQLF
GHYLFHV.HHSWKLVPDQXDOLQDVDIHSODFHIRUIXWXUHUHIHUHQFH,I\RXVHOORUSDVVWKLV
GHYLFHRQWRDQRWKHUSHUVRQLWLVLPSHUDWLYHWKDW\RXDOVRKDQGRYHUWKLVPDQXDO
Microsoft
®
 and Windows
®
 are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation.  
All other trademarks or registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners.

--- Page 9 ---
Table of Contents    
1
Table of Contents
1. Quick Start in Five Minutes 
.......................................... 3
1.1 Connectors and Ports .......................................................... 3
1.2 Connecting and Powering Up  .............................................. 4
Connecting Power and Monitor ............................................ 4
Connecting Mouse and Keyboard ........................................ 5
1.3 Starting Windows for the First Time ..................................... 5
2. Advanced Configuration and Handling 
................... 7
2.1 Graphics Adapter ................................................................. 7
Configuring Your Monitor and Graphics Adapter .................. 7
Image Output on a TV  ......................................................... 8
2.2 Card Reader ........................................................................ 10
Inserting a Memory Card ..................................................... 10
Transferring and Saving Data on the PC  ............................. 11
Removing a Memory Card Safely ........................................ 12
2.3 Modem, Internet and Network  ............................................. 12
Connecting the Modem  ....................................................... 12
Setting Up the Dial-Up Networking ...................................... 13
Configuring the Network  ...................................................... 17
WLAN – Setting Up a Wireless Network .............................. 20
WEP – Security and Wireless Networks .............................. 24
WLAN Connections – Only Enable Them When Needed  .... 26
2.4 Connecting USB and FireWire Devices ............................... 27
USB Devices ........................................................................ 27
FireWire Devices  ................................................................. 28
3. Troubleshooting, First Aid and FAQ 
......................... 29
3.1 Troubleshooting  ................................................................... 29
3.2 FAQ – Frequently Asked Questions ..................................... 32
3.3 If Everything Has Crashed – the System Restore  ............... 33
Creating System Checkpoints  ............................................. 34
Restoring Your System By Using Checkpoints ..................... 35
3.4 Restoring the System by Using the System Recovery
Software  .............................................................................. 37

--- Page 10 ---
2
    Table of Contents
Activation, Registration and Serial Number ............... 41
Safety .............................................................................................. 43
EMC and Safety Regulations .................................................... 43
Note to the User ........................................................................ 43
Intended Use  ............................................................................ 43
Operating Environment ............................................................. 44
Batteries and Rechargeable Batteries  ...................................... 45
Laser (Safety Warning)  ............................................................. 45
Important Safety Instructions .................................................... 46
Additional Safety Instructions for Devices with Wireless LAN ... 47
CE Marking for Devices with Wireless LAN  .............................. 47
Restrictions ............................................................................... 48
RF Frequencies for Wireless LAN Devices  ............................... 48
Regulations – Exclusion of Liability ........................................... 49
Disposal of Old Devices ............................................................ 50
Conformity  ................................................................................ 50
Glossary ......................................................................................... 51
Index  ............................................................................................... 53
Warning!
The supplied component driver CDs may not be up to date.
You'll find the latest approved drivers on the EasyInstall CD/DVD or on our
website www.service.targa.co.uk.

--- Page 11 ---
Connectors and Ports    
3
1. Quick Start in Five Minutes
1.1 Connectors and Ports
1 Display
2 Quick Media button
3 Power button
4 DVD-ROM drive
5 Eject button DVD-ROM
6 DVD/CD burner
7 Eject button DVD/CD burner
8 Front Access for 5 1/4" drive bay
9 Front cover (card reader & connection ports)
10 Ventilation holes
1 SD, SD-Mini, MMC, RS-MMC
2 CompactFlash / Microdrive slot
3 Smart Media  / xD slot
4 Memory Stick / Pro slot
5 S-Video in
6 Composite-Video in
7 Audio-Line in (only for AV)
8 Mic in
9 Audio-Line out
10 eSATA interface
11 FireWire port (4-pin, 6-pin)
12 USB ports (4x)

--- Page 12 ---
4
    Quick Start in Five Minutes
1 Power receptacle
2 Power switch
3 Security seal
4 Product designation and serial number
5 Scart (Euro AV) socket
6 PS/2 connectors
7 SPDIF digital output/input (Coaxial)
8 Parallel interface
9 eSATA interface
10 SPDIF digital output/input (optical)
11 USB port (4x)
12 FireWire port (6-pin)
13 Network / LAN / Ethernet connector
14 Center / Subwoofer connector
15 Side loud speakers connector
16 Back loud speakers connector
17 Microphone connector
18 Audio- Line out/front loud speakers
connector (stereo loudspeaker connector)
19 Audio-Line in
20 Housing lock
21 DVI/-I digital monitor connector
22 VGA analog monitor connector
23 S-Video out
24 Serial interface
25 TV signal input – DVB-S
26 TV signal input – digital, analog, DVB-T
27 Broadcasting antenna input
28 RJ11 modem connector
1.2  Connecting and Powering Up
Connecting Power and Monitor
1.
 Connect the PC to the wall outlet by inserting the
supplied power cable into the corresponding power
inlet.
2.
 Toggle the main power switch on the back of your
computer so that the label "I" is pressed. From now
on, you can leave the main power switch turned on
all the time and switch the computer on and off by
using the power switch located at the front of the PC.

--- Page 13 ---
Starting Windows for the First Time    
5
3. Connect the cable (VGA monitor cable) to the corresponding port of your com-
puter. When using a modern flat-panel computer display featuring a DVI port, you
can connect it to this port. This will provide a better signal quality. Do not force the
mechanical parts and only tighten the screws manually.
4. Connect the monitor to the electrical wall outlet and switch it on.
Connecting Mouse and Keyboard
1. First of all, the batteries or rechargeable batteries
must be inserted into the keyboard and mouse. Open
the compartment on the underside of the mouse and
insert the batteries. Observe the labeling for the cor-
rect polarity.
2. Next open the battery compartment on the under-
side of the keyboard and insert the batteries in
accordance with the marks.
3. Connect the wireless receiver to a USB port on
the PC. You can use any USB port for this – e.g. one
on the back of the device.
4. The devices now have to be synchronized. Turn
on your computer. Press the configuration button on the wireless receiver so that
this searches for new devices. Now you need to press the ID button on the under-
side of the keyboard and then on the underside of the mouse within the next 15
seconds.
Note: The USB cable of the mouse is for charging the rechargeable batteries of the
mouse!
1.3  Starting Windows for the First Time
First of all you have to power on the device by toggling the main power switch.
Windows will automatically be loaded and you will see the Desktop. Here you can
start your work immediately. However, when using your computer for the first time,
the boot process will be different. Before using the computer for the first time,
Windows has to be configured and customized for your working habits.
1. This process is very simple and can be completed within a few minutes. A setup
wizard will appear automatically, guiding you through the different steps of the first-
time setup. Follow the on-screen instructions to complete all the steps.

--- Page 14 ---
6
    Quick Start in Five Minutes
2. At the end, these settings will be saved automatically and will be available in the
future. Therefore you will only have to perform this process once during the first-
time startup.
3. Once the first-time setup is completed, you must restart your computer. Most of
the drives and components are still in a kind of "sleeping condition". After restarting,
all hardware components will be enabled and Windows will re-load its configuration.
4. To do so, click Start/Turn Off Computer in the lower left-hand corner. A new
window appears offering three options. Click Restart. Windows will shut down and
restart after a few seconds. Next, the Windows Desktop will load and you can start
using your computer.
Optimizing the Screen Display
After you have launched and setup Windows for the first time, the display will
use standard settings. The picture display might not be optimum and the
graphics adapter does not work at highest quality. This is not a malfunction and
you may fix it by changing the configuration. If the above is your case, please
read on page 7 how to optimize the display quality.

--- Page 15 ---
Graphics Adapter    
7
2. Advanced Configuration and Handling
2.1 Graphics Adapter
Configuring Your Monitor and Graphics Adapter
You can optimize the screen display with just a few settings.
Note About Illustrations
The figures shown for configuration here are samples only. Any functions,
menus and appearance may be different from hardware to hardware and driver
to driver. However, the basic procedure will be the same.
1.
 First, open the display configuration screen. Click Start/Control Panel to open
the Control Panel and open the configuration by clicking the Display icon.
2.
 In the Display Properties window
select the Settings tab. At the bottom
you'll find the Screen resolution
setting. You can grab the ruler with
the mouse and move it to the left or
right to enlarge or reduce the resolu-
tion.
3.
 Next to it there is the Color qual-
ity option where you can adjust the
color depth. The setting Medium
(16 bit) will offer you almost photo
quality for your display. This setting is
optimum for your daily work and for
most of the image-editing applica-
tions. The option Highest (32 bit) is
also called High Color. It still displays
more colors but this may also reduce the system performance.

--- Page 16 ---
8
    Advanced Configuration and Handling
4. Next click Advanced to open a
new window. Click the Monitor tab on
top. Here you can set the Screen
refresh rate. Select the highest value
possible to obtain a flicker-free image
display and comfortable viewing. At
least 70 Hz to 85 Hz are recom-
mended.
5. When you are done with all set-
tings, click OK to confirm. Windows
will toggle to the new configuration for
a test. If you are satisfied with the new
settings, click Yes to keep them. If
you are not, Windows will automati-
cally toggle back to the original set-
tings after 15 seconds. You can then
correct the settings and try it again.
Image Output on a TV
When receiving a TV station or viewing a DVD movie you do not need to use your
computer screen. Your computer also features a TV Out port for connecting a con-
ventional television set or video projector. This allows you to enjoy your home
theater on a large-size 16:9 TV or projector.
Most TV sets and projectors use conventional video cables (yellow Euro-Cinch) or
S-Video connectors. You can use any of these cables as you can use an adapter to
connect them to your graphics card. However, the display image quality will be
better when using an S-Video cable. You will notice the difference especially when
using high-end video sources like DVD movies.
TV output via S-Video port (right).
1. First connect the video cable to the TV Out port of your graphics adapter. Use
any of the mentioned cable types (Euro-Cinch or S-Video). The type of cable de-
pends on the signal input connectors of your TV set. Depending on the connection
type you're using, you may need the (optional) adapter to make it fit. Next, connect
the cable to the TV set or projector.

--- Page 17 ---
Graphics Adapter    
9
2. The TV Out port of your graphics adapter always provides a suitable signal for
any TV sets. However, you can optimize this signal for better quality. Especially
when using a professional projector resolution, refresh rate and interlaced/non-
interlaced signals are possible.
In order to perform this setting, go to Start/Control Panel. The Control Panel win-
dow will open. Here you'll find the Display icon. Double-click on it to open it. The
Display Properties window opens. Click the Settings tab. Open the configuration
by clicking the Advanced button.
3. A new window will pop up. Click the GeForce tab. Here you can select between
the different output devices, such as a computer monitor, projector, television or flat
screen.
Note ...
Once you have made the connection between your computer and the TV set,
you must turn the TV set on and configure it to receive the video signal. This
means that you select the "Video", "AV" or similar input source on your TV.
Sometimes, your computer needs to be restarted in order for the graphics
adapter to detect the new connection and to provide the proper signal automati-
cally. If the described icons for your TV set are not available or grayed-out,
check the cable connection or restart your PC.
The difference between
a projector and a TV set
is that the projector uses
an S-Video or RGB
signal by default, whilst
the TV set uses a nor-
mal VHS (Composite)
signal.
You can easily click on
the desired device with
the mouse and make it
your  "Primary Display".
This device will then be
used for the display out-
put and the video signal
will be optimized for that device. You can modify the settings for the enabled device
in the menu on the left-hand side. Depending on the features of your TV set or pro-
jector you can further optimize the video output.

--- Page 18 ---
10
    Advanced Configuration and Handling
Problems when Using Copy-Protected DVDs
The new copyright law does not allow any copying of protected media like
music CDs or movie DVDs, even for private use! Any video output to an exter-
nal device like a TV set would allow a copying of the movie to a VCR at the
same time. Therefore, it is possible that protected movie DVDs (e.g. from
Macrovision etc.) also block the graphics adapter's video output in order to
avoid any copying of the movie through it. However, you may still view the
movie on your TV set. Some protections are so severe that viewing the movie
on the computer is only possible with interference or not possible at all. This is
not a malfunction of your computer, it is only a copy-protection of the manufac-
turer.
2.2  Card Reader
Inserting a Memory Card
You can find the memory card reader
behind a cover on the front side of your
computer. Press sharply on the upper
side of the cover mechanism to open the
front panel. It offers you several slots for
the different types of memory cards. The
appearance and location of the different
card slots may be different from model to
model. Depending on the card reader
model, you can use the following types of
memory cards:
•  Compact Flash, Microdrive – Compact
Flash cards are available as Type I
and Type II (CF I, CF II). Standard flash memory card are usually Type I cards.
Other storage media such as IBM Microdrive follow the Type II specifications.
They are slightly thicker and larger.
•  SmartMedia, SD-Cards, Memory Stick - Other typical memory cards include
SmartMedia and SD-cards as well as the Sony Memory Stick. Their compact
and robust design makes them the ideal companion for digital cameras, MP3
players or mobile phones.
 Thanks to the distinguished appearance of the card reader, its slots and the cards
themselves, you will probably not confuse the different types when inserting them.
Mechanically, they only fit into the right slot.

--- Page 19 ---
Card Reader    
11
 
 Note
 Unfortunately, not all memory card manufacturers respect all the established
specifications. Therefore, a global compatibility with all cards cannot be guar-
anteed due to the sheer number of manufacturers.
 
 Transferring and Saving Data on the PC
 Windows does not handle card readers as any specific devices but just as a normal
disk drive. This means that you don't need to install or configure any drivers or need
any special software for accessing them.
 
1. As soon as a newly inserted card has been detected, a new window pops up
offering several automatic features. You can choose one of these standard tasks or
copy your data manually. For copying data manually, close the window by clicking
Cancel.
 
2. Open Windows Explorer from the Start menu. In the left Explorer frame, under
the My PC icon next to the hard disk and the CD-ROM or DVD-ROM drive you'll
also find some entries labeled Removable Disk. These drives correspond to the
card reader slots.
 
3. You can access the inserted memory cards like any other CD-ROM or hard disk
drive. Mark the desired files and copy them to your local hard disk. The copying,
moving or deleting of files does not differ from applying these procedures on con-
ventional disk drives.

--- Page 20 ---
12
    Advanced Configuration and Handling
 Removing a Memory Card Safely
 The card reader's USB driver supports hot-swapping. This means that you can
insert or remove any memory cards while the computer is still running. However,
it is possible that a copying task hasn't been fully completed or that there are still
files in the cache. This can occasionally lead to loss of data or damage the media.
In order to remove your memory cards safely and without any risks form your com-
puter, proceed as follows:
 
1. Toggle to Windows Explorer. If it hasn't been opened yet, run it via the Start
menu.
 
2. Select the removable media drive you want to remove on the left window frame.
Click once with the right mouse button. A context menu will show up. Select the
Eject command.
 
3. Windows will now end any access to the drive and you may remove it without
any risk.
2.3  Modem, Internet and Network
 Connecting the Modem
 Prior to being able to use the internal modem you need to establish the cable con-
nections. Modems use conventional telephone lines for the Internet connection. All
you need is a standard telephone wall connector and the modem cable. The cable
is supplied with your computer and can be installed straight away.
 
1. Unpack the modem cable.
 
2. Connect one end of the Western plug cable to the corresponding port on the
back of your PC. This can be found on the lower part of the computer case. The
Western plug features a small lock that faces slightly away from the plug. This lock
needs to be aligned with the corresponding notch of the port. When the computer is
standing up, this lock must face down. The cable clicks into place. If you want to
remove the Western plug, carefully press the lock to unlock it. Then you can re-
move the cable.
 
3. The other end of the cable needs to be inserted into the wall telephone outlet. In
some countries you may need an adapter in order to connect the modem. In this
case, connect the modem cable to the supplied adapter first and then connect it to
the telephone wall outlet. Insert the modem cable carefully, applying slight pressure.
If the plug does not fit, you have probably tried the wrong port or your port is not
suitable for the plug.

--- Page 21 ---
Modem, Internet and Network    
13
 4. Once you have connected the cable to both the computer and the wall phone
outlet, you are finished installing the modem physically. Now you can configure the
modem on your computer. Your computer offers Internet access through the Win-
dows Dial-Up Networking to your ISP. The following sections explain how this works
in detail.
 Setting Up the Dial-Up Networking
 Before you can navigate the Internet in Windows, you must set up a new Dial-Up
connection. A Wizard will guide you step-by-step through this process. Please have
your ISP's access details ready at this point. The ISP number is quite long. Your
ISP gave you the access details when you signed up. Of course, you can also use
the Dial-Up Networking for a call-by-call access. Technically speaking, this makes
no difference. Once you have all the necessary information ready, you can start
configuring the Dial-Up Networking.
 
1. First start the New Connection Wizard. To do so, click Start/All Programs/
Accessories/Communications/New Connection Wizard.
 
 2. Windows prompts you for some information about your location. Select your
country under Country/Region. Underneath, you must type your area or city code.
This is important for Windows to know if the prefix has to be dialed or not when
establishing a connection.

--- Page 22 ---
14
    Advanced Configuration and Handling
 If your modem is connected to a PBX, type the prefix for accessing the outside line
into the corresponding field. Normally, this will be a zero (0). But this is not neces-
sary for private telephone lines without any PBX!
 Finally, specify the dialing system.
Most of the countries use Tone dial-
ing, that sends small beep tones
when dialing. Alternatively, you can
use pulse dialing where pulse tickers
can be heard. If you are not sure
about the dialing system for your
telephone line, please contact your
telephone provider prior to using the
modem. Click OK to finish this step.
Windows will finally prompt you if you
wish to establish a new connection
from this location. Click OK again to
confirm your selection.
 
3. The first window of the New Connection Wizard contains information that you
can skip by clicking Next. The next window prompts you for the connection type.
Select the first option Connect to the Internet and click Next to continue.

--- Page 23 ---
Modem, Internet and Network    
15
 4. Now you can setup the connection automatically either from a list or manually.
We recommend that you select the option Set up my connection manually. This is
faster and very easy.
 
5. Next, Windows prompts
you for the device you're using
to connect to the Internet.
Choose the first option Con-
nect using a dial-up modem.
This option is suitable for all
modems and ISDN cards. The
Wizard detects the internal
modem automatically. If you
have more modems installed,
another window will appear
asking you to choose the
modem you wish to use for
this connection. In this case,
select the desired device from the list. If you don't have any additional devices in-
stalled, this prompt will not appear.
 
6. Enter a name for the new connection. This has no technical relevance: the name
is only for your personal purposes to distinguish it from other connections you may
set up in the future. The name of your provider could be a good choice.

--- Page 24 ---
16
    Advanced Configuration and Handling
 Now enter the phone number of your provider and the city or area code. Your pro-
vider should have given them to you when you subscribed. Call-by-call providers
usually publish their access numbers in magazines, or you could contact the pro-
vider's hotline to find them out. The following data is for sample purposes only and
does not work for real Internet connections.
 
7. Finally enter your user-specific details for this connection. Enter your User
name and the associated Password into the corresponding fields. You need to
enter your password twice for verification purposes.
 Underneath you can also specify whether other users of this computer are allowed
to use the same connection. If another family member logs on at a later time, she or
he can use your Internet account to establish an Internet connection. Windows also
prompts you if you want this to be the default Internet connection. If you check this
box, Windows will use this connection automatically for all future attempts to re-
trieve e-mails or navigate the Internet.
 Finally you can enable the
Windows-internal firewall.
We highly recommend you to
do so. A firewall is a filter that
blocks attacks from external
users to your computer. You
should not lack this protec-
tion.
 
 
8. Now your Internet access is almost configured. The last window shows an over-
view of all settings. If you want, you can create a shortcut on your desktop for this
connection. This lets you avoid navigating through the different Windows menus to
access the Internet – you can open your Internet connection by double-clicking the
shortcut icon. You have successfully configured your Internet connection. If you
have created a shortcut on your desktop during the last step, this is the fastest way
to open the Internet connection.

--- Page 25 ---
Modem, Internet and Network    
17
 Right-click on the icon to open a context
menu. This lets you edit the configuration
or establish the connection. Or double-
click on the icon to access the Internet
directly.
 
 Configuring the Network
 The easiest way to configure a network connection in Windows is by using the
corresponding Wizard. This procedure is fast, but you cannot edit the pre-assigned
addresses and information. However, this does not represent any problem when
you are going to interconnect two or three computers only.
 
 Interconnecting Two Computers Directly
 When setting up a large network with many computers, a large amount of hard-
ware is normally required. But if you just intent to interconnect two computers,
you only need a so-called crossover cable. Simply connect this cable into the
network port on both computers. Due to its special signal transmission, the
cable interconnects the two computers without the need of a hub. However, this
is only possible with this special type of cable. Normal network cables are not
suitable for this purposes due to their different pin assignments.
 The configuration will be the same for both cases. It doesn't matter whether you
are setting up a "real" network or using a crossover cable. This cable makes
both computers "see" a real network.
 
 Your computer already features a network adapter. In order to setup a network, all
other computers will also need a network adapter. You may also need to connect all
computers to a hub. The hub is a type of distribution box that makes it possible for
the computers to find and communicate with each other.
 
1. To start, you need to launch the Wizard. To do so, click Start/Control Panel.
Here you'll find the Network Connections icon. Select it by clicking on it. On the
left window frame, click on the option Setup a home or small office network.

--- Page 26 ---
18
    Advanced Configuration and Handling
 
 2. The Network Setup
Wizard opens. In the first
window, click Next to pro-
ceed. The second window
tells you some basic infor-
mation and can be skipped.
The next window prompts
you for the type of computer.
The first two options refer to
the Internet access only. If
you wish to share the Inter-
net access over the network,
or if this computer should
use a different PC's Internet
access, you will need these
options.
 However, we will not consider the Internet access installation at this point. You
should only share the Internet access after your network has been successfully set
up. Therefore, select the last option labeled Other.
 
3. The next window prompts you for more information about the Internet access.
Select This computer belongs to a network that does not have an Internet
connection. Click the Next button.

--- Page 27 ---
Modem, Internet and Network    
19
 4. Next you must enter a
name for your computer into
the Computer name field.
You can input any name.
However, this name is re-
stricted to a maximum of
15 characters. It should also
not contain any spaces or
special characters. In the
field Computer description
you can input some note
texts about this computer.
This lets you better distin-
guish the different work-
stations.
 
5. The next window prompts
you for the name of a work-
group. Windows enables
you to group several com-
puters into a so-called work-
group. In a large company,
these may represent the
different departments. It is
essential for all computers to
belong to a workgroup.
Otherwise they will not be
able to find each other, and
you must configure an extra
share. It is best not to do
this.
 The current Windows versions use MSHOME as default workgroup name. If you
have some other computers with Windows 98 or ME, you must pay attention at this
point. Here, the default workgroup name is WORKGROUP. Therefore you must use
the same name for all computers.
 
6. The next window will list an overview of all the information you have entered. If
all information is correct, click Next to proceed. Windows will now configure your
local area network. This may take several minutes.

--- Page 28 ---
20
    Advanced Configuration and Handling
 7. The Wizard will also offer you the opportunity to create a setup disk for other
computers.
 If these computers also run an up-to-date Windows, you do not need to do this. You
can then perform the same steps as described above. This feature is only helpful if
the other computers run Windows 98 or ME.
 If you want to do this, insert a blank floppy disk into the floppy disk drive and let the
Wizard copy the required files. You will then need to insert the floppy disk into the
other computers, open drive A: in Explorer and double-click on the program
Setup.exe. The Wizard will be launched and the procedure that follows is identical.
 WLAN – Setting Up a Wireless Network
 Nowadays, you cannot interconnect only PCs but also any kind of device such as
mobile phones, notebooks, handheld PCs etc. In the past, only wired networks with
hubs have been used, but wireless development is moving fast. One of the most
interesting technologies is WLAN. It means "Wireless Network" and designates the
connection of different computers and devices without the need of any wires (cables).
The transmission is done by radio frequency. This technology offers completely new
possibilities, as you can access the data stored on your PC whilst sitting in the gar-
den working on your notebook – without any cabling.
 
 Notice About Model-Specific Configuration ...
 Some models do not feature the described Wireless LAN Adapter by default.
However, this feature can be optionally installed.

--- Page 29 ---
Modem, Internet and Network    
21
 There exist WLAN adapters for many devices. The advantage is that the IEEE
802.11 standard has been widely established for home applications. This means
that basically any WLAN device can communicate with any other supporting this
standard. The devices communicate via simple RF signals so that the communica-
tion is practically independent of the manufacturer and the software being used.
 Many Targa computers already feature an internal IEEE 80.211 standard WLAN
adapter by default and are therefore suitable for wireless communication. Please
see the datasheet showing its technical specifications to see if your particular model
already supports this feature. In order to be able to use a WLAN, you will also need
another computer answering to your RF signals. But this should not represent any
real problem. If you have another PC or a notebook, you can install a WLAN
adapter and set up a wireless connection with just a few clicks.
 If you only need to interconnect two computers, this procedure is very fast and easy
via a so-called Ad-Hoc connection. You can set up this kind of data connection in a
few minutes. Theoretically you can also connect more than two computers using the
Ad-Hoc mode. However, this mode is not intended for this type of application and it
will handle larger volumes of data and complex network architectures with difficulty.
When connecting several WLAN computers in a network, a so-called Access Point
or WLAN router is recommended. These devices represent a common node or
distribution box in the network and manage its traffic. Therefore, an Access Point or
WLAN router works in the same manner as a hub or router in a cable network. All
WLAN adapters are usually compatible with these devices. Therefore, you can
integrate your computer into an existing wireless network with Access Point and/or
WLAN router without any problem.
 If you have another computer with a WLAN adapter installed, you are ready for the
network configuration. You must give the corresponding access and network infor-
mation to your computer, similar to the procedure necessary for a cable network.
This is not difficult and you will be able to perform it in just a few steps.
1. Open the Control Panel window and select the Network Connections icon.
A new window with all the connections of this computer will open. If you have been
using a cable network in the past, the corresponding configuration will appear here.
In addition, a network icon with an antenna will appear. This is for the wireless net-
work. Right-click on this icon. Select Properties from the context menu that opens.

--- Page 30 ---
22
    Advanced Configuration and Handling
 2. If you have already configured your computers for using a cable network you
only need to do a few things to enable your wireless network. If you are not ex-
panding your cable network but setting up a WLAN from scratch, you must first
configure the TCP/IP protocol. WLAN does not represent a new network architec-
ture but simply a replacement for your cables. The IP address, computer name etc.
are also required.
3. If you first have to configure the
TCP/IP protocol, open the General
tab. Here you'll see the entry Internet
Protocol. Click the Properties button
to open the configuration screen. For
a direct network connection enable
the option Obtain an IP address
automatically. If you want to use an
Access Point or Wireless LAN router
for your network, you can also choose
this option whenever this device sup-
ports the DHCP Server feature. Be-
hind this is an automatic configuration
of all devices that are connected to
the Access Point or router. Click OK
to return to the previous window.

--- Page 31 ---
Modem, Internet and Network    
23
4. Once you have successfully finished the TCP/IP configuration or if this already
existed from your cable network, you can concentrate on the WLAN settings. Click
the Wireless Networks tab. For a simple wireless connection it is easier to have
Windows do all the work for you. To do this, enable the option Use Windows to
configure ... Unfortunately, there is still one action you need to perform. Therefore,
click the Add button.
5. A window showing the network configuration opens. It is essential to assign a
name to your network first. To do so, type a name into the SSID field. This name
will appear on all the computers. It is important that all computers in your network
use the same SSID. This will identify your network.
For safety reasons, you can encrypt the data transferred over the wireless network.
For the first test you can disable this feature. Once everything is working fine you
can enable the encryption. Select the option Open under Network Authentication
and the option Disabled under Data Encryption.
At the bottom you need to enable the Ad-Hoc mode option. This tells Windows not
to search for an Access Point, router or a similar device. The WLAN adapters will
then interconnect with each other.
 
 
6.
 Once you're back in the main window you'll find your new network in the list.
Click OK to close the window. You have successfully finished the configuration.
Now you have to repeat the same steps for all the other computers in your WLAN.

--- Page 32 ---
24
    Advanced Configuration and Handling
After all the computers have been configured, Windows will detect the wireless
network. The example shows the network name (SSID) in the list. Because the
encryption had been disabled for the first test, Windows will advise you about some
possible security issues. Accept this message for the moment and click Connect.
 If you open Windows Explorer now, you'll find the other computers in My Network
Places. This procedure is identical to the one used in a cable network.
 WEP – Security and Wireless Networks
 In their default configuration, wireless networks are almost public. Any data is
transmitted through space, and everybody can listen to them or access your com-
puter. For the first functional tests the security features are not needed. But once
the network has been successfully set up and tested, it is highly recommended that
you use encryption. The simple and efficient encryption technology used for home
networks is called WEP (Wired Equivalent Privacy). When using WEP you create a
secret key that encrypts all data. This will enhance the security of your wireless
network.
 
1. In order to be able to use the WEP encryption you need a key. All data trans-
ferred over the network will be coded by using that formula. On the Internet you'll
find key generators for free downloading. They convert a password (e.g. "abcdefghij")
into a key (e.g. 0F9Bn7I9KKM). But you can easily create such a key yourself. It
consists of a combination of digits and characters without any spaces whereby
special characters are also allowed.
 However, please keep in mind that there are different levels of keys. Windows usu-
ally uses a 104-bit encryption. This means that your key becomes 13 characters
long. A modern 128-bit encryption uses 26 characters. The encryption must be the
same on all computers. If a particular computer only support 64-bit (10 characters)
you have to use this key length for all the other computers too.
 
2. If you have created a key on your own or have used a key generator for it, click
Start/Control Panel to open the Control Panel. Select the icon Network Connec-
tions. Choose your WLAN connection, right-click on it and select the Properties
command.

--- Page 33 ---
Modem, Internet and Network    
25
 The network properties window will
appear. Click the Wireless Networks
tab. Choose your network from the list
and select the Properties button.
 
 
3. Enable the encryption by checking
the Data Encryption/WEP option. We
also recommend that you enable Net-
work Authentication. The next step is
defining the network key.
 Disable the option The key is provided for me automatically. Next enter the key
into the field Network key. You have successfully completed the configuration.
Click OK to confirm your settings and to enable the encryption for the wireless
connection.

--- Page 34 ---
26
    Advanced Configuration and Handling
 Repeat the above procedure for all computers in your wireless network. It is essen-
tial that you use exactly the same key on all computers. A minimum difference will
lead to different encoding so the computers will not understand each other! If you
receive an error message about the length of the key, one of your computers does
not support the length of your key. In this case you need to choose a shorter key,
e.g. 104-bit (13 characters) instead of 128-bit (26 characters).
 WLAN Connections – Only Enable Them When Needed
 You should only enable the WLAN when you need to use it. If you already have a
cable network you will rarely need your WLAN. In this case we recommend that you
disable the WLAN. If you only have one computer, you should definitely disable it.
 However, if you need a wireless connection at a specific time, you can enable it
again with just a few clicks.
 
1. Click Start/Control Panel. In the Control Panel window, open the Network
Connections icon.
 
2. A new window showing the current network connections will pop up. Choose
your WLAN connection and right-click on it. A context menu will show up. Select the
command Disable.

--- Page 35 ---
Connecting USB and FireWire Devices    
27
 Your wireless adapter will still be present but it
will not send or receive any data now. If you
wish to use the WLAN at a later time, you sim-
ply need to repeat the above steps and choose
Enable from the menu.
2.4 Connecting USB and FireWire Devices
 
 Notice on Hardware Ports
 The ports and connectors on your particular Targa Computer model may differ
in both functionality and design!
 
 USB Devices
 The USB port has become a standard for computers and peripheral devices. In
order to offer the maximum data transmission speed, your computer features a
modern USB 2.0 port. Any compatible devices will communicate much faster than
when using the older USB 1.0 or USB 1.1 standard.  However, USB 2.0 is fully
downwards compatible to USB 1.0 and USB 1.1 This means that you will still be
able to use your existing devices that only support USB 1.1. No special configura-
tion is necessary, as the interface automatically detects any connected devices and
auto-adjusts to the corresponding standard.
 The USB port supports both Plug & Play and Hot-swapping. Plug & Play means that
the computer will detect the devices automatically and install a universal driver.
Sometimes, for very specific devices like printers or scanners, it is recommended
that you use the driver provided by the manufacturer. This driver usually offers a
wider functionality as it has been especially developed for that particular device.
Hot-swapping means that you can connect new devices while the computer is run-
ning. Windows will detect and connect to the device immediately. But not all devices
support this feature. If the computer asks you to restart, you should do this.
 Below are listed some devices that you can connect to the USB port:
•  external disk drives
•  digital still cameras
•  digital video cameras
•  printers
•  scanners
•  modems (analogue/DSL)

--- Page 36 ---
28
    Advanced Configuration and Handling
•  ISDN (external cards, PBX-boards)
•  keyboards and mice
•  and much more
 FireWire Devices
 Depending on the model and its accessories your computer features a FireWire
port. Many devices also designate this port as "IEEE 1394". FireWire offers a very
fast data transmission and is especially suitable for applications that require a huge
volume of data like digital photo or digital video cameras, If you want to use Fire-
Wire you should pay attention to the ports offered by the peripheral devices when
buying them.
 In a similar manner to the USB, the FireWire port also supports Plug & Play and
Hot-swapping. Therefore you only need to plug the devices in. Windows will detect
them automatically and install the corresponding driver. However, some older Fire-
Wire devices do not take advantage of this feature. In this case, you must connect
the device and restart Windows. Afterwards, Windows will detect and configure the
device.
 Here are some examples of typical FireWire devices:
•  digital video cameras, e.g. DVCam, Digital8
•  high-end digital still cameras (photo cameras)
•  external drives, e.g. DLT for data backup
•  and some others

--- Page 37 ---
Troubleshooting    
29
3.  Troubleshooting, First Aid and FAQ
 This PC is a carefully tested, high-quality computer system offering the latest tech-
nology. However, problems and malfunction can never be totally avoided. In order
to help you to restore a fully-functional system we have collected some detailed
information about identifying and resolving the most common problems. If you have
any problem, proceed as follows:
•  Read the "Troubleshooting" section below.
•  Try to find the solution to your problem in the Chapter "FAQ" starting on
page 32.
 
 Note
 You'll find the latest FAQ on your desktop under Manufacturer Information
and also on the Internet. Go to www.service.targa.co.uk to search for the latest
FAQ and drivers.
 
•  Read the corresponding chapter in this manual.
•  Make use of the Windows System Recovery starting on page 33.
•  If the computer does not boot or there are errors during the boot up process,
use the Recovery Software found on the EasyInstall CD/DVD starting on page
37. This software will help you restore the Windows boot and system files, and
also reset your PC to the factory default configuration if necessary.
•  Call our hotline.
3.1  Troubleshooting
If your PC hangs while running or booting this can be due to a recently installed
software. This can be solved as follows:
•  Press and hold the [F8] key after turning the PC on and select the option Safe
Mode from the boot menu. Click Start/All Programs/Accessories/System
Tools/System Restore to restore it to an earlier time when it worked. If this
does not succeed, please also try all the other restore options.

--- Page 38 ---
30
    Troubleshooting, First Aid and FAQ
•  Uninstall the recently installed software via the Add or Remove Programs option
from the Control Panel (this also works in Safe Mode).
•  Start your computer with the Windows CD inserted into the drive and hold any
letter key (e.g. [H]) until the Windows Setup is launched. Wait until all files have
been loaded. In the Windows Welcome screen, press [Enter], confirm the End
User License Agreement by pressing [F8] and press [R] to repair an installation.
(You only need to reinstall the drivers from the supplied EasyInstall DVD once
Windows has been repaired.)
•  Contact the manufacturer of the third-party software.
 If you do not hear any sound, there are several possible reasons for hardware or
software malfunction. In order to locate them better, proceed as follows:
•  Check the speakers by connecting them to the back and front-side speaker out
jacks.
•  Check the speakers with a different audio output device or connect some differ-
ent speakers (or earphones) to your computer.
•  Make sure that the sound card driver has been installed and that you have sel-
ected the sound card as default audio device. To do so, open the Control Panel
and double-click on Sounds and Audio Devices, click the Audio tab and check
that Realtek Audio is selected as default recording and playback device.
•  For the standard playback device, click the Volume button and make sure that
there is no check mark on any Mute option. Drag all the volume rulers to a med-
ium volume level.
•  Reinstall the chipset driver containing the sound driver from the EasyInstall
DVD.
•  Contact our Hotline.
 If you cannot connect to the Internet via a modem, there are several possible rea-
sons. Follow these steps to locate the problem:
•  Uninstall the modem by opening the Device Manager found in Control Panel/
System/Hardware. Click the plus sign next to Modems and right-click on the
modem to choose the Uninstall command. The modem will be removed from
the list. Now you can reinstall it automatically by clicking on the Action/Scan for
hardware changes.
•  Also perform a diagnostics from the Device Manager. Double-click on the mo-
dem, open the Diagnostics tab and click the Query Modem button. The list that

--- Page 39 ---
Troubleshooting    
31
pops up should contain a first entry Succeeded for a modem that is working
properly.
•  Try a different modem cable.
•  Make sure that the modem cable has been properly inserted into the modem
port.
•  Try a different telephone wall socket (easy when using a notebook).
•  Try connecting to a different ISP to get Internet access.
•  Establish a test connection to a normal telephone number (e.g. your mobile
phone) by clicking Start/All Programs/Accessories/Communications/
HyperTerminal.
 No Picture Is Shown on a TV Connected To My PC
•  You need to restart your PC in order to detect the TV as an additional display
device.
 If you output the monitor picture via the TV out port to the television set and the TV
shows a blank screen, please proceed as follows:
•  Make sure that you have connected the TV set properly, that it is turned on and
that you have tuned the right channel before switching on your computer.
•  Enable the TV Out port via the software. This procedure is explained on page 7.
 If the picture shown on the TV set is black and white only, this may be due to the TV
set.
•  Make sure that your TV supports S-Video signals: please read the documenta-
tion of your TV or contact the manufacturer or dealer.
•  When using an S-Video cable, replace it with a conventional Composite cable
(Euro Cinch connector).
•  Use the correct S-Video-to-Composite adapter instead of the normal adapter
plug.
•  Test your computer together with a different TV set where you are sure that it
supports S-Video, e.g. in a shop.

--- Page 40 ---
32
    Troubleshooting, First Aid and FAQ
3.2  FAQ – Frequently Asked Questions
 Where Can I Find Spare Parts and Accessories?
 Targa offers a wide range of spare parts and accessories for your PC. You can find
a detailed list and further information on the Internet at:
  http://www.targa-online.com
 Information About Drivers, FAQs and Manual
 In order to have all components of your Targa computer optimally tuned, you should
regularly install the latest drivers. You can download them free from the Targa
Service site on the Internet.
 There you'll also find additional FAQs plus this manual as a PDF document for
opening in Adobe Acrobat Reader. Acrobat Reader offers a comfortable search
function that you can access via Edit/Search, so that you can easily find the de-
sired information and help texts.
 You'll find the Targa Service portal on the Internet at:
  http://www.service.targa.co.uk
 Will the Removal of the Seal Void the Guarantee?
 Answer: You may open the case, but you will lose the guarantee for claims of
missing components, i.e. after removing the seal you cannot claim for missing parts.
 Warning: When original components get damaged during the installation of third-
party devices, you will lose the guarantee on these components.
 Why does My Computer show a smaller hard disk size than the advertised
size, e.g. 298GB instead of the advertised 320GB?
Solution: The reason is the different units used for calculating this value. The hard
disk manufacturer defines the size of one Kilobyte as 1,000 bytes. But one Kilobyte
actually consists of 1,024 bytes. So, for example, the real size of a 320GB hard disk
is the following:
320,000,000,000 bytes are, according to the manufacturer's definition, 320 GB,
because they always divide by 1,000.
However, the real size is:
320,000,000,000 bytes / 1,024 = 312,500,000 Kilobytes
312,500,000 Kilobytes / 1,024 = 305,175.78125 MB
305,175.78125 MB / 1,024 = 298.023223876953 GB

--- Page 41 ---
If Everything Has Crashed – the System Restore    
33
 Rounding this figure off gives a size of 298 GB. Windows would show this figure as
the size of the complete media (e.g. in Explorer).
 How Can I Enable/Disable the Autorun of CD-ROMs in Windows?
 Answer: Click Start/Run and enter "regedit". Search for the key HKEY_LOCAL_
MACHINE\System\CurrentControlSet \Services\Cdrom and then the entry
Autorun. Double-click on the entry to edit the value:
  1 = enabled 0 = disabled
 After changing this value you must restart your computer.
 General Information About BIOS and Firmware Updates
•  Please use only official BIOS and firmware versions you find on our Service web
site (www.service.targa.co.uk).
•  Never use any third-party BIOS or firmware versions. This can void your guaran-
tee.
•  Make sure that the update is suitable for your model and only use approved
BIOS and firmware updates.
•  Please always read the file readme.txt.
 How Can I Update my BIOS?
 Answer: Search the correct service page at http://www.service.targa.co.uk by en-
tering your serial number or search the exact model of your Targa PC. Open the
Downloads tab and download the ZIP file containing the latest BIOS version.
Extract the ZIP file and follow the instructions of the supplied Readme.txt file.
3.3 If Everything Has Crashed –
the System Restore
 Computers are very dynamic devices. Unfortunately, unexpected situations can
happen easily or the system does not like a particular setting. Consequently Win-
dows suddenly becomes unstable or fails to run completely. For such instances,
Windows includes a tool called System Restore.
 This program is a kind of backup tool for the Windows system files. It makes copies
of all necessary configuration and setting files at an error-free time. If your computer
system gives problems later on, you can restore the previously saved status with
just a few clicks.

--- Page 42 ---
34
    Troubleshooting, First Aid and FAQ
 In order to restore a trouble-free operation of your computer you should use the
System Restore function. Please note that this tool only backs up the most impor-
tant Windows settings. Windows itself and any of your private data are not part of
this automatic backup process, so you need to back them up manually.
 Creating System Checkpoints
 The System Restore feature works automatically and creates system checkpoints
from time to time. But you can also define manual checkpoints. If something fails
you can restore the last backed up status with ease.
 
1. Click Start/All Programs/Accessories/System Tools/System Restore to open
the System Restore main window. Next, select the option Create a restore point.
Click Next to proceed.
 
 
2.
 Now you have to name the new checkpoint. Choose a description that helps you
identify the restore in case of emergency, e.g. Full Installation or Before installing
the program XYZ. Click Next to proceed to the next step.
 
3. At this point, the program will save the most important system files. This proce-
dure may take a while – depending on the volume of data and the computer's
processing speed. Finally, the backup will be confirmed in a window. You have
successfully finish the backup. Click Close to exit the program, click Start to go
back to the System Restore welcome window.

--- Page 43 ---
If Everything Has Crashed – the System Restore    
35
 Restoring Your System By Using Checkpoints
 If you experience problems with Windows, you can restore an earlier stage and
therefore the normal operation of your computer based on checkpoints. If you are
still able to boot Windows, launch the program as usual from the Start menu. In
some particular cases the restore procedure can also be performed in Safe Mode,
e.g. if Windows cannot be booted without any major problems.
 Restoring The System in Normal Operation Conditions
 When having trouble launching applications with error messages and other prob-
lems, in most of the cases Windows will still perform normally. You can then launch
the System Restore under normal operating circumstances.
 
1. Run the System Restore by clicking Start/All Programs/Accessories/System
Tools/System Restore. Select the option Restore my computer to an earlier
time. Click Next to proceed to the next window.

--- Page 44 ---
36
    Troubleshooting, First Aid and FAQ
 2. This window will display a calendar. Any days where you have created a check-
point will appear in bold letters. The right box contains the different restore points
with their descriptions. The automated daily restore points are always named
System Checkpoint. Select the desired backup and click Next to proceed to the
next window.
 
3. A window with a warning message alerts you that you should close any open
programs before executing the restore process. Please follow this advice. The next
window will show you again the information for the restore point you have selected.
 
 If you are not sure about your choice, click Back to go back to the calendar, where
you can select a different point. If you want to cancel the restore process com-
pletely, click Cancel. Clicking Next executes the repair procedure.
 
4. After you have launched the restore process, Windows will be busy for a
moment and then it will restart and adjust the current configuration. Finally the
system restore will be confirmed and you can click OK to accept.

--- Page 45 ---
Restoring the System by Using the System Recovery Software    
37
 Restoring The System in Safe Mode
 If Windows has a bigger problem that makes it unable to boot normally, you should
try to load it in Safe Mode. This is a kind of emergency mode that loads a minimum
but (almost always) stable Windows configuration.
 
1. First of all you need to restart your computer manually. Once the usual POST
messages have been displayed, your computer will load Windows. Now quickly
press and hold the [F8] key.
 
2. This will display a boot menu. Use the cursors keys to select Safe Mode and
press [Enter]. However, this process must be performed quickly. The menu includes
a visible countdown timer that launches the normal mode after a certain time.
 
3. Windows will boot in safe mode. As your computer will only load the most
necessary drivers and components, the screen display will be very large and with
unusual colors. This is normal.
 
4. Launch the System Restore from the Start menu and run the repair procedure.
The program will work identically as described above. However, it will only let you
restore the system or undo a previously performed restore process. It will not allow
you to create new checkpoints. Next you can restart Windows normally or perform
further adjustments or corrections.
3.4 Restoring the System by Using the System
Recovery Software
 The EasyInstall CD/DVD supplied with your Targa PC contains a completely new
Recovery software that lets you restore your PC gradually into a normal operating
status. It offers four options:
•  Restore Boot Files Only
•  Restore System Files
•  Restore All Files (Leaves User Files Unchanged)
•  Complete Restore (All Files will be Deleted)
 If your PC does not boot or only boots giving trouble, insert the EasyInstall DVD-
ROM into your CD/DVD drive and restart your computer.

--- Page 46 ---
38
    Troubleshooting, First Aid and FAQ
 1. A message warning of a possible loss of data will appear. Click the button
Run program.
 
 2. In the next step you can choose between the four options mentioned above.

--- Page 47 ---
Restoring the System by Using the System Recovery Software    
39
 3. If you have trouble starting Windows, first try the option Restore Boot Files
Only.
 
4. If you have problems with Windows system files that cannot be solved after
executing the Windows System Restore (as described on page 33), try the second
option Restore System Files.
 
5. If the computer still does not start after applying these procedures, try the third
option Restore All Files (Leaves User Files Unchanged). Any user files will be
kept as long as they have been saved into the pre-defined user folders.
 
6. Only if this option also fails should you select the last item Complete Restore
(All Files will be Deleted). Please note that this procedure will completely erase
any data from your PC. Use this option to restore the factory-default software con-
figuration.
 
 Important!
 Please remember that launching this process will restore the factory default
configuration of your computer. This will erase any data from your hard disk
(under Windows labeled drive C:). If you don't want this to happen, exit the
Recovery software and backup your personal data first (e.g. on a CD or DVD).
Once all your data has been backed up, invoke this step again.
 
 7. Launch the recovery process by clicking the Start button.

--- Page 48 ---
40
    Troubleshooting, First Aid and FAQ
 8. Click the OK button to confirm the warning
message in the next window.
 9. The system recovery process
starts. This process may take a
while. You can monitor the com-
pletion status of the recovery in
the progress bar.
 
 
 Important!
 You must never turn off your computer while the recovery process is running.
You must not interrupt the recovery process!
 
 10. After the recovery has
finished click Restart Computer
to restart your computer.

--- Page 49 ---
Activation, Registration and Serial Number    
41
Activation, Registration and Serial
Number
 General
 All supplied programs have been pre-installed on your computer and are ready for
use. However, if you need to reinstall a particular program, you usually use a Setup
Wizard. Together with your personal details (optional) you must enter a key, serial
number, license code or activation code. This key belongs to your computer pack-
age contents and can be found at different places, for instance:
•  on the back or top of your computer
•  printed on the CD/DVD
•  on the front/back of the CD/DVD cover
A software normally consists of an installation media (CD/DVD/floppy disk), the
License Agreement (contained in the manual or on the installation media) and the
installation key. Please keep all documents, papers, proof or receipts that came
with the PC. They may contain important information that you may need at a later
time.
 License Agreement
A Software License Agreement tells you how you are authorized to used the soft-
ware. This will already cover some important differences between the client/user
and the manufacturer. While the client/user normally thinks that they have pur-
chased the software (have acquired its property), the manufacturer only says that
the client has the right to "use" the software under certain circumstances. Normally,
the software may only be used together with the computer system you have pur-
chased. Its commercial use may also be restricted. Furthermore, the software may
not be used to control machines or to develop or manufacture any weapons.
Another aspect is the limited liability of the manufacturer.
If you do not fully agree to all the terms contained in the License Agreement, you
are not allowed to use the software. Sometimes, some terms in the License Agree-
ment may not be fully legal. In this case, the particular terms may be made void so
they do not compromise you any more.
The License Agreement may reserve the right to return the software whenever you
do not agree with the terms. Please note that this refers to a return of goods to the
manufacturer and not a refund from the dealer. You must contact the software
manufacturer to inform them about your desire to return the software. Because your
computer system is a package-priced product, a pricing refunds policy for individual

--- Page 50 ---
42
    Activation, Registration and Serial Number
and software components is excluded from this offer. Any price comparisons cannot
be made and are therefore not refundable.
 Keys, Codes, and Serial Numbers
Your system is uniquely identified by keys, codes or serial numbers. This refers to
the different components that were supplied with your computer and that are stored
together with all the other computer system information by the manufacturer.
In the case of software components, they are part of a security feature for avoiding
illegal and uncontrolled copying and publication of their software. Therefore, there
are different labels and seals that will verify the authenticity of your product and that
allow the purchaser of these codes to use the genuine software.
 Registration and Product Activation
By registering your software product you demonstrate that you have a license and
that you have accepted the License Agreement. Therefore, no other person can use
your license at the same time. Registering a product is not mandatory, but most of
the manufacturers offer the possibility to their clients to register with their names
and addresses. Your personal details are normally used to keep you up-to-date
about the latest product and program versions.
On the other hand there is the product activation. The product activation has been
introduced by Microsoft and activates the previously restricted features of the prod-
uct to full and unlimited use. It is therefore an important step beyond registration.
The product activation is a protective mechanism to reduce software piracy. This
also protects the consumer from using illegal software products. Persons using or
distributing illegal software do not only harm themselves but also the global
economy.

--- Page 51 ---
Safety    
43
Safety
 EMC and Safety Regulations
This device is compliant to the standards EN 55022, EN 55024, EN 61000-3-2,
EN 61000-3-3 and EN 60950. The included RF appliances, e.g. WLAN, comply with
the R&TTE Directive (1999/5/EG, ETSI EN 300 328, EN 301489-1, EN 301489-17).
The supplied TV receiver conforms to the standards EN 55013 and EN 55020.
Any changes to the equipment other than those recommended by the manufacturer
may result in these directives not being met any longer. In order to ensure the
Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC) of this equipment, follow the instructions of
this User's Guide.
 Note to the User
This equipment has been tested and found to be within the limits for interference
suppression. When using external signal cables, please note the following: When
replacing any of the signal cables provided by the manufacturer, the user must
ensure that the EMC guidelines are followed. The shielding characteristics of all
replaced cables must be at least equivalent to the original cables. You may only
use shielded cables and only connect devices equivalent to the safety and EMC
standards of this product.
If you do not follow the above-mentioned points, these directives are no longer met.
•  Warning: this device belongs to Safety Class 1 and may only be connected to a
wall outlet with protective grounding.
•  The PC should be positioned in such a way that ensures direct and unob-
structed access to the wall outlet so that the power plug can be immediately
pulled out in an emergency situation. To avoid the danger of fire if the device is
not going to be used for a long while (e.g. during holidays), it should always be
disconnected from the power socket. Before stormy weather when there is the
danger of lightning, disconnect the device from the power supply.
Intended Use
In its default configuration, this product has not been designed for medical, life-
saving, rescue or life-maintaining purposes. It may be used for home, office and
small business applications (according to EN 61000-6-1 / EN 61000-6-3). This
includes games, communication, office applications and others.

--- Page 52 ---
44
    Safety
Furthermore, the device may not be used outdoors or in tropical climates. Only
connection cables and external devices may be used that comply with safety stan-
dards and the electromagnetic compatibility and shielding quality of this device. This
device fulfills all that relates to CE Conformity, relevant norms and standards. Any
changes to the equipment other than the recommended changes by the manufac-
turer may lead to the result that these directives are not met any more. Only use
accessories recommended by the manufacturer.
Targa accepts no liability for damages caused by the non-intended use of the PC.
Operating Environment
Position the device on a stable, even surface and do not place any (heavy) objects
on the device.
The device is not for use in rooms with a high temperature or humidity (e.g. bath-
rooms), and must be kept free of dust.
Operating temperature and humidity: 10 °C to 35 °C, max. 85 % RH.
Always make sure that:
•  there is free circulation of air (do not place the device on shelves, on a thick
carpet, on a bed, or anywhere that obstructs the ventilation slots, and leave at
least 10cm clearance on all sides.
•  no direct heat sources (e.g. heating) affect the device.
•  no direct sunlight or bright artificial light reaches the device.
•  contact with spray and dripping water and abrasive liquids must be avoided and
the device should never be operated near water, and it must especially never be
immersed (do no place any objects filled with liquids such as vases or drinks
near the device).
•  never place the device in the immediate vicinity of magnetic fields (e.g. loud-
speakers).
•  do not place any fire sources (e.g. burning candles) on or near the device.
•  do not introduce any foreign bodies into the device.
•  the device must not be subject to any great temperature changes as this may
cause moisture through condensation.
•  the device should not be subject to excessive knocks and vibrations.
•  only grounded wall outlets must be used.

--- Page 53 ---
Safety    
45
Batteries and Rechargeable Batteries
Only use rechargeable batteries and batteries of an identical type or a manufac-
turer-recommended type. Insert the batteries and rechargeable batteries with the
correct polarity into the battery / rechargeable battery compartment. Never use
different types of batteries or rechargeable batteries, for example, old and new,
alkaline and carbon, or batteries and rechargeable batteries together,
Never try to recharge ordinary batteries – this is only possible for rechargeable
batteries!
Rechargeable batteries and batteries should not be disassembled and under no
circumstances brought into contact with fire. When handled incorrectly there is
danger of explosion. Keep batteries and rechargeable batteries away from children.
Remove batteries when the device is not used for a long time. Non-intended use
may cause explosion and danger to life.
Respect the environment! Old batteries and rechargeable batteries do not belong
in with the domestic waste! They must be handed in to a collection point for old
batteries and rechargeable batteries.
 Laser (Safety Warning)
This device contains a laser system and is rated as a "Class 1 Laser Product".
Please refer to the Operating Instructions, and read them carefully for instructions
on correct operation. Keep them as reference for future use. If you encounter prob-
lems with your PC, please contact qualified service or maintenance personnel. In
order to avoid direct contact with the laser beam, you must not open the case of
optical drives such as the DVD-ROM or DVD burner.
 CAUTION! Laser radiation when cover is removed!
This equipment may contain devices belonging to Laser Class 1 up to Laser Class
3B. When the cover is closed, the equipment meets the Laser Class 1 require-
ments. When opening the equipment, laser devices up to Class 3B may be ex-
posed. This kind of laser radiation is contained in the optical drives. When removing
or opening these drives you must follow these guidelines:
•  Never look into the laser beam, not even when using optical devices and tools.
•  Avoid direct or indirect (reflection/refraction) radiation to your eyes or skin.
 The installed optical drives do not contain any parts that can be serviced by the
user. Optical drives must be maintained and repaired exclusively by the manufac-
turer.

--- Page 54 ---
46
    Safety
Important Safety Instructions
•  Electrical appliances do not belong in the hands of children!
•  Do not allow children to play with electrical devices when not under supervision.
Children may not be able to comprehend the presence of potential risks.
•  Batteries, rechargeable batteries and small parts represent potential choking
hazards. Keep batteries out of reach of children. If a battery is swallowed, seek
medical help immediately.
•  Keep the packaging away from children to avoid the danger of suffocation
•  When connecting this device to an antenna installation, it must be grounded by
a technical expert to guarantee adequate protection against electrical surges
and electrostatic discharge.
•  Do not open your PC! Hardware modifications and repairs must be performed
by authorized technicians or service personnel.
•  Inside your PC there is a Lithium battery. The replacement of this battery must
be performed by authorized service personnel.
•  Always hold all cables by the plug and never pull on the cable itself. Never hold
the power cord with wet hands as this may cause a short circuit or electric shock.
Never place the device, heavy objects or furniture on the cable and take care
that the cord does not become trapped, especially at the plug and sockets.
Never make knots in the cable and do not tie it together with other cords. All
cables should be positioned so that nobody can trip over them or be obstructed
by them. A damaged power cord can cause a fire or electric shock. Inspect the
power cord from time to time. Never use adapter plugs or extension cables that
don't comply with the current safety regulations in your country, and don't modify
any of the power cords or electrical installations yourself!
•  Servicing is required when this device has been damaged in any way, for exam-
ple, when the power plug, power cord or housing is damaged, when liquid or
objects have entered the device, when the product has been exposed to rain or
moisture, when the product does not work normally or if the product has been
dropped. If you notice any smoke, unusual noise or strange smells, switch off
the device immediately and pull the plug from the wall outlet. In this case the
device should not be used further and should be inspected by authorized
service personnel. Contact qualified personnel when servicing is needed.
Never open the casing of the device, the power adapter or the accessories.
If the casing is opened, your life is in danger due to electric shock.
•  Only use a clean, dry cloth for cleaning.
•  When connecting peripheral devices, make sure the cables are not too short
and that they don't force the connectors mechanically.

--- Page 55 ---
Safety    
47
 The computer will store all your data on a media with a magnetic surface. For this
reason, keep your PC away from sources that generate magnetic and electromag-
netic fields.
Additional Safety Instructions for Devices with
Wireless LAN
Your PC features a Wireless LAN appliance. Therefore you must read and follow
these safety instructions when working with your PC:
•  When you are in a hospital, a surgery area or near an electronic medical device,
turn off the wireless adapter of your PC! The RF signals may interfere with the
functionality of the medical equipment.
•  Place the PC at least 20 cm (8 inch) away from pacemakers, as the RF signals
may interfere with the functionality of the pacemaker.
•  The transmitted RF signals can cause interference to hearing aids.
•  Do not place the PC with the wireless adapter turned on near flammable gas or
in an explosion-sensitive area, as the transmitted RF signals can cause explo-
sions or fire.
•  The range of the RF signals depend on the environmental conditions.
•  When transmitting wireless data it is possible that unauthorized parties may
receive data.
TARGA GmbH is not liable for any interference caused to RF or TV signals caused
by unauthorized modification to this device. Furthermore, TARGA does not assume
any liability for replacing any cables or devices that have not been specifically ap-
proved by TARGA GmbH. The user is solely responsible and liable for trouble-
shooting any interference caused by unauthorized modification of this device and
for replacing any appliances.
CE Marking for Devices with Wireless LAN
This device complies with the Directive 1999/5/EG of the European Parliament and
Council dated March 9, 1999 for radio and telecommunications equipment and has
been proven to meet mutual immunity and conformity.
Safety
This PC may be used in Belgium, Denmark, Germany, Finland, France, Greece,
Great Britain, Ireland, Italy, Luxemburg, Netherlands, Austria, Portugal, Sweden,
Switzerland, Spain, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway.

--- Page 56 ---
48
    Safety
For information about possible operating restrictions, please contact the corre-
sponding authority of the respective country. If your country is not listed here,
please contact the corresponding Regulation Authority in order to find out whether
you may use this product in your country.
Belgium – www.bipt.be Netherlands – www.opta.nl
Denmark – www.tst.dk Austria – www.rtr.at
Germany – www.regtp.de Portugal – www.urt.gov.pt
Finland – www.fi cora.fi Sweden – www.pts.se
France – www.art-telecom.fr Switzerland – www.bakom.ch
Greece – www.eett.gr Spain – www.cmt.es
England – www.oftel.gov.uk Iceland – www.pta.is
Ireland – www.comreg.ie Liechtenstein – www.ak.li
Italy – www.agcom.it Norway – www.npt.no
Luxembourg – www.etat.lu/ILT
Restrictions
France
Restricted Frequency Band Only channels 10 to 11 (2,457 MHz and 2,462 MHz)
may be used in France. Outdoor use of the device is not allowed.
Info: www.art-telecom.fr
Italy
A ministerial license is also required for indoor use. Contact your reseller for the
required procedure.
Outdoor use of the device is not allowed.
Info: www.agcom.it
Netherlands
A license is required for outdoor use. Contact your reseller for the required procedure.
Info: www.opta.nl
RF Frequencies for Wireless LAN Devices
For up-to-date information, please contact the corresponding authority of your
country (e.g. www.oftel.gov.uk).

--- Page 57 ---
Safety    
49
Frequencies
According to the IEEE Standard 802.11b+g Wireless LAN adapters are designed for
use on the ISM frequency band (Industrial, Scientific, Medical) between 2.4 and
2.4835 GHz. As each of the 11 available channels requires a DSSS (Direct Se-
quence Spread Spectrum) bandwidth of 22 MHz, a maximum of three independent
channels are available (for instance, channels 3, 8, and 11). In the following table
you’ll find the channels that may be used in each country:
Channel MHz Europe, R&TTE France, R&TTE
1 2412 X
2 2417 X
3 2422 X
4 2427 X
5 2432 X
6 2437 X
7 2442 X
8 2447 X
9 2452 X
10 2457 X X
11 2462 X X
Regulations – Exclusion of Liability
Exclusion of Liability for Wireless LAN Devices
Installing and operating wireless LAN devices must be in accordance with the in-
structions contained in the user documentation. This user documentation is con-
tained in the product package. Any modifications to the device that have not ex-
plicitly been approved by the manufacturer may void the operating authorization of
the device. The manufacturer will not be liable for any interference in the reception
of radio and TV signals resulting from unauthorized modifications on the device or
from replacing or installing cables and accessories that have not been explicitly
recommended by the manufacturer. It is the full responsibility of the user to trouble-
shoot any existing interference resulting from unauthorized modifications, or from
replacing or installing components. Neither the manufacturer nor its authorized
resellers or distributors are liable for any damage or violation of existing laws
resulting from violating these Regulations.

--- Page 58 ---
50
    Safety
Disposal of Old Devices
1. If the product is labeled with a crossed-out waste bin, it is subject to
the European Guideline 2002/96/EC.
2. All electric and electronic devices must be disposed of separately
from household waste at established bodies.
3. Avoid damaging the environment and danger to your personal
health by disposing of the device properly.
4. For further information about proper disposal, contact your local government,
disposal bodies or the shop where you bought the device.
Conformity
The CE Declaration of Conformity can be found at www.service.
targa.de and www.service.targa.co.uk.

--- Page 59 ---
Glossary    
51
Glossary
AGP (Accelerated Graphics Port)
The most common bus slot for graphics
adapters. Available in 4 speed levels:
1x = 264 MB/s, 2x = 528 MB/s, 4x = 1 056
MB/s, 8x = 2 112 MB/s
BIOS (Basic Input/Output System)
The Basic Input/Output System is the ele-
mentary program of every computer that has
been stored in a chip on the mainboard. It
lets you adjust the basic settings such as
hard disk parameters, interface and power-
saving options. The BIOS settings have been
optimized for normal use at the factory. As
any change to these settings may lead to a
system crash or malfunction, you should read
the User's Manual or ask a computer expert.
CD-R
A one-time writeable blank CD.
CD-RW
A blank CD than can be written several times
(approx. 1000x) with a CD burner.
CPU (Central Processing Unit)
= Processor
The processor is the core of each computer.
It is installed into a socket onto the main-
board. CPUs and their clock rates are the
most important factor to determine the com-
puter's processing speed.
Today's modern high-performance proces-
sors need a cooling fan.
DDR-SDRAM (Double Data Rate-
SDRAM)
DDR-SRAM is a very fast type of memory
that can transfer twice as much data as
normal SDRAMs.
DirectX
Multimedia programming interface developed
by Microsoft. It enables programs – espe-
cially computer games – to quickly access
the graphics, sound and network features as
well as game hardware such as joysticks or
steering wheels.
DSL (Digital Subscriber Line)
Digital subscriber line to transfer data over
conventional telecommunication wires by
using high data transfer rates. A DSL con-
nection is approx. ten times faster than ISDN.
DSL requires special modems.
DVD-ROM (Digital Versatile Disc)
Successor of the Compact Disc with the
same dimensions, read-only DVD. Available
with different capacities: 4.7 GB (DVD-5,
single-side), 8.6 GB (DVD-9, single-side, two
layers), 9.4 GB (DVD-10, double-side for
turning over), 17 GB (DVD-18, double-side,
two layers).
DVD-R
A write-once but read-many (infinite) times
DVD with a capacity of 4.7 GB.
DVD-RW
DVD that can be written many times (app.
1000x)  and read infinite times with a
capacity of 4.7 GB.
Ethernet
Ethernet is the world's most widely used
network infrastructure that features a maxi-
mum data transfer rate of 10 or 100 Mb/s to
interconnect different computers.
Firewall
A program integrated into the communica-
tions path that avoids unauthorized access
from the outer world to the PC. Normally a
firewall secures the Internet communication.
FireWire, iLink, IEEE-1394
IEEE-1394 is an industry standard serial bus
that provides a fast data transfer. FireWire
has become very popular especially in DV
(digital video) applications. Its high data

--- Page 60 ---
52
    Glossary
transfer rates up to 400 Mb/s make it the
ideal choice for multimedia data.
ISDN (Integrated Services Digital
Network)
Digital wired network. The most notable
difference to the analogue telephone network
is that ISDN transmits digital signals.
LAN (Local Area Network)
Common term for local network. Normally, no
public access is possible.
Network
A network is a group of several computers
that communicate each other. The Internet is
the world's largest network.
Mainboard (also Motherboard)
The mainboard of the PC contains processor
sockets, chipsets, expansion slots, memory
bus and different interfaces to the exterior
world.
Modem (Modulator/Demodulator)
Your PC uses the modem to dial into the
conventional analogue telephone network in
order to communicate with remote computers
or the Internet.
PCI Bus (Peripheral Component
Interconnect)
The latest technology for PC expansion cards
featuring 32 bits of bus width and 33 MHz
clock rate. It can transfer up to 132 MB/s.
Plug & Play or PnP
Translates as "Plug-in and Go ahead", com-
pute technology where the components auto-
configure themselves. Windows detects
expansion cards (such as network cards or
modems) automatically and performs all the
necessary settings.
SPDIF
SPDIF is the abbreviation for "Sony/Philips
Digital Interface". It represents a standard
cable connection for digital audio data that
has been defined by Sony and Philips. By
using a SPDIF cable and connector you can
transfer music data between two audio de-
vices. If supplied, you must use the provided
SPDIF cable.
USB (Universal Serial Bus)
The abbreviation USB means "Universal
Serial Bus". USB is a simple, but also univer-
sal, interface for almost any kind of device –
ranging from mouses and keyboards, through
joysticks and gamepads, up to scanners,
modems, memory sticks, digital cameras and
MP3 players.
VGA Cable/Connector
VGA is the abbreviation for Video Graphics
Adapter and represents the graphics card of
your computer. In an analogue way, all com-
ponents necessary for picture display are
also called VGA components.
WHQL (Microsoft Windows Hardware
Quality Labs)
A certification standard for hardware founded
by Microsoft that tests for several criteria
(compatibility, configuration etc.) in the above
labs.
If the product meets those criteria, it obtains
the certification "Microsoft WHQL approved"
and is therefore certified for use with Win-
dows. All Targa PCs and notebooks meet
these quality requirements.
WLAN – Wireless LAN
WLAN is the abbreviation for Wireless LAN,
which means "wireless network".

--- Page 61 ---
Index    
53
Index
Accessories  ..................................................  32
Auto-detect, USB ..........................................  27
Backup, System Restore  ..............................  33
Beamer  ...........................................................  9
BIOS .............................................................  33
Card reader
CF cards  ..................................................  10
general information  ..................................  10
Memory Stick  ...........................................  10
Microdrive .................................................  10
Removing cards  .......................................  12
SD cards  ..................................................  10
SmartMedia ..............................................  10
Transferring ..............................................  11
CD-ROM
parking position ..........................................  6
Compact Flash cards ....................................  10
Computer
Direct connection  .....................................  17
Name  .......................................................  19
WLAN .......................................................  20
Connecting a TV set  .......................................  8
Crossover cable ............................................  17
Dial-Up Networking
General information ..................................  13
Internet .....................................................  13
Password  .................................................  16
User name ................................................  16
Direct Connection  .........................................  17
Driver ............................................................  32
DVD-ROM, parking position ............................  6
Encryption, WLAN  ........................................  24
FAQ  ..............................................................  32
FireWire
Hot-swap ..................................................  28
IEEE 1394 ................................................  28
Plug & Play  ..............................................  28
Firmware .......................................................  33
First Setup  ......................................................  5
Graphics adapter
resolution  ...................................................  7
TV output  ...................................................  8
Hardware, WLAN ..........................................  20
Hot-swap
FireWire  ...................................................  28
USB ..........................................................  27
IEEE 1394  ..................................................... 28
Internet
Dial-Up Networking ................................... 13
Password .................................................. 16
User name  ................................................ 16
Internet access  .............................................. 16
LAN
Setting up .................................................. 17
Wireless .................................................... 20
Manual ........................................................... 32
Memory cards, Removing .............................. 12
Memory Stick ................................................. 10
Microdrive ...................................................... 10
Modem
Dial-Up Networking ................................... 13
installing .................................................... 12
Password .................................................. 16
Telephone wall connector ......................... 12
User name  ................................................ 16
Monitor, Resolution .......................................... 7
Network
Computer name ........................................ 19
Configuring automatically  ......................... 17
Configuring using the Wizard .................... 17
SSID  ......................................................... 23
Wireless .................................................... 20
WLAN, general  ......................................... 20
Workgroup  ................................................ 19
Network Setup Wizard ................................... 17
Patch cable .................................................... 17
Plug & Play
FireWire .................................................... 28
USB  .......................................................... 27
Projector .......................................................... 9
Removable media .......................................... 11
Removing memory cards ............................... 12
Screen, resolution ............................................ 7
SD cards ........................................................ 10
Security, WLAN  ............................................. 24
Service  .......................................................... 29
SmartMedia  ................................................... 10
Spare parts .................................................... 32
SSID .............................................................. 23
System Restore
Basics ....................................................... 34
Checkpoints .............................................. 34
Creating backups ...................................... 34

--- Page 62 ---
54
    Index
System Restore
General information .................................. 33
Restoring Your System ............................. 35
Safe Mode  ................................................ 37
under normal operation conditions  ........... 35
TCP/IP
Wizard  ...................................................... 17
WLAN  ....................................................... 22
Telephone wall connector  ............................. 12
Transferring pictures  ..................................... 11
Transferring, Memory cards  .......................... 11
Troubleshooting  ............................................ 29
TV set, connecting  .......................................... 8
Update ........................................................... 32
BIOS ......................................................... 33
USB
1.0  ............................................................ 27
2.0  ............................................................ 27
Compatibility ............................................. 27
Hot-swap  .................................................. 27
USB
Older devices  ...........................................  27
Plug & Play ...............................................  27
USB 1.1  ........................................................  27
Video projector ................................................  9
WEP ..............................................................  24
Windows
Computer name  .......................................  19
First Setup .................................................  5f
Network Setup Wizard  .............................  17
Workgroup ................................................  19
WLAN  ...........................................................  20
Configuring ...............................................  21
general  .....................................................  20
Security  ....................................................  24
SSID .........................................................  23
TCP/IP ......................................................  22
WEP .........................................................  24
Workgroup  ....................................................  19

--- Page 63 ---







Français 
$YHUWLVVHPHQW
$YDQWGXWLOLVHUFHSpULSKpULTXHSRXUODSUHPLqUHIRLVYHXLOOH]OLUHDWWHQWLYHPHQWOHV
UHPDUTXHVGXSUpVHQWPDQXHOHWWHQLUFRPSWHGHWRXVOHVDYHUWLVVHPHQWVPHQWLRQQpV
PrPHVLYRXVrWHVKDELWXpjPDQLSXOHUGHVDSSDUHLOVpOHFWURQLTXHV&RQVHUYH]FH
PDQXHOHQOLHXVUDILQGHSRXYRLUYRXV\UHSRUWHUjWRXWPRPHQW6LYRXVYHQGH]RX
FpGH]FHWDSSDUHLOjXQHWLHUFHSHUVRQQHYRXVGHYH]pJDOHPHQWOXLUHPHWWUHFH
PDQXHO
Microsoft
®
 et Windows
®
 sont des marques déposées de Microsoft Corporation.  
Toutes les autres marques appartiennent à leurs propriétaires respectifs.

--- Page 65 ---
Sommaire    
1
Sommaire
1. Démarrage en quelques minutes 
............................... 3
1.1 Connecteurs et ports  ........................................................... 3
1.2 Connexion et mise sous tension .......................................... 4
Connexion de l'alimentation et du moniteur ......................... 4
Connexion de la souris et du clavier .................................... 5
1.3 Premier démarrage de Windows  ......................................... 5
2. Configuration avancée et gestion 
............................. 7
2.1 Carte graphique ................................................................... 7
Configuration de l'écran et de la carte graphique  ................ 7
Envoi de l'image sur un téléviseur  ....................................... 8
2.2 Lecteur de cartes mémoire .................................................. 10
Insertion d’une carte mémoire ............................................. 10
Transfert et enregistrement des données sur le PC ............. 11
Retrait d'une carte mémoire en toute sécurité ..................... 12
2.3 Modem, Internet et réseau  .................................................. 13
Connexion du modem .......................................................... 13
Configuration de l'accès réseau à distance  ......................... 13
Configuration du réseau  ...................................................... 17
WLAN – Configuration d'un réseau sans fil  ......................... 21
WEP – Sécurité et réseaux sans fil  ..................................... 24
Connexions WLAN – A n'activer qu'en cas de besoin  ......... 26
2.4 Connexion des périphériques USB et FireWire  ................... 27
Périphériques USB .............................................................. 27
Périphériques FireWire ........................................................ 28
3. Résolution des incidents, première assistance,
questions courantes 
........................................................ 30
3.1 Résolution des incidents ...................................................... 30
3.2 Questions courantes ............................................................ 33
3.3 Si le système ne fonctionne plus du tout – Restauration du
système  ............................................................................... 35
Création d'un point de restauration ...................................... 35

--- Page 66 ---
2
    Sommaire
Restauration du système en utilisant des points de
restauration .......................................................................... 36
3.4 Restauration du système à l'aide du logiciel de restauration
du système  .......................................................................... 39
Activation, enregistrement et numéro de série ........ 43
Sécurité  ......................................................................................... 45
EMC et réglementations de sécurité ......................................... 45
Remarque à l'attention de l'utilisateur ....................................... 45
Utilisation correcte  .................................................................... 45
Environnement de fonctionnement  ........................................... 46
Piles classiques et rechargeables ............................................. 47
Laser (avertissement de sécurité)  ............................................ 47
Consignes de sécurité importantes  .......................................... 48
Instructions de sécurité supplémentaires pour les appareils
avec réseau local sans fil .......................................................... 49
Marquage de conformité pour les périphériques avec réseau
local sans fil  .............................................................................. 50
Restrictions ............................................................................... 51
Fréquences RF pour périphériques de réseau local sans fil ..... 51
Règlement – Exclusion de responsabilité ................................. 52
Élimination et recyclage des appareils usagés ......................... 53
Conformité  ................................................................................ 53
Glossaire  ....................................................................................... 54
Index  ............................................................................................... 56
Avertissement :
Les CD fournis contenant les pilotes des composants peuvent ne pas être
entièrement à jour. Les derniers pilotes validés sont disponibles sur le CD/DVD
EasyInstall ou sur notre site Web www.service.targa.co.uk.

--- Page 67 ---
1.1 Connecteurs et ports    
3
1. Démarrage en quelques minutes
1.1 Connecteurs et ports
1 Affichage
2 Bouton Quick Media
3 Bouton de mise sous/hors tension
4 Lecteur de DVD-ROM
5 Bouton d'éjection du lecteur de DVD-ROM
6 Graveur de DVD/CD
7 Bouton d'éjection du graveur de DVD/CD
8 Baie de disques 5" 1/4 accessible depuis le panneau avant
9 Panneau avant (lecteur de cartes et ports de connexion)
10 Orifices de ventilation
1 SD, SD-Mini, MMC, RS-MMC
2 Emplacement pour CompactFlash /
Microdrive
3 Emplacement pour Smart Media / xD
4 Emplacement pour Memory Stick / Pro
5 Entrée S-Vidéo
6 Entrée vidéo composite
7 Entrée de ligne audio (uniquement
pour AV)
8 Entrée micro
9 Sortie de ligne audio
10 Interface eSATA
11 Port FireWire (4 broches, 6 broches)
12 Ports USB (4x)

--- Page 68 ---
4
    Démarrage en quelques minutes
1 Prise de courant
2 Bouton de mise sous/hors tension
3 Fermeture de sécurité
4 Désignation et numéro de série du produit
5 Prise péritel (Euro AV)
6 Connecteurs PS/2
7 Entrée/sortie numérique SPDIF (coaxiale)
8 Interface parallèle
9 Interface eSATA
10 Entrée/sortie numérique SPDIF (optique)
11 Port USB (4x)
12 Port FireWire (6 broches)
13 Connecteur réseau / LAN / Ethernet
14 Connecteur haut-parleur central / caisson de
graves
15 Connecteur haut-parleurs latéraux
16 Connecteur haut-parleurs arrière
17 Connecteur micro
18 Connecteur haut-parleurs avant/sortie de ligne
audio (connecteur haut-parleur stéréo)
19 Entrée de ligne audio
20 Verrouillage de la carcasse
21 Connecteur de moniteur numérique DVI/-I
22 Connecteur de moniteur analogique VGA
23 Sortie S-Vidéo
24 Interface série
25 Entrée du signal TV - DVB-S
26 Entrée du signal TV – numérique, analogique,
DVB-T
27 Entrée de l'antenne de diffusion (Radio FM)
28 Connecteur de modem RJ11
1.2  Connexion et mise sous tension
Connexion de l'alimentation et du moniteur
1.
 Branchez l'ordinateur sur l'alimentation secteur en
raccordant le câble d'alimentation fourni à la prise de
courant correspondante.
2.
 Appuyez sur le côté "I" de l'interrupteur d'alimenta-
tion principale situé à l'arrière de l'ordinateur. Vous
pouvez désormais laisser en permanence l'interrupteur
d'alimentation principale sur cette position et allumer ou
éteindre l'ordinateur à l'aide du bouton de mise sous/hors tension situé sur son
panneau avant.

--- Page 69 ---
Premier démarrage de Windows    
5
3. Connectez le câble (du moniteur VGA) au port correspondant de l'ordinateur.
Si vous disposez d'un écran plat DVI, vous pouvez le connecter à ce port pour
améliorer la qualité du signal. Ne forcez pas les pièces mécaniques et serrez les
vis à la main uniquement.
4. Branchez le moniteur sur une prise de courant et mettez-le sous tension.
Connexion de la souris et du clavier
1. Insérez tout d'abord les piles classiques ou
rechargeables dans le clavier et la souris. Pour ce
faire, ouvrez le compartiment des piles situé sous la
souris et insérez les piles en respectant la polarité
indiquée.
2. Ouvrez ensuite le compartiment des piles situé
sous le clavier et procédez de même.
3. Connectez le récepteur sans fil à un port USB de
l'ordinateur. Vous pouvez utiliser un port USB quel-
conque (un port situé à l'arrière du périphérique, par
exemple).
4. Les périphériques doivent à présent être synchro-
nisés. Allumez votre ordinateur. Appuyez sur le bouton de configuration du récep-
teur sans fil afin que ce dernier puisse détecter tout nouveau périphérique. Appuyez
pendant 15 secondes sur le bouton ID situé à l'arrière du clavier, puis sur le même
bouton situé à l'arrière de la souris.
Remarque: Le câble USB de la souris est destiné au chargement des piles
(rechargeables) de la souris.
1.3  Premier démarrage de Windows
Tout d’abord, vous devez allumer le périphérique en appuyant sur l’interrupteur
d’alimentation principal. Windows sera chargé automatiquement et le Bureau
s’affichera. Vous pouvez commencer à travailler immédiatement. Cependant, lors
de la première utilisation, le processus de démarrage sera différent. Avant d’utiliser
votre ordinateur pour la première fois, vous devez configurer et personnaliser
Windows selon vos habitudes de travail.
1. Ce processus est très simple et peut être effectué en quelques minutes. Un
assistant de configuration s’affiche automatiquement, vous guidant à travers les

--- Page 70 ---
6
    Démarrage en quelques minutes
différentes étapes de la première configuration. Suivez les instructions qui s'affi-
chent pour réaliser toutes les étapes.
2. A la fin, ces paramètres seront enregistrés automatiquement et seront désor-
mais disponibles. Par conséquent, vous n’aurez à effectuer ce processus qu’une
seule fois lors du premier démarrage.
3. Une fois la première configuration terminée, vous devez redémarrer votre
ordinateur. La plupart des périphériques et des composants se trouvent toujours
dans un état passif. Une fois le redémarrage effectué, tous les composants maté-
riels sont actifs et Windows recharge sa configuration.
4. Pour effectuer cette opération, cliquez sur Démarrer/Arrêter l'ordinateur dans
l'angle inférieur gauche. Une fenêtre s'affiche avec trois options. Cliquez sur
Redémarrer. Windows s'arrête et redémarre quelques instants après. Ensuite,
le Bureau Windows se charge pour vous permettre d'utiliser l'ordinateur.
Optimisation de l’affichage
Après avoir lancé et configuré Windows pour la première fois, l’affichage utilise
les paramètres standard. L’affichage des images n’est peut-être pas optimal et
l'adaptateur graphique ne fonctionne pas avec la meilleure qualité. Cela n’est
pas un dysfonctionnement et vous pouvez résoudre ce problème en modifiant
la configuration. Si vous rencontrez ce problème, veuillez lire à la page 7 com-
ment optimiser la qualité de l'affichage.

--- Page 71 ---
Carte graphique    
7
2. Configuration avancée et gestion
2.1 Carte graphique
Configuration de l'écran et de la carte graphique
Vous pouvez optimiser l'affichage avec quelques paramètres.
Remarque sur les illustrations
Les illustrations de configuration ne sont que des exemples. Les fonctions, les
menus et l'apparence peuvent varier selon les matériels et les pilotes utilisés.
Toutefois, la procédure générale est identique.
1.
 Ouvrez l'écran de configuration d'écran. Cliquez sur Démarrer/Panneau de
configuration pour ouvrir le Panneau de configuration, puis cliquez sur l'icône
Affichage pour ouvrir la configuration.
2.
 Dans la fenêtre Propriétés de
Affichage, sélectionnez l'onglet
Paramètres. Dans le bas de l'écran,
figure le paramètre Résolution de
l'écran. Vous pouvez faire glisser le
curseur vers la gauche ou vers la
droite à l'aide de la souris pour aug-
menter ou réduire la résolution.
3.
 A côté de ce paramètre figure
l'option Qualité couleur qui permet
d'ajuster la palette des couleurs. La
valeur Moyenne (16 bits) fournit
pratiquement une qualité photo. Cette
valeur est parfaitement adaptée aux
tâches quotidiennes et à la plupart des
applications d'édition d'images. La
valeur Optimale (32 bits) s'appelle également Couleurs. Elle permet d'utiliser plus
de couleurs, mais elle peut affecter les performances du système.

--- Page 72 ---
8
    Configuration avancée et gestion
4. Cliquez ensuite sur Avancé
pour ouvrir une nouvelle fenêtre.
Cliquez sur l'onglet Ecran dans
la partie supérieure. Dans cet
onglet vous pouvez définir la
fréquence d'actualisation de
l'écran. Sélectionnez la valeur
la plus élevée pour éliminer le
scintillement et travailler confor-
tablement. Il est recommandé
d'utiliser une fréquence com-
prise entre 70 Hz et 85 Hz.
5. Une fois tous les paramètres
définis, cliquez sur OK pour les
valider. Windows applique la
nouvelle configuration pour la
tester. Si les nouveaux paramè-
tres vous conviennent, cliquez
sur Oui pour les conserver.
Dans le cas contraire, Windows restaure les paramètres d'origine dans un délai de
15 secondes. Vous pouvez alors modifier de nouveau les paramètres et réessayer.
Envoi de l'image sur un téléviseur
Lorsque vous recevez un programme TV ou visualisez un film DVD, vous pouvez
ne pas utiliser l'écran de l'ordinateur du fait que ce dernier dispose d'un port de
sortie TV pour connecter un téléviseur standard ou un projecteur vidéo. Vous
pouvez ainsi disposer d'un système cinéma domestique avec un téléviseur 16/9 ou
un projecteur.
La plupart des téléviseurs et des projecteurs utilisent des câbles vidéo standard
(jaune Euro-Cinch) ou disposent de connecteurs S-Vidéo. Vous pouvez utiliser ces
câbles ou un adaptateur pour les connecter à la carte graphique de l'ordinateur.
Toutefois, la qualité de l'image est meilleure avec un câble S-Vidéo. Vous noterez
la différence si vous utilisez des sources vidéo haut de gamme, telles que des films
DVD.
1. Connectez le câble vidéo au port de sortie TV de la carte graphique. Utilisez l'un
des câbles mentionnés (Euro-Cinch ou S-Vidéo). Le type de câble dépend des
connecteurs d'entrée du téléviseur. Selon le type de connexion que vous utilisez,
vous pouvez avoir besoin d'un adaptateur (en option) pour connecter le câble.
Connectez ensuite le câble au téléviseur ou au projecteur.

--- Page 73 ---
Carte graphique    
9
Sortie TV via le port S-Vidéo (à droite).
2.
 Le port de sortie TV de la carte graphique fournit toujours le signal correspon-
dant au téléviseur utilisé. Toutefois, vous pouvez optimiser le signal pour améliorer
la qualité des images. Lorsque vous utilisez un projecteur de qualité profession-
nelle, vous pouvez définir la fréquence d'actualisation et les signaux entrelacés/non
entrelacés.
Pour définir cette configuration, cliquez sur Démarrer/Panneau de configuration.
Le Panneau de configuration s'affiche. Il contient l'icône Affichage. Double-cliquez
sur l'icône. La fenêtre Propriétés de Affichage apparaît. Cliquez sur l’onglet
Paramètres. Ouvrez la configuration en cliquant sur le bouton Avancé.
3. Une nouvelle fenêtre s'affiche. Cliquez sur l'onglet GeForce. Cet onglet offre
plusieurs choix de périphériques de sortie (écran d'ordinateur, projecteur, téléviseur
ou écran plat, par exemple).
Remarque...
Une fois la connexion établie entre l'ordinateur et le téléviseur, vous devez met-
tre le téléviseur sous tension et le configurer pour recevoir le signal vidéo. Ceci
implique que vous devez sélectionner "Vidéo", "AV" ou une source d'entrée
similaire sur le téléviseur. Parfois, il peut être nécessaire de redémarrer l'ordi-
nateur pour permettre à la carte graphique de détecter la nouvelle connexion
et fournir automatiquement le signal approprié. Si les icônes décrites pour votre
téléviseur ne sont pas disponibles ou sont estompées, vérifiez la connexion du
câble ou redémarrez le PC.
Un projecteur et un téléviseur diffèrent en ce sens que le projecteur utilise par
défaut un signal S-Vidéo ou RVB alors que le téléviseur utilise un signal VHS
normal (composite).
Cliquez simplement sur le périphérique désiré à l'aide de la souris pour le définir
comme "affichage principal". Le périphérique sera désormais utilisé comme sortie
d'affichage et son signal vidéo sera optimisé. Vous pouvez modifier les paramètres
du périphérique activé à partir du menu situé à gauche. Selon les caractéristiques
du téléviseur ou du projecteur, vous pouvez optimiser davantage la sortie vidéo.

--- Page 74 ---
10
    Configuration avancée et gestion
Problèmes lors de l'utilisation de DVD protégés contre la copie
La nouvelle législation en vigueur relative au copyright interdit toute copie de
support protégé, tel qu'un CD de musique ou un DVD de film, même à des fins
d'utilisation personnelle ! Néanmoins, la sortie vidéo vers un périphérique ex-
terne, tel qu'un téléviseur, permet de copier un film vers un magnétoscope. En
conséquence, il est possible que des DVD de films protégés (de Macrovision,
etc.) bloquent également la sortie vidéo de la carte graphique pour interdire
toute copie. Toutefois, vous pouvez toujours visualiser le film sur le téléviseur.
Certaines protections sont si puissantes que la visualisation du film sur l'ordi-
nateur est soumise à des interférences ou totalement impossible. L'ordinateur
n'est pas en cause ; il s'agit simplement de l'effet de la protection contre la
copie du fabricant.
2.2  Lecteur de cartes mémoire
Insertion d’une carte mémoire
Le lecteur de cartes de mémoire se trouve derrière un panneau, à l'avant de votre
ordinateur. Appuyez fermement sur le côté supérieur du mécanisme de protection
pour ouvrir le panneau avant. Il dispose de plusieurs fentes correspondent aux
différents types de cartes mémoire. L'apparence et l'emplacement des fentes
varient en fonction du modèle. Selon le modèle de lecteur de cartes, vous pouvez
utiliser les cartes mémoire suivantes :

--- Page 75 ---
Lecteur de cartes mémoire    
11
•  Compact Flash, Microdrive – Les
cartes Compact Flash Type I et Type
II (CF I, CF II). sont disponibles. Les
cartes mémoire flash standard sont
généralement de Type I. Les autres
supports de stockage, tels que IBM
Microdrive, sont généralement de
Type II. Ces cartes sont légèrement
plus épaisses et plus grandes.
•  SmartMedia, cartes SD, Memory
Stick - Les autres cartes mémoire
types incluent les cartes SmartMedia
et SD et les cartes Sony Memory
Stick. Compactes et solides, ces
cartes sont des compléments parfaits pour les appareils photo numériques, les
lecteurs MP3 et les téléphones mobiles.
 Du fait de l'apparence spécifique du lecteur de cartes, des fentes et des cartes,
vous ne confondrez pas les différents types de cartes lorsque vous les utiliserez.
Les cartes ne peuvent être insérées que dans la fente qui leur est destinée.
 
 Remarque
 Les fabricants de cartes mémoire ne respectant pas tous les spécifications
établies, il est impossible de garantir la totale compatibilité de toutes les cartes
du fait du grand nombre de fabricants.
 
 Transfert et enregistrement des données sur le PC
 Windows ne gère pas les lecteurs de cartes de la même manière que les autres
périphériques ; il les gère en tant qu'unités de disque standard. Cela implique que
vous n'avez pas à installer, ni configurer des pilotes ou un logiciel spécial pour
pourvoir y accéder.
 
1. Dès que la carte est insérée, une fenêtre comportant des fonctions automati-
ques s'affiche. Vous pouvez choisir l'une de ces tâches standard ou copier les
données manuellement. Pour copier manuellement des données, fermez la fenêtre
en cliquant sur Annuler.
 
2. Ouvrez l'Explorateur Windows depuis le menu Démarrer. Dans le cadre de
gauche de l'Explorateur, sous l'icône Poste de travail à côté du disque dur et du

--- Page 76 ---
12
    Configuration avancée et gestion
lecteur de CD-ROM ou de DVD-ROM, figurent des entrées libellées Disque local.
Ces lecteurs correspondent aux fentes du lecteur de cartes.
 
3. Vous pouvez accéder aux cartes mémoire insérées comme s'il s'agissait d'un
lecteur de CD-ROM ou d'un disque dur. Marquez les fichiers appropriés et copiez-
les vers le disque dur local. Les opérations de copie, de transfert et de suppression
de fichiers sont identiques à celles d'un disque dur.
 
 Retrait d'une carte mémoire en toute sécurité
 Le pilote USB du lecteur de cartes permet l'insertion et le retrait à chaud, ce qui
signifie que vous pouvez insérer et retirer les cartes mémoire alors que l'ordinateur
est actif. Toutefois, il peut arriver qu'une copie ne soit pas terminée ou que des
fichiers soient toujours présents dans la mémoire cache. Dans ce cas, vous risquez
de perdre des données ou d'endommager le support. Pour retirer les cartes mémoire
en toute sécurité et sans aucun risque de l'ordinateur, procédez comme suit :
 
1. Accédez à l'Explorateur Windows. S'il n'est pas ouvert, démarrez-le depuis le
menu Démarrer.
 
2. Dans le cadre de gauche, sélectionnez le lecteur amovible à retirer. Cliquez
avec le bouton droit de la souris. Un menu contextuel s'affiche. Sélectionnez la
commande Ejecter.
 
3. Windows interdit tout accès au lecteur : vous pouvez le retirer en toute sécurité.

--- Page 77 ---
Modem, Internet et réseau    
13
2.3  Modem, Internet et réseau
 Connexion du modem
 Pour pouvoir utiliser le modem interne, vous devez connecter le câble. Les modems
utilisent des lignes téléphoniques conventionnelles pour les connexions Internet.
Vous n'avez besoin que d'une prise téléphonique murale standard et d'un câble de
modem. Le câble est fourni avec l'ordinateur et peut être installé immédiatement.
 
1.
 Sortez le câble du modem de son emballage.
 
2.
 Connectez l'une des extrémités du câble à connecteurs Western au port corres-
pondant situé à l'arrière du PC. Le port se trouve dans la partie inférieure du châs-
sis. La face supérieure du connecteur Western est dotée d'une petite languette.
Vous devez aligner la petite languette sur l'encoche correspondante du port. Lors-
que l'ordinateur est orienté verticalement, l'encoche doit être tournée vers le bas.
Le câble vient se verrouiller dans l'orifice. Pour extraire le connecteur Western,
appuyez doucement sur la languette, puis retirez le câble.
 
3.
 Vous devez insérer l'autre extrémité du câble dans la prise téléphonique murale.
Dans certains pays, un adaptateur est nécessaire pour connecter le modem. Dans
ce cas, connectez le câble à l'adaptateur et l'adaptateur à la prise téléphonique
murale. Insérez le câble du modem avec précaution en appuyant légèrement. Si
vous ne pouvez pas insérer le connecteur, cela implique que vous n'avez vraisem-
blablement pas choisi le port approprié ou que le port n'est pas adapté au connec-
teur.
 
4.
 Une fois le câble connecté à l'ordinateur et à la prise téléphonique murale,
l'installation physique du modem est terminée. Maintenant, vous pouvez configurer
le modem. Vous pouvez accéder à votre fournisseur de services Internet via l'accès
réseau à distance Windows. Cette opération est expliquée en détail dans les
sections suivantes.
 Configuration de l'accès réseau à distance
 Pour pouvoir naviguer sur Internet dans Windows XP, vous devez configurer une
connexion à distance. Un Assistant vous aide étape par étape à exécuter cette
opération. Munissez-vous des informations d'accès du fournisseur de services
Internet. Le numéro du fournisseur de services Internet est assez long. Le fournis-
seur de services Internet vous a fourni toutes les informations d'accès lorsque vous
vous êtes abonné. Naturellement, vous pouvez également utiliser l'accès réseau à
distance pour les accès appel par appel. Du point de vue technique, il n'y a aucune
différence. Maintenant que vous disposez de toutes les informations nécessaires,
vous pouvez configurer l'accès réseau à distance.

--- Page 78 ---
14
    Configuration avancée et gestion
 1. Démarrez l'Assistant Nouvelle connexion. Pour ce faire, cliquez sur Démarrer/
Tous les programmes /Accessoires/Communications/Assistant Nouvelle
connexion.
 
 2. Windows vous demande des informations sur votre emplacement. Sélectionnez
votre pays sous Pays/Région. En dessous, vous devez taper l'indicatif ou le code
de la ville. Cette information est importante car elle permet à Windows de savoir s'il
doit composer le préfixe lors de l'établissement d'une connexion.
 Si le modem est connecté à un central téléphonique, tapez le préfixe d'accès à la
ligne externe dans le champ correspondant. En règle générale, le préfixe est 0
(zéro), mais il n'est pas nécessaire pour les lignes téléphoniques privées sans
central téléphonique.
 Enfin, définissez le mode de numéro-
tation. La plupart des pays utilisent la
numérotation à fréquences vocales qui
envoie de petits bips. Vous pouvez
également utiliser la numérotation par
impulsions qui émet des impulsions
sonores. Si vous ne connaissez pas le
mode de numérotation de votre ligne
téléphonique, contactez l'opérateur
téléphonique avant d'utiliser le modem.
Cliquez sur OK pour terminer cette
étape. Windows vous demande si vous
voulez établir une nouvelle connexion
depuis cet emplacement. Cliquez sur OK pour confirmer la sélection.

--- Page 79 ---
Modem, Internet et réseau    
15
 3. La première fenêtre de l'Assistant Nouvelle connexion contient des informations
que vous pouvez ignorer en cliquant sur Suivant. Le fenêtre suivante vous demande
de définir le type de connexion. Sélectionnez la première option Etablir une con-
nexion à Internet, puis cliquez sur Suivant pour continuer.
 
 4. Maintenant, vous pouvez configurer la connexion automatiquement depuis une
liste ou manuellement. Il est recommandé de sélectionner l'option Configurer ma
connexion manuellement. Cette procédure est rapide et très simple.
 
5. Windows demande ensuite le
périphérique que vous utilisez pour
vous connecter à Internet. Choisis-
sez la première option Se connec-
ter en utilisant un modem d'ac-
cès à distance. Cette option est
adaptée à tous les modems et
toutes les cartes RNIS. L'Assistant
recherche automatiquement le
modem interne. Si plusieurs mo-
dems sont installés, une autre
fenêtre apparaît pour vous deman-
der de choisir le modem à utiliser
avec la connexion. Dans ce cas,

--- Page 80 ---
16
    Configuration avancée et gestion
sélectionnez le modem approprié dans la liste. Si aucun autre modem supplémen-
taire n'est installé, cette invite ne s'affiche pas.
 
6. Tapez le nom de la nouvelle connexion. Ce nom n'a aucun impact technique ;
vous le définissez à des fins personnelles pour le distinguer des autres connexions
que vous pouvez être amené à configurer ultérieurement. Il est judicieux d'utiliser le
nom du fournisseur de services Internet.
 
 Maintenant, entrez le numéro de téléphone du fournisseur de services Internet et
l'indicatif ou le code de la ville. Le fournisseur de services Internet doit vous avoir
donné ces informations lorsque vous vous êtes abonné. Les fournisseurs d'accès
appel par appel publient généralement leurs numéros d'accès dans des magazines,
mais vous pouvez contacter l'assistance téléphonique du fournisseur pour les
obtenir. Les données suivantes sont fournies à titre d'exemple uniquement et ne
fonctionnent pas avec une connexion Internet réelle.
 
7. Enfin, tapez les informations d'utilisateur de la connexion. Tapez votre nom
d'utilisateur et le mot de passe associé dans les champs appropriés. Vous devez
taper deux fois le mot de passe à des fins de vérification.
 En dessous des champs, vous pouvez également indiquer si d'autres utilisateurs
de l'ordinateur sont autorisés à utiliser la connexion. Si un membre de votre ouvre
ensuite une session, il pourra utiliser votre compte Internet pour établir une con-
nexion Internet. Windows vous demande également si vous désirez définir cette
connexion comme connexion Internet par défaut. Si vous cochez la case, Windows

--- Page 81 ---
Modem, Internet et réseau    
17
utilisera automatiquement cette connexion pour récupérer le courrier électronique
ou naviguer sur Internet.
 Pour finir, vous pouvez activer
le pare-feu Windows interne.
Il est vivement recommandé de
l'activer. Un pare-feu est un filtre
qui bloque les attaques des
utilisateurs externes sur l'ordina-
teur. Utilisez cette protection.
 
 
8. L'accès Internet est presque configuré/ La dernière fenêtre contient une vue
générale de tous les paramètres. Si vous le désirez, vous pouvez créer un rac-
courci d'accès la connexion sur le Bureau. Ce raccourci vous évite d'avoir à navi-
guer dans les différents menus Windows pour accéder à Internet ; vous pouvez
ouvrir la connexion Internet en double-cliquant sur l'icône du raccourci. Vous venez
de configurer votre connexion Internet. Si vous avez créé un raccourci sur le Bureau
lors de la dernière étape, utilisez-le ; il s'agit du moyen le plus rapide pour ouvrir la
connexion Internet.
 Cliquez avec le bouton droit de la souris
sur l'icône pour ouvrir un menu contextuel.
Vous pouvez ainsi modifier la configuration
ou établir la connexion. Ou bien, double-
cliquez sur l'icône pour accéder directe-
ment à Internet.
 
 Configuration du réseau
 La méthode la plus simple pour configurer une connexion réseau dans Windows XP
consiste à utiliser l'Assistant correspondant. Cette procédure est rapide, mais vous
ne pouvez pas modifier les adresses prédéfinies, ni les informations. Toutefois, cela
ne pose pas de problème lorsque vous interconnectez deux ou trois ordinateurs
uniquement.

--- Page 82 ---
18
    Configuration avancée et gestion
 
 Interconnexion directe de deux ordinateurs
 Lorsque vous configurez un grand réseau constitué d'un grand nombre d'ordi-
nateurs, une grande quantité de matériels est généralement nécessaire. Tou-
tefois, si vous voulez juste interconnecter deux ordinateurs, un câble croisé
suffit. Connectez simplement le câble au port réseau des deux ordinateurs.
Du fait de la transmission spéciale du signal, le câble interconnecte les deux
ordinateurs sans concentrateur. Toutefois, cela n'est possible qu'avec ce type
spécial de câble. Les câbles réseau standard ne sont pas adaptés dans ce cas,
car les affectations de broches sont différentes.
 La configuration est la même dans les deux cas, que vous configuriez un "vrai"
réseau ou utilisiez un câble croisé. Avec ce câble, les deux ordinateurs considè-
rent qu'il s'agit d'un vrai réseau.
 
 L'ordinateur est doté d'une carte réseau. Pour configurer un réseau, tous les autres
ordinateurs nécessitent également une carte réseau. Il se peut que vous deviez
également connecter tous les ordinateurs à un concentrateur. Un concentrateur est
un type de boîtier de distribution qui permet aux ordinateurs de se détecter mutuel-
lement et de communiquer entre eux.
 
1. Pour commencer, vous devez démarrer l'Assistant. Pour ce faire, cliquez sur
Démarrer/Panneau de configuration. Le Panneau de configuration contient
l'icône Connexions réseau. Cliquez dessus pour la sélectionner. Dans le cadre de
gauche de la fenêtre, cliquez sur Créer un réseau domestique ou un réseau
léger d'entreprise.

--- Page 83 ---
Modem, Internet et réseau    
19
 2. L'Assistant Configuration du
réseau s'ouvre. Dans la première
fenêtre, cliquez sur Suivant pour
continuer. La seconde fenêtre
contient des informations géné-
rales ; vous pouvez les ignorer.
Le fenêtre suivante vous de-
mande de définir le type de
l'ordinateur. Les deux premières
options font référence unique-
ment à l'accès Internet. Si vous
voulez partager l'accès Internet
dans le réseau ou si l'ordinateur
doit accéder à Internet via un
autre PC, vous devez utiliser ces
options.
 Toutefois, vous n'allez pas définir l'installation de l'accès Internet à ce stade. Parta-
gez uniquement l'accès Internet après avoir configuré le réseau. En conséquence,
sélectionnez la dernière option, à savoir Autre.
 
3. La fenêtre suivante vous demande des informations supplémentaires sur l'accès
Internet. Sélectionnez Cet ordinateur se connecte à un réseau qui ne se con-
necte pas à Internet
.
 Cliquez sur le bouton Suivant.
 
4. Ensuite, vous devez entrer le
nom de l'ordinateur dans le
champ Nom de l'ordinateur.
Vous pouvez taper n'importe quel
nom. Toutefois, le nom ne doit
pas comporter plus de 15 carac-
tères et ne doit pas contenir non
plus des espaces et des caractè-
res spéciaux. Dans le champ
Description de l'ordinateur,
vous pouvez taper la description
de l'ordinateur pour vous per-
mettre ainsi d'identifier les
différents postes de travail.

--- Page 84 ---
20
    Configuration avancée et gestion
 5. Le fenêtre suivante vous
demande de définir un nom de
groupe de travail. Windows
permet de regrouper des ordina-
teurs dans un groupe de travail.
Dans une grande entreprise, les
groupes de travail peuvent
correspondre aux différents
services. Il est important que tous
les ordinateurs appartiennent au
même groupe de travail. Autre-
ment, ils ne pourront pas se
détecter mutuellement et vous
devrez configurer un partage
supplémentaire. Il est préférable
de ne pas procéder ainsi.
 Les versions actuelles de Windows utilisent MSHOME comme nom de groupe de
travail par défaut. Si vous disposez d'ordinateurs avec Windows 98 ou ME, soyez
vigilant à ce stade. Ici, le nom de groupe par défaut est WORKGROUP. En consé-
quence, vous devez utiliser le même nom pour tous les ordinateurs.
 
6. La fenêtre suivante contient une vue générale de toutes les informations que
vous avez entrées. Si toutes ces informations sont correctes, cliquez sur Suivant
pour continuer. Windows va maintenant configurer votre réseau local. Cette opéra-
tion peut prendre quelques instants.
 
7.
 L'Assistant vous donne la
possibilité de créer un disque
d'installation pour les autres
ordinateurs.
 Si ces ordinateurs exécutent
également un Windows mis à
jour, cette opération est inutile.
Vous pouvez alors exécuter de
nouveau les étapes décrites ci-
dessus. Cette fonction n'est utile
que si les autres ordinateurs
exécutent Windows 98 ou ME.
 Si vous voulez l'utiliser, insérez une disquette vierge dans le lecteur de disquette et
attendez que l'Assistant copie les fichiers appropriés. Ensuite, vous devez insérer la

--- Page 85 ---
Modem, Internet et réseau    
21
disquette dans le lecteur A: des autres ordinateurs, ouvrir ce lecteur dans l'Explo-
rateur et double-cliquer sur le programme d'installation (Setup.exe). L'Assistant
démarre ; la procédure à exécuter est exactement identique.
 WLAN – Configuration d'un réseau sans fil
 Aujourd'hui, vous pouvez non seulement interconnecter des PC, mais également
n'importe quel type de périphérique, notamment des téléphones mobiles, des
ordinateurs bloc-notes, des PC de poche, etc. Auparavant, on ne pouvait utiliser
que des réseaux câblés avec des concentrateurs. Mais les communications sans fil
se développent très rapidement. L'une des technologies les plus intéressantes est
la technologie WLAN. WAN signifie "Wireless Network (réseau sans fil)" et désigne
la connexion de différents ordinateurs et périphériques sans recourir à des câbles.
Les transmissions s'effectuent par radiofréquence. Cette technologie offre des
opportunités totalement nouvelles, puisque vous pouvez accéder aux données de
votre PC tout en travaillant sur un ordinateur bloc-notes dans votre jardin sans
utiliser des câbles.
 
 Remarque sur la configuration des modèles ...
 Certains modèles ne disposent pas de carte LAN sans fil en standard, mais il
est possible d'installer une telle carte en option.
 
 Il existe des cartes WAN pour une multitude de périphériques. L'avantage réside
dans le fait que la norme IEEE 802.11 est largement utilisée pour les applications
domestiques. Ceci implique que, d'une manière générale, un périphérique WLAN
peut communiquer avec un autre périphérique qui utilise cette norme. Les périphé-
riques communiquent via de simples signaux de radiofréquence de sorte que la
communication est pratiquement indépendante du fabricant et du logiciel utilisé.
 La plupart des ordinateurs Targa sont dotés en standard d'une carte interne WLAN
IEEE 80.211 et permettent donc d'établir des communications sans fil. Pour savoir
si votre modèle dispose d'une telle carte, reportez-vous à sa fiche technique qui
contient les caractéristiques du modèle. Pour pouvoir utiliser les communications
WLAN, vous devez utiliser un autre ordinateur qui réponde aux signaux de radio-
fréquence. Toutefois, ce n'est pas réellement un problème. Si vous disposez d'un
autre PC ou d'un ordinateur bloc-notes, vous pouvez installer une carte WLAN et
configurer une connexion sans fil en quelques clics.
 Si vous avez besoin uniquement d'interconnecter deux ordinateurs, cette procédure
est très rapide et simple et s'effectue via une connexion ad hoc. Vous pouvez con-
figurer ce type de connexion de données en quelques minutes. En théorie, vous

--- Page 86 ---
22
    Configuration avancée et gestion
pouvez également connecter plus de deux ordinateurs à l'aide du mode ad hoc.
Toutefois, ce mode n'est pas conçu pour ce type d'application et il gère difficilement
les gros volumes de données et les architectures réseau complexes. Lorsque vous
installez plusieurs ordinateurs WLAN en réseau, il est recommandé d'utiliser un
point d'accès ou un routeur WLAN. Ces périphériques représentent un noeud
commun ou un boîtier de distribution dans le réseau et gère son trafic. En consé-
quence, un point d'accès ou un routeur WLAN fonctionne de la même manière
qu'un concentrateur ou un routeur dans un réseau câblé. Toutes les cartes WLAN
sont généralement compatibles avec ces périphériques. En conséquence, vous
pouvez intégrer votre ordinateur à un réseau sans fil existant avec un point d'accès
et/ou un routeur WLAN sans aucun problème.
 Si vous disposez d'un autre ordinateur doté d'une carte WLAN, vous êtes prêt à
configurer le réseau Vous devez entrer les informations d'accès et de réseau
correspondantes dans votre ordinateur, comme vous le faites pour un réseau câblé.
Cette procédure est simple et vous devriez pouvoir l'exécuter en quelques étapes.
1. Ouvrez le Panneau
de configuration et
sélectionnez l'icône
Connexions réseau.
Une fenêtre contenant
toutes les connexions de
l'ordinateur s'affiche. Si
vous utilisiez auparavant
un réseau câblé, la con-
figuration correspon-
dante apparaît dans la
fenêtre. Une icône de
réseau avec une an-
tenne est aussi présente.
Cette icône correspond
au réseau sans fil. Cliquez avec le bouton droit sur l'icône. Dans le menu contextuel
qui s'affiche, sélectionnez Propriétés.
 
2. Si vous avez déjà configuré les ordinateurs pour utiliser un réseau câblé, il suffit
d'exécuter quelques opérations pour activer le réseau sans fil. Si vous n'étendez
pas le réseau câblé, mais configurez complètement un réseau WLAN, vous devez
préalablement configurer le protocole TCP/IP. WLAN ne correspond pas à une
nouvelle architecture réseau, mais simplement à une substitution des câbles.
L'adresse IP, le nom d'ordinateur, etc. sont également nécessaires.

--- Page 87 ---
Modem, Internet et réseau    
23
3. Si vous devez configurer préala-
blement le protocole TCP/IP, ouvrez
l'onglet Général. L'onglet contient
l'entrée Protocole Internet. Cliquez
sur le bouton Propriétés pour ouvrir
l'écran de configuration. Pour une
connexion réseau directe, activez
l'option Obtenir une adresse IP
automatiquement. Si vous voulez
utiliser un point d'accès ou un routeur
LAN sans fil pour le réseau, vous
pouvez également choisir cette option
lorsque ce périphérique prend en
charge la fonction Serveur DHCP.
La configuration de tous les périphéri-
ques connectés au point d'accès ou
au routeur s'effectue automatique-
ment. Cliquez sur OK pour revenir à la fenêtre précédente.
4. Une fois la configuration PTC/IP terminée, ou si elle existait déjà pour le réseau
câblé, vous pouvez définir les paramètres WLAN. Cliquez sur l'onglet Configura-
tion réseaux sans fil. Pour une connexion sans fil simple, il est préférable de
laisser Windows exécuter toutes les opérations. Pour ce faire, activez l'option
Utiliser Windows pour configurer... Toutefois, vous devez exécuter vous-même
une action. Cliquez sur Ajouter.
5. Une fenêtre contenant la configuration réseau s'affiche. Il est important d'affecter
préalablement un nom au réseau. Pour ce faire, tapez un nom dans le champ SSID.
Ce nom apparaîtra sur tous les ordinateurs. Il est important que tous les ordinateurs
du réseau utilisent le même SSID. Ce nom identifie votre réseau.
A des fins de sécurité, vous pouvez crypter les données transférées dans le réseau
sans fil. Pour le premier test, vous pouvez désactiver cette fonction. Lorsque tout
fonctionne correctement, activez le cryptage. Laissez les options Authentification
réseau et Cryptage de données désactivées.
Vous devez activer le mode ad hoc au bas de l'écran. Cela permet d'indiquer à
Windows de ne pas rechercher de point d'accès, de routeur ou un périphérique
similaire. Les cartes WLAN vont s'interconnecter.

--- Page 88 ---
24
    Configuration avancée et gestion
 
 6. Lorsque vous revenez dans la fenêtre principale, le nouveau réseau figure dans
la liste. Cliquez sur OK pour fermer la fenêtre. La configuration est terminée.
Maintenant, vous devez suivre les mêmes étapes pour tous les autres ordinateurs
du WLAN. Une fois tous les ordinateurs configurés, Windows détecte le réseau
sans fil. L'exemple montre le nom du réseau (SSID) dans la liste. Du fait que vous
avez désactivé le cryptage pour le premier test, Windows vous signale des problè-
mes de sécurité éventuels. Acceptez le message pour le moment, puis cliquez sur
Connecter.
 Si maintenant vous ouvrez l'Explorateur Windows, les autres ordinateurs figurent
dans Favoris réseau. Cette procédure est identique à celle qui s'applique à un
réseau câblé.
 WEP – Sécurité et réseaux sans fil
 Dans leur configuration standard, les réseaux sans fil sont pratiquement publics.
Les données sont transmises dans l'espace et n'importe qui peut les écouter ou
accéder à votre ordinateur. Pour les premiers tests fonctionnels, les fonctions de
sécurité ne sont pas nécessaires, mais une fois que le réseau a été configuré et
testé, il est vivement recommandé d'activer le cryptage. La technologie simple et
efficace utilisée pour les réseaux domestiques s'appellent WEP (Wired Equivalent
Privacy). Lorsque vous utilisez la technologie WEP, vous créez une clé secrète qui
crypte toutes les données. Cela permet d'améliorer la sécurité du réseau sans fil.

--- Page 89 ---
Modem, Internet et réseau    
25
 1. Pour pouvoir utiliser le cryptage WEP, vous avez besoin d'une clé. Toutes les
données transférées dans le réseau sont codées en utilisant cette formule. Vous
pouvez télécharger gratuitement depuis Internet des générateurs de clés. Ils
convertissent un mot de passe ("abcdefghij", par exemple) en clé (0F9Bn7I9KKM,
par exemple). Mais vous pouvez créer aisément une clé vous-même. Une clé
correspond à une combinaison de chiffres et de caractères sans espaces dans
laquelle les caractères spéciaux sont autorisés.
 Toutefois, notez qu'il existe différents niveaux de clés. Windows utilise générale-
ment le cryptage 104 bits, ce qui implique que la clé contient 13 caractères. La
norme de cryptage actuelle 128 bits utilise 26 caractères. Le cryptage doit être
identique sur tous les ordinateurs. Si un ordinateur ne prend en charge que le
cryptage 64 bits (10 caractères), vous devez utiliser cette longueur de clé sur tous
les autres ordinateurs également.
 
2. Si vous avez créé vous-même
une clé ou utilisé un générateur de
clés pour la créer, cliquez sur
Démarrer/Panneau de configura-
tion pour ouvrir le Panneau de
configuration. Sélectionnez Con-
nexions réseau. Choisissez votre
connexion WLAN, cliquez avec le
bouton droit de la souris, puis
sélectionnez Propriétés.
 La fenêtre des propriétés du
réseau s'affiche. Cliquez sur
l'onglet Configuration réseaux
sans fil. Choisissez le réseau dans
la liste, puis cliquez sur le bouton
Propriétés.
 
3. Activez le cryptage en cochant la case Cryptage de données (WEP activé). Il
est également recommandé d'activer l'option Authentification réseau. L'étape
suivante porte sur la définition de la clé réseau.

--- Page 90 ---
26
    Configuration avancée et gestion
 Désactivez l'option La clé m'est fournie
automatiquement. Ensuite, tapez la clé
dans le champ Clé réseau La configura-
tion est terminée. Cliquez sur OK pour
confirmer les paramètres et activer le
cryptage sur la connexion sans fil.
 
 Effectuez de nouveau cette procédure pour tous les ordinateurs du réseau sans fil.
Il est important d'utiliser exactement la même clé sur tous les ordinateurs. Une
différence minime génère un cryptage différent et dans ce cas les ordinateurs ne
peuvent plus communiquer correctement. Si vous recevez un message d'erreur
relatif à la longue de la clé, cela implique que l'un des ordinateurs ne prend pas en
charge la longueur de clé utilisée. Dans ce cas, utilisez une clé plus courte, de 104
bits, par exemple (13 caractères) au lieu d'une clé 128 bits (26 caractères).
 Connexions WLAN – A n'activer qu'en cas de besoin
 Activez le WLAN que lorsque vous devez l'utiliser. Si vous disposez d'un réseau
câblé, vous utiliserez rarement votre WLAN. Dans ce cas, il est recommandé de
désactiver le WLAN. Si vous disposez d'un seul ordinateur, vous devez absolument
le désactiver.
 Toutefois, si vous avez besoin d'une connexion sans fil à un moment donné, vous
pouvez le réactiver en quelques clics.
 
1. Cliquez sur Démarrer/Panneau de configuration. Dans le Panneau de confi-
guration, ouvrez l'icône Connexions réseau.
 
2. Une nouvelle fenêtre s'affiche avec les connexions réseau actuelles. Choisissez
votre connexion WLAN et cliquez dessus avec le bouton droit de la souris. Un
menu contextuel s'affiche. Sélectionnez la commande Désactiver.

--- Page 91 ---
Connexion des périphériques USB et FireWire    
27
 
 La carte de communication sans fil est toujours
présente, mais elle n'enverra plus et ne recevra plus
de données. Si vous voulez utiliser le WLAN ultérieu-
rement, effectuez de nouveau les opérations
ci-dessus, puis choisissez Activer dans le menu.
2.4 Connexion des périphériques USB
et FireWire
 
 Remarque sur les ports matériels
 Les ports et les connecteurs de votre ordinateur Targa peuvent être différents
tant en termes de fonctionnalité que de conception !
 
 Périphériques USB
Les ordinateurs et les périphériques actuels sont couramment dotés de ports USB.
Pour disposer d'une vitesse de transmission de données optimales, votre ordinateur
est doté d'un port USB 2.0. Tous les périphériques compatibles communiqueront
plus rapidement qu'avec l'ancienne norme USB 1.0 ou USB 1.1.  Toutefois, la
norme USB 2.0 offre une totale compatibilité descendante avec les normes USB
1.0 et USB 1.1, ce qui implique que vous pouvez toujours utiliser les périphériques
existants qui ne prennent en charge que la norme USB 1.1. Aucune configuration

--- Page 92 ---
28
    Configuration avancée et gestion
spéciale n'est nécessaire du fait que l'interface détecte automatiquement les péri-
phériques connectés et effectue automatiquement les réglages en fonction de la
norme correspondante.
Le port USB prend en charge le mode Plug & Play et l'insertion et le retrait à chaud.
Plug & Play implique que l'ordinateur détecte les périphériques automatiquement et
installe un pilote universel. Parfois, pour des périphériques très spécifiques, tels
que des imprimantes, il est recommandé d'utiliser le pilote fourni par le fabricant. En
règle générale, ce pilote offre une plus grande fonctionnalité du fait qu'il a été créé
spécialement pour le périphérique. L'insertion et le retrait à chaud signifie que vous
pouvez connecter de nouveaux périphériques lorsque l'ordinateur est actif. Windows
détecte les périphériques et s'y connecte immédiatement. Toutefois, tous les péri-
phériques ne prennent pas en charge cette fonction. Si un message demande de
redémarrer l'ordinateur, redémarrez-le.
 La liste ci-dessous contient certains des périphériques que vous pouvez connecter
au port USB :
•  disques durs externes
•  appareils photo numériques
•  caméras vidéo numériques
•  imprimantes
•  scanners
•  modems (analogiques/DSL)
•  RNIS (cartes externes, cartes PBX)
•  claviers et souris
•  entre autres
 Périphériques FireWire
L'ordinateur dispose d'un port FireWire, selon le modèle et ses accessoires. Sur de
nombreux périphériques, ce port s'appelle "IEEE 1394". La technologie FireWire
offre un débit de transmission des données très élevé et elle est parfaitement adap-
tée pour les applications qui utilisent de très gros volumes de données, telles que
les appareils photo numériques ou les caméras vidéo numériques. Si vous voulez
utiliser FireWire, vérifiez les ports des périphériques lorsque vous les achetez.
A l'instar du port USB, le port FireWire prend en charge le mode Plug & Play et
l'insertion et le retrait à chaud. En conséquence, il suffit de connecter le périphéri-
que au port ; Windows le détecte automatiquement et installe le pilote correspon-
dant. Toutefois, certains anciens périphériques FireWire ne disposent pas de cette
fonction. Dans ce cas, vous devez connecter le périphérique et redémarrer Windows.
Ensuite, Windows détecte et configure le périphérique.

--- Page 93 ---
Connexion des périphériques USB et FireWire    
29
 Voici des exemples de périphériques FireWire types :
•  caméras vidéo numériques (DVCam, Digital8, par exemple)
•  appareils photo haut de gamme
•  lecteurs externes (lecteur de bande DLT pour la sauvegarde des données, par
exemple)
•  entre autres

--- Page 94 ---
30
    3.  Résolution des incidents, première assistance, questions courantes
3. Résolution des incidents, première
assistance, questions courantes
 Ce PC est un ordinateur de haute qualité. Il est doté des toutes dernières technolo-
giques et a été testé rigoureusement. Toutefois des incidents et des dysfonction-
nements peuvent se produire. Pour restaurer un état fonctionnel de l'ordinateur,
reportez-vous aux informations ci-dessous relatives à l'identification et à la résolu-
tion des incidents les plus courants. En cas d'incident, procédez comme suit :
•  Lisez la section "Résolution des incidents" ci-dessous.
•  Recherchez la solution de l'incident dans le chapitre "Questions courantes" qui
commence à la page 33.
 
 Remarque
 Les dernières questions courantes sont disponibles sur le Bureau sous Infor-
mations sur le fabricant ou sur Internet. Accédez au site www.service.targa.
co.uk pour rechercher les dernières questions courantes et les derniers pilotes
disponibles.
 
•  Reportez-vous au chapitre correspondant de ce manuel.
•  Reportez-vous à la section Restauration du système Windows qui commence à
la page 35.
•  Si l'ordinateur ne redémarre pas ou que des erreurs se produisent lors du
redémarrage, utilisez le logiciel de restauration du CD/DVD EasyInstall (la pro-
cédure commence à la page 39. Ce logiciel vous permet de redémarrer Win-
dows et de restaurer les fichiers système et de restaurer la configuration par
défaut du PC, si nécessaire.
•  Appelez l'assistance technique téléphonique.
3.1  Résolution des incidents
 Si le PC se bloque en cours de fonctionnement ou lors du démarrage, cette situa-
tion peut être consécutive à l'installation récente d'un logiciel. Vous pouvez résou-
dre l'incident comme suit :

--- Page 95 ---
Résolution des incidents    
31
•  Appuyez sur la touche [F8], maintenez-la enfoncée après avoir mis le PC sous
tension et sélectionnez l'option Mode sans échec dans le menu de démarrage.
Cliquez sur Démarrer/Tous les programmes/Accessoires/Outils système/
Restauration du système pour restaurer une configuration fonctionnelle anté-
rieure du système. Si l'incident persiste, essayez toutes les autres options de
restauration.
•  Désinstallez le logiciel que vous avez installé à l'aide de l'option Ajouter ou
supprimer des programmes du Panneau de configuration (vous pouvez égale-
ment effectuer cette opération en mode sans échec).
•  Insérez le CD Windows dans le lecteur de CD et maintenez une touche en-
foncée ([H], par exemple) jusqu'à ce que le programme d'installation de Windows
démarre. Attendez que tous les fichiers soient chargés. Dans l'écran de bien-
venue, appuyez sur la touche [Entrée], acceptez le contrat de licence en appuyant
sur la touché [F8] et appuyez sur la touche [R] pour réparer une installation.
(Il suffit de réinstaller les pilotes depuis le DVD EasyInstall une fois que Win-
dows a été réparé.)
•  Contactez le fabricant du logiciel tiers.
 Si aucun bip ne retentit, le dysfonctionnement matériel ou logiciel peut avoir plu-
sieurs origines. Pour identifier l'origine de l'incident, procédez comme suit :
•  Vérifiez les haut-parleurs en les connectant aux prises jack de sortie arrière et
avant.
•  Vérifiez les haut-parleurs avec un périphérique de sortie audio différent ou
connectez d'autres haut-parleurs (ou un casque) à l'ordinateur.
•  Vérifiez que le pilote de la carte audio est installé et que vous avez sélectionné
la carte comme périphérique audio par défaut. Pour ce faire, ouvrez le Panneau
de configuration, double-cliquez sur Sons et périphériques audio, cliquez sur
l'onglet Audio, puis vérifiez que Realtek Audio est sélectionné comme unité
d'enregistrement et de lecture par défaut.
•  Pour l'unité de lecture standard, cliquez sur le bouton Volume et vérifiez qu'au-
cune case Muet n'est cochée. Définissez un niveau de volume moyen avec les
curseurs de réglage du volume.
•  Depuis le CD EasyInstal, réinstallez le pilote du chipset qui contient le pilote
audio.
•  Contactez notre assistance technique téléphonique.

--- Page 96 ---
32
    3.  Résolution des incidents, première assistance, questions courantes
 Si vous ne parvenez pas à vous connecter à Internet via le modem, l'incident peut
avoir diverses origines. Procédez comme suit pour identifier l'origine de l'incident :
•  Désinstallez le modem en ouvrant le gestionnaire de périphériques accessible
depuis Panneau de configuration/Système/Matériel. Cliquez sur le signe plus
situé à côté de Modems et cliquez avec le bouton droit de la souris pour choisir
la commande Désinstaller. Le modem est supprimé de la liste. Maintenant,
vous pouvez le réinstaller automatiquement en cliquant sur Action/Rechercher
les modifications sur le matériel.
•  Effectuez également un diagnostic depuis le gestionnaire de périphériques.
Double-cliquez sur le modem, ouvrez l'onglet Diagnostics, puis cliquez sur le
bouton Interroger le modem. La première entrée de la liste qui s'affiche doit
correspond à Réussite si le modem fonctionne correctement.
•  Utilisez un câble de modem différent.
•  Veillez à insérer correctement le câble du modem dans le port de modem.
•  Utilisez une autre prise téléphonique murale (opération simple avec un ordina-
teur bloc-notes).
•  Essayez d'accéder à Internet en vous connectant à un fournisseur de services
Internet différent.
•  Etablissez une connexion de test en utilisant un numéro de téléphone normal
(celui de votre téléphone mobile, par exemple) et en cliquant sur Démarrer/
Tous les programmes/Accessoires/Communications/Hyper Terminal.
 Aucune image sur le téléviseur connecté au PC
•  Vous devez redémarrer le PC pour pouvoir détecter le téléviseur comme péri-
phérique d'affichage supplémentaire.
 Si vous envoyez l'image vers le téléviseur via le port de sortie TV et que l'écran du
téléviseur est vierge, procédez comme suit :
•  Vérifiez que vous avez correctement connecté le téléviseur, qu'il est sous
tension et que vous avez sélectionné le canal approprié avant de mettre l'ordi-
nateur sous tension.
•  Activez le port de sortie TV via le logiciel. Cette procédure est expliquée en
détail à la page 7.
 Si l'image affichée sur le téléviseur est monochrome, cela implique que le téléviseur
est à l'origine de l'incident.

--- Page 97 ---
Questions courantes    
33
•  Vérifiez que le téléviseur prend en charge les signaux S-Vidéo : Consultez la
documentation du téléviseur ou contactez le fabricant ou le distributeur du télé-
viseur.
•  Lorsque vous utilisez un câble S-Vidéo, remplacez-le par un câble composite
standard (connecteur Euro Cinch).
•  Utilisez l'adaptateur S-Vidéo-Composite approprié au lieu de l'adaptateur
normal.
•  Testez l'ordinateur avec un téléviseur différent dont vous êtes sûr qu'il prend en
charge les signaux S-Vidéo.
3.2  Questions courantes
 Où puis-je trouver des pièces de rechange et des accessoires ?
 Vous pouvez vous procurer auprès de Targa un grand nombre de pièces de re-
change et d'accessoires pour le PC. Une liste détaillée et des informations com-
plémentaires sont disponibles sur le site
  http://www.targa-online.com
 Information sur les pilotes, les questions courantes et le manuel
 Pour régler de manière optimale tous les composants de l'ordinateur Targa, instal-
lez toujours les derniers pilotes disponibles. Vous pouvez les télécharger gratuite-
ment depuis le site Web des services Targa.
 Le site contient également des questions courantes supplémentaires ainsi que ce
manuel qui est disponible dans le format PDF et que vous pouvez afficher dans
Adobe Acrobat Reader. Acrobat Reader dispose d'une fonction de recherche
pratique à laquelle vous pouvez accéder via Edition/Rechercher pour rechercher
aisément les informations et l'aide appropriées.
 Le portail des services Targa est accessible à l'adresse
  http://www.service.targa.co.uk
 Le retrait du scellé entraîne-t-il la nullité de la garantie ?
 Solution : Si vous retirez le scellé du châssis, vous ne serez pas couvert par la
garantie si des composants manquent (dans ce cas, vous ne pouvez pas les
demander). Avertissement : Lorsque vous endommagez des composants lors de
l'installation de périphériques tiers, la garantie ne couvre pas ces composants.

--- Page 98 ---
34
    3.  Résolution des incidents, première assistance, questions courantes
 Pourquoi la taille de disque dur indiquée par l'ordinateur est-elle plus petite
que celle indiquée dans les spécifications (298 Go au lieu de 320 Go, par
exemple) ?
Réponse : Cela s'explique par le fait que cette valeur est calculée à partir d'unités
différentes. D'après les calculs du fabricant du disque dur, un kilo-octet (Ko) équi-
vaut à 1 000 octets, alors qu'un kilo-octet équivaut en réalité à 1 024 octets. Ainsi,
par exemple, d'après les calculs du fabricant, un disque dur de
320 000 000 000 d'octets a une taille de 320 Go, car ils sont toujours divisibles
par 1 000.
La taille réelle est pourtant la suivante :
320 000 000 000 d'octets / 1 024 = 312 500 000 Ko
312 500 000 Ko / 1 024 = 305 175,78125 Mo
305 175,78125 Mo / 1 024 = 298,023223876953 Go
 En arrondissant ce chiffre, vous obtenez une taille de 298 Go. Windows affiche ce
chiffre comme la taille du support complet (dans l'Explorateur, par exemple).
 Comment activer/désactiver la fonction Autorun des CD-ROM dans
Windows XP ?
 Solution : Cliquez sur Démarrer/Exécuter et tapez "regedit". Recherchez la clé
HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\System\CurrentControlSet \Services\Cdrom, puis
l'entrée Autorun. Double-cliquez sur l'entrée pour modifier la valeur :
  1 = activée 0 = désactivée
 Une fois la valeur modifiée, vous devez redémarrer l'ordinateur.
 Informations générales sur les mises à jour du BIOS et du microprogramme
•  Utilisez uniquement les versions du BIOS et du microprogramme qui se trouvent
sur le site Web des services (www.service.targa.co.uk).
•  N'utilisez jamais des versions tierces du BIOS ou du microprogramme afin de ne
pas rendre nulle la garantie.
•  Vérifiez que la mise à jour correspond à votre modèle et n'utilisez que des
mises à jour du BIOS et du microprogramme validées.
•  Lisez toujours le fichier readme.txt.

--- Page 99 ---
Si le système ne fonctionne plus du tout – Restauration du système    
35
 Comment mettre à jour le BIOS ?
 Solution : Recherchez la page de services appropriée sur le site http://www.service.
targa.co.uk en entrant le numéro de série ou recherchez le modèle du PC Targa.
Ouvrez l'onglet Downloads et téléchargez le fichier ZIP qui contient la dernière
version du BIOS. Décompressez le fichier ZIP et suivez les instructions du fichier
Readme.txt.
3.3 Si le système ne fonctionne plus du tout –
Restauration du système
 Les ordinateurs sont des appareils très dynamiques. Mais des situations imprévues
peuvent survenir ou un paramètre peut provoquer un dysfonctionnement. En consé-
quence, Windows devient soudainement instable ou ne fonctionne pas correcte-
ment. Dans ce cas, vous disposez de l'outil Restauration du système de XP.
 Ce programme est en quelque sorte un outil de sauvegarde des fichiers système
Windows. Il copie tous les fichiers de configuration et de paramètres lors d'une
période de fonctionnement normale. Si l'ordinateur ne fonctionne pas correctement
par la suite, vous pouvez restaurer l'état sauvegardé antérieur en quelques clics.
 Pour ramener l'ordinateur dans un état de fonctionnement correct, utilisez la fonc-
tion Restauration du système. Notez que cet outil ne sauvegarde que les paramè-
tres Windows les plus importants. Le système Windows et vos données personnel-
les sont exclus de la sauvegarde automatique et vous devez donc les sauvegarder
manuellement.
 Création d'un point de restauration
 La fonction Restauration du système fonctionne automatiquement et crée des
points de restauration. Toutefois, vous pouvez créer vous-même des points de
restauration. En cas de dysfonctionnement, vous pouvez restaurer aisément le
dernier état sauvegardé.
 
1.
 Cliquez sur Démarrer/Tous les programmes/Accessoires/Outils système/
Restauration du système pour ouvrir la fenêtre principale Restauration du sys-
tème. Sélectionnez l'option Créer un point de restauration. Cliquez sur Suivant
pour continuer.

--- Page 100 ---
36
    3.  Résolution des incidents, première assistance, questions courantes
 
 2. Affectez un nom au nouveau point de restauration. Tapez une brève description
pour identifier la restauration en cas d'urgence (Installation complète ou Avant
l'installation du programme XYZ, par exemple). Cliquez sur Suivant pour passer
à l'étape suivante.
 
3. A ce stade, le programme va enregistrer les fichiers système les plus impor-
tants. Cette procédure peut prendre un certain temps selon la quantité de données
et la vitesse de traitement de l'ordinateur. Lorsque la sauvegarde est terminée, une
fenêtre s'affiche. La sauvegarde est terminée. Cliquez sur Fermer pour quitter le
programme, puis sur Démarrage pour revenir à la fenêtre d'accueil de la restaura-
tion du système.
 Restauration du système en utilisant des points de
restauration
 Si Windows ne fonctionne pas correctement, vous pouvez restaurer un état anté-
rieur et permettre à l'ordinateur de fonctionner de nouveau normalement en utilisant
des points de restauration. Si Windows ne redémarre toujours pas, lancez le pro-
gramme comme vous le faites habituellement depuis le menu Démarrer. Dans
certains cas spécifiques, vous pouvez également exécuter la procédure de restau-
ration en mode sans échec (à savoir, si Windows ne parvient pas à démarrer sans
problèmes majeurs).

--- Page 101 ---
Si le système ne fonctionne plus du tout – Restauration du système    
37
 Restauration du système dans des conditions de fonctionnement normales
 Lorsque vous ne parvenez pas à lancer des applications et que des messages
d'erreurs ou autres s'affichent, dans la plupart des cas, Windows fonctionne tou-
jours normalement. Vous pouvez lancer le programme de restauration du système
dans des conditions de fonctionnement normales.
 
1. Pour ce faire, cliquez sur Démarrer/Tous les programmes/Accessoires/
Outils système/Restauration du système. Sélectionnez l'option Restaurer mon
ordinateur à une heure antérieure. Cliquez sur Suivant pour accéder à la fenêtre
suivante.
 
 2. Cette fenêtre contient un calendrier. Les jours où vous avez créé un point de
restauration apparaissent en gras. La zone de droite contient les différents points
de restauration et leur description. Les points de restauration créés automatique-
ment tous les jours s'appellent toujours Point de vérification système. Sélection-
nez la sauvegarde appropriée, puis cliquez sur Suivant pour accéder à la fenêtre
suivante.
 
3. Une fenêtre avec un message d'avertissement vous demande de fermer les
programmes ouverts avant d'effectuer la restauration. Fermez les programmes
ouverts. La fenêtre suivante contient de nouveau les informations relatives au point
de restauration que vous avez sélectionné.

--- Page 102 ---
38
    3.  Résolution des incidents, première assistance, questions courantes
 
 Si vous ne vous souvenez plus du choix que vous avez fait, cliquez sur Précédent
pour revenir au calendrier dans lequel vous pouvez sélectionner un point différent.
Si vous voulez annuler la procédure de restauration complètement, cliquez sur
Annuler. Cliquez sur Suivant pour lancer la procédure de réparation.
 
4. Une fois la procédure lancée, Windows reste occupé un moment, puis redé-
marre l'ordinateur et règle la configuration actuelle. La restauration du système est
confirmée ; cliquez sur OK pour accepter.
 Restauration du système en mode sans échec
 Si Windows connaît un problème plus grave qui l'empêche de démarrer normale-
ment, essayez de le charger en mode sans échec. Il s'agit d'un mode d'urgence qui
charge une configuration minimale stable (dans la plupart des cas).
 
1. En premier lieu, vous devez redémarrer manuellement l'ordinateur. Après
l'affichage des messages POST habituels de mise sous tension, l'ordinateur charge
Windows. Appuyez rapidement sur la touche [F8] et maintenez-la enfoncée.
 
2. Un menu de démarrage s'affiche. Utilisez les touches de déplacement du
curseur pour sélectionner le mode sans échec, puis appuyez sur [Entrée]. Cette
procédure doit être effectuée rapidement. Le menu contient également une minute-
rie qui lance le mode normal après un certain délai.

--- Page 103 ---
Restauration du système à l'aide du logiciel de restauration du système    
39
 3. Windows démarre en mode sans échec. Du fait que l'ordinateur ne charge que
les pilotes et les composants nécessaires, un grand écran s'affiche avec des
couleurs inhabituelles. Cette situation est normale.
 
4. Lancez le programme de restauration depuis le menu Démarrer et exécutez la
procédure de réparation. Le programme fonctionne exactement comme décrit
précédemment. Toutefois, il vous permet uniquement de restaurer le système ou
d'annuler une restauration antérieure. Il ne vous permet pas de créer des points de
restauration. Ensuite, redémarrez Windows normalement ou effectuer d'autres
réglages ou corrections.
3.4 Restauration du système à l'aide du logiciel
de restauration du système
 Le CD/DVD EasyInstall fourni avec l'ordinateur Targa PC contient un tout nouveau
programme de restauration qui permet de restaurer progressivement l'état de
fonctionnement normal du PC. Le programme contient quatre options:
•  Restaurer uniquement les fichiers de démarrage
•  Restaurer les fichiers système
•  Restaurer tous les fichiers (Conserve les fichiers utilisateurs intacts)
•  Compléter la restauration (tous les fichiers seront supprimés)
 Si le PC ne démarre pas ou démarre en créant des erreurs, insérez le CD/DVD
dans le lecteur de CD/DVD et redémarrez l'ordinateur.
 
1. Un message d'avertissement s'affiche pour indiquer que des données peuvent
être perdues. Cliquez sur le bouton Exécuter le programme.

--- Page 104 ---
40
    3.  Résolution des incidents, première assistance, questions courantes
 
 2. Lors de l'étape suivante, vous pouvez choisir entre les quatre options mention-
nées ci-dessus.
 
 3. Si vous ne parvenez pas à démarrer Windows, essayez d'abord l'option
Restaurer uniquement les fichiers de démarrage.

--- Page 105 ---
Restauration du système à l'aide du logiciel de restauration du système    
41
 4. Si des fichiers système Windows posent des problèmes que vous ne pouvez
pas résoudre en exécutant le programme de restauration Windows (comme indiqué
à la page 35), essayez la deuxième option Restaurer les fichiers système.
 
5. Si l'ordinateur ne démarre toujours pas après avoir exécuté ces procédures,
essayez la troisième option Restaurer tous les fichiers (Conserve les fichiers
utilisateurs intacts). Les fichiers utilisateur sont conservés dès lors qu'ils ont été
enregistrés dans les dossiers utilisateur prédéfinis.
 
6. Sélectionnez la dernière option Compléter la restauration (tous les fichiers
seront supprimés) que si cette option échoue. Notez que cette procédure efface
complètement les données du PC. Utilisez cette option pour restaurer la configura-
tion par défaut du logiciel.
 
 Important !
 Notez que cette procédure restaure la configuration par défaut de l'ordinateur.
Elle efface toutes les données du disque dur (sous Windows, disque C:). Pour
éviter cela, quittez le logiciel de restauration et sauvegardez d'abord vos don-
nées personnelles (sur un CD ou un DVD, par exemple). Une fois toutes vos
données sauvegardées, réalisez à nouveau cette étape.
 
 7. Lancez la procédure de restauration en cliquant sur le bouton Démarrage.

--- Page 106 ---
42
    3.  Résolution des incidents, première assistance, questions courantes
 8. Cliquez sur le bouton OK pour confirmer le
message d'avertissement dans la fenêtre suivante.
 
 
9. La procédure de restauration
démarre. Elle peut prendre un
certain temps. Vous pouvez
identifier son état d'avancement
dans la barre d'avancement.
 
 
 Important !
 N'éteignez jamais l'ordinateur lorsque la procédure de restauration est en cours
d'exécution. N'interrompez jamais la procédure !
 
 10. Une fois la restauration
terminée, cliquez sur Redé-
marrer l'ordinateur.

--- Page 107 ---
Activation, enregistrement et numéro de série    
43
Activation, enregistrement et numéro
de série
 Informations générales
 Tous les programmes fournis sont pré-installés sur l'ordinateur et prêts à l'emploi.
Toutefois, si vous devez réinstaller un programme, utilisez l'Assistant Installation.
Avec vos informations personnelles (facultatives) vous devez entrer une clé, un
numéro de série, un code de licence ou un code d'activation. Cette clé figure dans
l'emballage de l'ordinateur et se trouve dans différents emplacements, notamment :
•  à l'arrière ou en haut de l'ordinateur
•  sur le CD/DVD
•  sur la face avant ou arrière du couvercle du CD/DVD
 Un logiciel est généralement constitué d'un support d'installation (CD/DVD/dis-
quette), d'un contrat de licence (figurant dans le manuel ou sur le support d'installa-
tion) et de la clé d'installation. Conservez tous les documents, papiers, preuves ou
reçus fournis avec le PC. car ils peuvent contenir des informations importantes dont
vous pouvez avoir besoin plus tard.
 Contrat de licence
 Un contrat de licence logicielle indique comment vous êtes autorisé à utiliser le
logiciel. Il couvre des différences majeures entre le client/utilisateur et le fabricant.
Alors que le client/utilisateur pense qu'il a acheté le logiciel (a acquis sa propriété),
le fabricant stipule uniquement que le client a le droit d'"utiliser" le logiciel sous
certaines conditions. Généralement, le logiciel ne peut être utilisé qu'avec l'ordina-
teur que vous avez acheté. Son utilisation commerciale peut être également limitée.
En outre, le logiciel ne peut être utilisé pour contrôler des machines ou développer
ou fabriquer des armes. Un autre aspect est la responsabilité du fabricant.
 Si vous n'acceptez pas tous les termes du contrat de licence, vous n'êtes pas
autorisé à utiliser le logiciel. Parfois, des termes du contrat de licence ne sont pas
totalement légaux. Dans ce cas, le terme peut être nul et vous n'y êtes pas tenu.
 Le contrat de licence peut réserver le droit de retourner le logiciel lorsque vous
n'acceptez pas les termes. Notez que cela fait référence à un retour du produit au
fabricant et non à son remboursement par le distributeur. Vous devez contacter le
fabricant du logiciel pour lui indiquer que vous voulez retourner le logiciel. Du fait
que le système informatique entre dans le cadre d'un produit global, le rembourse-
ment d'un composant et d'un composant logiciel est exclu de cette offre. Aucune
comparaison de prix ne peut être effectuée et aucun remboursement n'est donc
possible.

--- Page 108 ---
44
    Activation, enregistrement et numéro de série
 Clés, codes et numéros de série
 Le système est identifié par des clés, des codes et des numéros de série uniques.
Ces informations font référence aux composants fournis avec l'ordinateur et sont
enregistrées avec toutes les autres informations de l'ordinateur par le fabricant.
 Pour les composants logiciels, elles font partie d'une fonction de sécurité qui permet
de protéger le logiciel contre la copie illégale ou incontrôlée. C'est la raison pour
laquelle il existe différents étiquettes et scellés qui permettent de vérifier l'authenti-
cité du produit et à l'acheteur de ces codes d'utiliser le logiciel authentique.
 Enregistrement et activation du produit
 En enregistrant le produit logiciel vous indiquez que vous disposez d'une licence et
que vous avez accepté le contrat de licence. En conséquence, aucune autre per-
sonne ne peut utiliser simultanément la licence. L'enregistrement d'un produit n'est
pas obligatoire, mais la plupart des fabricants permettent à leurs clients d'enregis-
trer les produits avec leurs nom et adresse. Les informations personnelles que vous
fournissez sont normalement utilisées pour vous signaler l'existence des dernières
versions des produits et des programmes.
 Il existe également une procédure d'activation. L'activation des produits a été
introduite par Microsoft ; elle active les fonctions initialement restreintes pour vous
permettre d'utiliser l'ensemble des fonctions du produit et de manière illimitée.
Il s'agit donc d'une étape importante qui va bien au-delà de l'enregistrement.
L'activation d'un produit est une procédure de protection qui réduit le caractère
privé du logiciel. Elle protège également le consommateur contre l'utilisation de
logiciels illégaux. Les personnes qui utilisent des logiciels illégaux s'exposent non
seulement à des risques, mais affectent également l'économie mondiale.

--- Page 109 ---
Sécurité    
45
Sécurité
 EMC et réglementations de sécurité
 Ce périphérique est conforme aux normes EN 55022, EN 55024, EN 61000-3-2,
EN 61000-3-3 et EN 60950. Les appareils à radiofréquence inclus, par ex. WLAN,
sont conformes à la directive R&TTE (1999/5/EG, ETSI EN 300 328, EN 301489-1,
EN 301489-17). Le téléviseur fourni est conforme aux normes EN 55013 et
EN 55020.
 Toute modification de l'équipement autre que celles recommandées par le fabricant
entraîne la non-conformité à ces réglementations. Afin d'assurer la compatibilité
électromagnétique (EMC) de cet appareil, veuillez suivre les instructions indiquées
dans ce manuel d'utilisation.
 Remarque à l'attention de l'utilisateur
 Cet équipement a été testé et jugé conforme aux limites autorisées concernant la
suppression d'interférences. Si vous utilisez des câbles de signaux externes,
respectez les instructions suivantes : Lorsque vous remplacez l'un des câbles de
signaux fournis par le fabricant, assurez-vous que les consignes concernant la
compatibilité électromagnétique sont bien respectées. Les caractéristiques de
blindage de tous les câbles de remplacement doivent être au minimum équivalen-
tes à celles des câbles d'origine. N'utilisez que des câbles blindés et connectez
uniquement des dispositifs dont les standards EMC et standards de sécurité sont
identiques à ceux du produit.
 Le non-respect de ces points entraîne le non-respect des réglementations.
•  Avertissement : ce périphérique appartient à la classe de sécurité 1 et doit
uniquement être connecté à une prise de courant disposant d'une mise à la
terre sécurisée.
•  Installez l'ordinateur de façon à ne pas gêner l'accès à la prise de courant afin
de pouvoir débrancher rapidement le câble d'alimentation en cas d'urgence.
Pour éviter tout risque d'incendie, l'appareil doit toujours être débranché de la
prise de courant si vous ne l'utilisez pas pendant une période prolongée (en
vacances, par exemple). En cas d'orage ou de foudre, débranchez l'appareil de
l'alimentation secteur.
Utilisation correcte
Par défaut, la configuration de ce produit n'a pas été conçue à des fins de sauve-
tage, de secourisme ou médicales. Il peut être utilisé pour des applications domes-

--- Page 110 ---
46
    Sécurité
tiques, de bureau ou de petite entreprise (selon les directives EN 61000-6-1 / EN
61000-6-3). Cela inclut entre autres les jeux, les programmes de communication et
les applications de bureau.
Il a été conçu pour être utilisé en intérieur et dans des climats modérés. Utilisez
uniquement des câbles de connexion et périphériques externes conformes aux
normes de sécurité, de compatibilité électromagnétique et de blindage de l'appareil.
Cet appareil satisfait à toutes les normes de conformité CE et autres normes et
standards pertinents. Toute modification apportée à l'équipement et qui ne serait
pas expressément approuvée par le fabricant irait à l'encontre de ces directives.
Utilisez uniquement les accessoires recommandés par le fabricant.
Targa ne pourra pas être tenu responsable des dommages causés par une utilisa-
tion autre de l'ordinateur
.
Environnement de fonctionnement
Installez l'appareil sur une surface plane et stable. Ne placez aucun objet (lourd)
dessus.
L'appareil n'a pas été conçu pour fonctionner dans des environnements poussié-
reux, exposés à de fortes températures ou à une forte humidité (salles de bain, par
exemple).
Température et humidité de fonctionnement : 10 °C à 35 °C, HR max. de 85 %.
Prenez également les précautions suivantes :
•  Assurez une ventilation suffisante (ne placez pas l'appareil sur une étagère, un
tapis épais, un lit ou en tout autre lieu pouvant bloquer les orifices de ventilation)
et réservez un espace d'au moins 10 cm de chaque côté de l'appareil.
•  N'exposez pas l'appareil à des sources de chaleur directes (radiateurs, par
exemple).
•  N'exposez pas l'appareil à la lumière directe du soleil ou à une lumière artificielle
trop intense.
•  Évitez d'éclabousser l'appareil et d'y renverser de l'eau ou des liquides abrasifs.
N'utilisez jamais l'appareil à proximité de sources d'eau et ne le plongez jamais
dans des liquides. Ne placez pas d'objets remplis de liquides, comme des vases
ou des boissons, près de l'appareil.
•  Ne placez pas l'appareil à proximité de champs magnétiques (haut-parleurs, par
exemple).
•  Ne placez pas de sources incandescentes (bougies, par exemple) à proximité
ou sur l'appareil.

--- Page 111 ---
Sécurité    
47
•  N'introduisez pas de corps étrangers dans l'appareil.
•  L'appareil ne doit pas être soumis à des changements brusques de température
qui risqueraient de créer de la condensation, et par conséquent, de l'humidité.
•  Évitez les vibrations et chocs excessifs.
•  Utilisez uniquement des prises de courant avec mise à la terre.
Piles classiques et rechargeables
Utilisez uniquement les piles classiques et rechargeables d'un même type ou
recommandées par le fabricant. Insérez les piles dans le compartiment correspon-
dant en respectant la polarité indiquée. N'utilisez jamais de piles classiques ou
rechargeables de types différents (par exemple, des piles neuves et usagées, des
piles alcalines et carbone, ou encore des piles classiques et rechargeables ensem-
ble).
Ne tentez jamais de recharger des piles classiques (non rechargeables).
Les piles rechargeables et classiques ne doivent en aucun cas être démontées ou
brûlées. Une mauvaise manipulation comporte un risque d'explosion. Conservez
les piles hors de portée des enfants.
Retirez les piles lorsque vous n'utilisez pas l'appareil pendant une période prolon-
gée. Une utilisation incorrecte comporte un risque d'explosion ou de danger de
mort.
 Respectez l'environnement ! Les piles usagées (rechargeables ou non) ne doivent
pas être jetées avec les ordures ménagères. Elles doivent être déposées dans un
point de collecte spécialement habilité à cet effet.
 Laser (avertissement de sécurité)
Ce dispositif contient un système laser et est classifié comme un "appareil laser de
Classe 1". Reportez-vous aux instructions d'utilisation et lisez-les attentivement
pour pouvoir utiliser correctement votre équipement. Conservez ces instructions
pour un usage ultérieur. En cas de problème avec votre PC, veuillez contacter un
personnel de maintenance ou de service après-vente qualifié. Pour ne pas entrer
en contact directement avec le rayon laser, n'ouvrez pas le boîtier des lecteurs
optiques, tels que le graveur DVD-ROM ou DVD.
ATTENTION! Des radiations laser sont émises lorsque le panneau de
protection du boîtier est ôté !

--- Page 112 ---
48
    Sécurité
 Cet équipement peut contenir des dispositifs appartenant aux Classes laser 1 à 3B.
Lorsque le boîtier de protection est fermé, l'équipement est conforme aux caracté-
ristiques des appareils laser de Classe 1. Lorsque l'équipement est ouvert, des
appareils laser de la Classe 1 à 3B sont exposés. Ce type de radiation laser est
présent dans les lecteurs optiques. Quand vous quittez ou bien ouvrez l'un de ces
lecteurs, vous devez respecter les consignes suivantes :
•  Ne regardez jamais directement le rayon laser, même avec des appareils
optiques ou autres instruments.
•  Ne vous exposez pas au rayon laser.
•  N'exposez pas non plus vos yeux ni votre peau à des radiations directes ou
indirectes (réflexion / réfraction).
 Les lecteurs optiques installés ne contiennent aucun élément que vous pouvez
réparer vous-même. Seul le fabricant est autorisé à effectuer les réparations ou
opérations de maintenance nécessaires sur ces lecteurs.
Consignes de sécurité importantes
•  Conservez les appareils électriques hors de portée des enfants.
•  Ne laissez pas les enfants jouer avec des appareils électriques sans sur-
veillance. Ils ne sont généralement pas conscients des risques encourus.
•  Les piles, rechargeables ou non, comportent un risque potentiel d'étouffement.
Conservez les piles hors de portée des enfants. En cas d'ingestion accidentelle,
consultez rapidement un médecin.
•  Conservez l'emballage hors de portée des enfants afin d'éviter tout risque
d'asphyxie.
•  Si vous reliez cet appareil à une installation d'antenne, celui-ci doit être relié à la
terre par un technicien qualifié afin d'assurer une protection efficace contre les
surtensions et les décharges électrostatiques.
•  N'ouvrez pas votre ordinateur ! Toute modification ou réparation de matériel doit
être effectuée par un personnel de maintenance ou des techniciens autorisés.
•  Votre ordinateur contient une pile au lithium. Son remplacement doit être effec-
tué par un personnel de maintenance autorisé.
•  Pour retirer un câble, tirez toujours sur sa fiche et non sur le câble lui-même.
Ne manipulez jamais le câble d'alimentation avec des mains mouillées. Vous
risqueriez de provoquer un court-circuit ou de vous électrocuter. Ne placez pas
d'objets lourds, de meubles ou l'appareil lui-même sur le câble et veillez à ne
pas emmêler le câble, notamment au niveau de la fiche et des prises. Ne faites
pas de nœuds avec le câble et ne le reliez pas à d'autres câbles. Tous les

--- Page 113 ---
Sécurité    
49
câbles doivent être placés de façon à ne pas gêner ni trébucher dessus. Un
câble endommagé comporte un risque d'incendie ou d'électrocution. Vérifiez
régulièrement l'état du câble d'alimentation. N'utilisez jamais d'adaptateurs ou
de rallonges non conformes aux normes de sécurité en vigueur dans votre pays
et ne modifiez aucun câble d'alimentation ou autre installation électrique.
•  La réparation est nécessaire lorsque l'appareil a été endommagé d'une façon ou
d'une autre ; par exemple, si la carcasse ou le câble d'alimentation est endom-
magé, si du liquide ou des objets ont pénétré dans l'appareil, si ce dernier a été
exposé à la pluie ou à l'humidité, s'il ne fonctionne pas normalement ou s'il est
tombé. En présence de fumée, bruit ou odeur inhabituel, éteignez immédiate-
ment l'appareil et débranchez-le de la prise de courant. Si le cas se présente,
vous devez immédiatement cesser d'utiliser l'appareil et le faire réviser par un
personnel de maintenance autorisé. Contactez un personnel qualifié lorsqu'une
réparation est nécessaire. Ne retirez jamais la carcasse de l'appareil ni le boîtier
de l'adaptateur secteur ou des accessoires. Vous risqueriez de vous électrocu-
ter et mettre votre vie en danger.
•  Utilisez uniquement un chiffon propre et sec pour le nettoyage.
•  Lorsque vous connectez des périphériques, assurez-vous que les câbles ne
sont pas trop courts et qu'ils ne tirent pas sur les connecteurs.
•  L'ordinateur stockera toutes vos données sur un support magnétique. Mainte-
nez par conséquent votre ordinateur éloigné de toute source génératrice de
champs magnétiques et électromagnétiques.
Instructions de sécurité supplémentaires pour les
appareils avec réseau local sans fil
Votre ordinateur dispose d’un appareil avec réseau sans fil. Par conséquent, vous
devez lire et suivre ces instructions de sécurité lorsque vous travaillez avec votre
ordinateur :
•  Lorsque vous vous trouvez dans un hôpital, une zone de chirurgie ou près d’un
appareil médical électronique, éteignez l’adaptateur sans fil de votre ordinateur !
Les signaux de radiofréquence peuvent interférer avec la fonctionnalité de
l'équipement médical.
•  Placez l’ordinateur à au moins 20 cm des stimulateurs cardiaques, car les
signaux de radiofréquence peuvent interférer avec la fonctionnalité du stimula-
teur cardiaque.
•  Les signaux de radiofréquence transmis peuvent provoquer des interférences
pour les prothèses auditives.

--- Page 114 ---
50
    Sécurité
•  Ne placez pas l’ordinateur avec l’adaptateur sans fil allumé près de gaz inflam-
mables ou dans une zone sensible aux explosions, car les signaux de radiofré-
quence transmis peuvent déclencher des explosions ou un incendie.
•  L’étendue des signaux de radiofréquence dépend des conditions environne-
mentales.
•  Lors de la transmission de données sans fil, il est possible que des parties non
autorisées reçoivent des données.
TARGA GmbH ne sera pas tenu responsable des interférences provoquées sur les
signaux de radiofréquence ou du téléviseur dues à une modification non autorisée
de ce périphérique. De plus, TARGA ne sera pas responsable du remplacement
des câbles ou des périphériques qui n’ont pas été spécifiquement approuvés par
TARGA GmbH. L’utilisateur est l’unique responsable concernant le dépannage des
interférences provoquées par une modification non autorisée du périphérique et le
remplacement des appareils.
Marquage de conformité pour les périphériques avec
réseau local sans fil
Ce périphérique est conforme à la directive 1999/5/EG du Parlement et du Conseil
européen en date du 9 mars 1999 pour l’équipement de radio et de télécommuni-
cations et répond à la conformité et à l’immunité mutuelle.
Sécurité
Cet ordinateur peut être utilisé en Belgique, au Danemark, en Allemagne,
en Finlande, en France, en Grèce, en Grande-Bretagne, en Irlande, en Italie,
au Luxembourg, aux Pays-Bas, en Autriche, au Portugal, en Suède, en Suisse,
en Espagne, en Islande, au Liechtenstein et en Norvège.
Pour obtenir des informations sur les éventuelles restrictions de fonctionnement,
veuillez contacter l'autorité du pays concerné. Si votre pays n’est pas répertorié ici,
veuillez contacter l’autorité légale concernée afin de savoir si vous pouvez utiliser
ce produit dans votre pays.
Belgique – www.bipt.be Pays-Bas – www.opta.nl
Danemark – www.tst.dk Autriche – www.rtr.at
Allemagne – www.regtp.de Portugal – www.urt.gov.pt
Finlande – www.fi cora.fi Suède – www.pts.se
France – www.art-telecom.fr Suisse – www.bakom.ch
Grèce – www.eett.gr Espagne – www.cmt.es

--- Page 115 ---
Sécurité    
51
Angleterre – www.oftel.gov.uk Islande – www.pta.is
Irlande – www.comreg.ie Liechtenstein – www.ak.li
Italie – www.agcom.it Norvège – www.npt.no
Luxembourg – www.etat.lu/ILT
Restrictions
France
Seuls les canaux 10 à 11 ayant une bande de fréquences restreintes (2,457 MHz et
2,462 MHz) peuvent être utilisés en France. Un usage du périphérique à l’extérieur
n'est pas autorisé.
Info : www.art-telecom.fr
Italie
Une licence ministérielle est également requise pour un usage à l’intérieur.
Contactez votre revendeur pour connaître la procédure à suivre.
Un usage du périphérique à l’extérieur n'est pas autorisé.
Info : www.agcom.it
Pays-Bas
Une licence est requise pour un usage à l’extérieur. Contactez votre revendeur pour
connaître la procédure à suivre.
Info : www.opta.nl
Fréquences RF pour périphériques de réseau local
sans fil
Pour obtenir les toutes dernières informations, veuillez contacter l’autorité concer-
née de votre pays (par exemple, www.oftel.gov.uk).
Fréquences
Selon la Norme IEEE 802.11b+g, les adaptateurs de réseau sans fil sont conçus
pour une utilisation sur la bande de fréquences ISM (industrielle, scientifique,
médicale) entre 2,4 et 2,4835 GHz. Etant donné que chacun des 11 canaux dispo-
nibles requiert une bande passante DSSS (Direct Sequence Spread Spectrum) de
22 MHz, trois canaux indépendants au maximum sont disponibles (par exemple, les
canaux 3, 8 et 11). Dans le tableau suivant, vous trouverez les canaux qui peuvent
être utilisés dans chaque pays :

--- Page 116 ---
52
    Sécurité
Canal MHz R&TTE en Europe R&TTE en France
1 2412 X
2 2417 X
3 2422 X
4 2427 X
5 2432 X
6 2437 X
7 2442 X
8 2447 X
9 2452 X
10 2457 X X
11 2462 X X
Règlement – Exclusion de responsabilité
Exclusion de responsabilité pour les périphériques de réseau local sans fil
L’installation et l'exploitation de périphériques de réseau local sans fil doivent être
conformes aux instructions contenues dans le manuel de l’utilisateur. Ce manuel de
l’utilisateur se trouve dans l'emballage du produit. Toutes les modifications appor-
tées au périphérique qui n’ont pas été explicitement approuvées par le fabricant
risquent d’annuler l’autorisation d’exploitation du périphérique. Le fabricant ne sera
pas tenu responsable des interférences dans la réception des signaux de radio et
de télévision résultant de modifications non autorisées sur le périphérique ou du
remplacement ou de l'installation des câbles et des accessoires qui n'ont pas été
explicitement recommandés par le fabricant. L’utilisateur a l’entière responsabilité
de dépanner toutes les interférences existantes résultant de modifications non
autorisées ou du remplacement ou de l’installation de composants. Ni le fabricant,
ni ses revendeurs ou distributeurs agréés ne seront tenus responsables des dom-
mages ou de la violation des lois existantes résultant de la violation de ce règle-
ment.

--- Page 117 ---
Sécurité    
53
Élimination et recyclage des appareils usagés
1. Si le symbole d'une poubelle rayée figure sur un produit, ledit
produit est soumis à la directive européenne 2002/96/EC.
2. Tous les appareils électriques ou électroniques usagés doivent être
déposés dans des centres habilités, et ne doivent en aucun cas
être jetés avec les ordures ménagères.
3. Protégez l'environnement et préservez votre santé en recyclant correctement
les appareils usagés.
4. Pour plus d'informations sur les modalités appropriées d'élimination et de
recyclage, contactez votre administration locale, les points de collecte de dé-
chets les plus proches ou votre distributeur.
Conformité
La déclaration CE de conformité est disponible sur les sites
www.service.targa.de et www.service.targa.co.uk.

--- Page 118 ---
54
    Glossaire
Glossaire
AGP (Accelerated Graphics Port)
Fente de bus la plus courante pour les cartes
graphiques. Quatre vitesses sont disponibles :
1x = 264 Mo/s, 2x = 528 Mo/s, 4x = 1 056
Mo/s, 8x = 2 112 Mo/s
BIOS (Basic Input/Output System)
Programme élémentaire d'un ordinateur,
stocké dans une puce de la carte mère. Il
permet de régler les paramètres de base, tels
que les paramètres du disque dur, l'interface
et les options d'économie d'énergie. Les
paramètres BIOS ont été optimisés en usine
pour une utilisation normale. La modification
de ces paramètres pouvant entraîner un
blocage du système ou des dysfonctionne-
ments, vous devez lire le manuel d'utilisation
ou faire appel à un informaticien.
CD-R
CD vierge inscriptible une seule fois.
CD-RW
CD vierge réinscriptible (1 000 fois environ)
avec un graveur de CD.
UC (Unité Centrale) = Processeur
Le processeur est le coeur d'un ordinateur. Il
est installé dans un connecteur sur la carte
mère. Les UC et la fréquence de l'horloge
sont les principaux éléments qui déterminent
la vitesse de traitement d'un ordinateur.
Les processeurs hautes performances
actuels nécessitent un ventilateur.
DDR-SDRAM (Double Data Rate-
SDRAM)
DDR-SRAM est un type de mémoire très
rapide qui peut transférer deux fois plus de
données qu'une mémoire SDRAM normale.
DirectX
Interface de programmation multimédia
développée par Microsoft. Elle permet aux
programmes, notamment aux jeux vidéo,
d'accéder rapidement aux fonctions graphi-
ques, audio et réseau ainsi qu'aux matériels
des jeux, tels que les manettes ou les
volants.
DSL (Digital Subscriber Line)
Ligne numérique d'abonné pour transférer
des données sur des câbles téléphoniques
conventionnels en utilisant des débits de
transfert de données très élevés. Une con-
nexion DSL est dix fois plus rapide environ
qu'une connexion RNIS. Une connexion DSL
nécessite un modem spécial.
DVD-ROM (Digital Versatile Disc)
Successeur du disque compact avec les
mêmes dimensions, DVD en lecture seule.
Disponible dans différentes capacités :
4,7 Go (DVD-5, une face), 8,6 Go (DVD-9,
une face, deux couches), 9.4 Go (DVD-10,
deux faces), 17 Go (DVD-18, deux faces,
deux couches).
DVD-R
DVD inscriptible une seule fois et lisible de
manière illimitée, d'une capacité de 4,7 Go.
DVD-RW
DVD réinscriptible (1 000 fois environ) et
lisible de manière illimitée, d'une capacité de
4,7 Go.
Ethernet
Ethernet est l'infrastructure réseau la plus
utilisée dans le monde, avec un taux de
transfert de données maximum de 10 ou de
100 Mo/s, pour interconnecter des ordina-
teurs différents.
Pare-feu
Programme intégré au chemin de communi-
cation qui empêche les accès non autorisés
à un PC. Normalement, un pare-feu protége
les communications Internet.
FireWire, iLink, IEEE-1394
IEEE-1394 est un bus série standard qui
permet de transférer rapidement des don-

--- Page 119 ---
Glossaire    
55
nées. FireWire est utilisé couramment dans
les applications vidéo numériques. Le haut
débit de transfert de 400 Mo/s fait de ce bus
un choix idéal pour les données multimédia.
RNIS (Réseau Numérique à
Intégration de Services)
Réseau câblé numérique. La principale
différence avec le réseau téléphonique
analogique réside dans le fait que RNIS
transmet des signaux numériques.
LAN (Local Area Network)
Terme courant désignant un réseau local.
Normalement, aucun accès public n'est
possible.
Réseau
Un réseau est un groupe d'ordinateurs qui
communiquent entre eux. Internet est le plus
grand réseau du monde.
Carte principale (ou carte mère)
La carte principale du PC contient des con-
necteurs de processeurs, des chipsets, des
fentes d'extension, un bus mémoire et diffé-
rentes interfaces vers le monde extérieur.
Modem (Modulateur/Démodulateur)
Le PC utilise le modem pour se connecter au
réseau téléphonique analogique convention-
nel et communiquer avec des ordinateurs
distants ou Internet.
Bus PCI (Peripheral Component
Interconnect)
Dernière technologie de carte d'extension PC
disposant d'un bus de 32 bits et d'une fré-
quence d'horloge de 33 MHz. Il peut transfé-
rer des données à un débit atteignant jusqu'à
132 Mo/s.
Plug & Play ou PnP
Comprenez "Connecter et prêt à l'emploi ".
Technologie informatique dans laquelle les
composants se configurent eux-mêmes.
Windows détecte les cartes d'extension
(cartes réseau ou modems, par exemple)
automatiquement et exécute tous les régla-
ges nécessaires.
SPDIF
SPDIF est l'acronyme de "Sony/Philips
Digital Interface". Correspond à une con-
nexion câblée standard pour les données
audio numériques, définie par Sony et Philips.
En utilisant un câble et un connecteur SPDIF,
vous pouvez transférer de la musique entre
deux périphériques audio. Si cette interface
est disponible, vous devez utiliser le câble
SPDIF fourni.
USB (Universal Serial Bus)
Acronyme de "Universal Serial Bus". USB est
une interface simple, mais universelle pour
pratiquement tous les types de périphériques
(des souris, des claviers,  des manettes de
jeu aux scanners, modems, mémoires USB
(memory sticks), appareils photo numériques
et lecteurs MP3).
Câble/connecteur VGA
VGA est l'acronyme de Video Graphics
Adapter qui correspond à la carte graphique
de l'ordinateur. Par analogie, tous les com-
posants nécessaires à l'affichage d'une
image s'appellent des composants VGA.
WHQL (Microsoft Windows Hardware
Quality Labs)
Norme de certification des matériels créée
par Microsoft pour effectuer des tests en
fonction de divers critères (compatibilité,
configuration, etc.) dans les laboratoires
précités.
Si le produit répond à ces critères, il reçoit la
certification "Microsoft WHQL approved" et il
est donc certifié pour être utilisé avec Win-
dows. Tous les PC et les ordinateurs bloc-
notes Targa respectent ces critères de
qualité.
WLAN – Wireless LAN
WLAN est l'acronyme de Wireless LAN qui
signifie "réseau sans fil".

--- Page 120 ---
56
    Index
Index
Accès Internet  ............................................... 16
Accès réseau à distance
informations générales  ............................. 13
Internet  ..................................................... 13
mot de passe ............................................ 16
nom d'utilisateur  ....................................... 16
Accessoires ................................................... 33
Assistant Configuration du réseau  ................ 18
BIOS .............................................................. 34
Câble croisé  .................................................. 18
Câble de remplacement  ................................ 18
Carte graphique
résolution .................................................... 7
sortie TV  ..................................................... 8
Cartes Compact Flash ................................... 11
Cartes mémoire, retrait .................................. 12
Cartes SD ...................................................... 11
CD-ROM
position de parking  ..................................... 6
Connexion à un téléviseur ............................... 8
Connexion directe  ......................................... 18
Cryptage, WLAN  ........................................... 25
Détection auto, USB ...................................... 28
DVD-ROM
position de parking  ..................................... 6
Ecran, résolution  ............................................. 7
FireWire
IEEE 1394  ................................................ 28
insertion et retrait à chaud ........................ 28
Plug & Play ............................................... 28
Groupe de travail ........................................... 20
IEEE 1394 ..................................................... 28
Insertion et retrait à chaud
FireWire .................................................... 28
USB .......................................................... 28
Internet
accès réseau à distance ........................... 13
mot de passe ............................................ 16
nom d'utilisateur  ....................................... 16
LAN
configuration ............................................. 18
sans fil  ...................................................... 21
Lecteur de cartes
cartes CF .................................................. 11
cartes SD .................................................. 11
Lecteur de cartes
informations générales .............................  10
Memory Stick  ...........................................  11
Microdrive .................................................  11
retrait de cartes  ........................................  12
SmartMedia ..............................................  11
transfert ....................................................  11
Manuel  ..........................................................  33
Matériel, WLAN .............................................  21
Memory Stick  ................................................  11
Microdrive  .....................................................  11
Microprogramme ...........................................  34
Mise à jour  ....................................................  33
BIOS .........................................................  34
Modem
accès réseau à distance ...........................  13
installation  ................................................  13
mot de passe ............................................  16
nom d'utilisateur  .......................................  16
prise téléphonique murale ........................  13
Ordinateur
connexion directe .....................................  18
nom  ..........................................................  19
WLAN .......................................................  21
Pièces de rechange  ......................................  33
Pilote .............................................................  33
Plug & Play
FireWire ....................................................  28
USB ..........................................................  28
Première configuration ....................................  5
Prise téléphonique murale  ............................  13
Projecteur  .......................................................  9
Projecteur vidéo ..............................................  9
Questions courantes .....................................  33
Réseau
configuration automatique ........................  17
configuration avec l'Assistant ...................  17
groupe de travail  ......................................  20
nom d'ordinateur  ......................................  19
sans fil ......................................................  21
SSID .........................................................  23
WLAN, général .........................................  21
Restauration du système
création de sauvegardes ..........................  35
dans des conditions de fonctionnement
normales ...............................................  37
informations générales .............................  35
mode sans échec  .....................................  38

--- Page 121 ---
Index    
57
Restauration du système
points de restauration ...............................  35
restauration du système ...........................  36
Restauration du système, base  ....................  35
Retrait des cartes mémoire ...........................  12
Sauvegarde, restauration du système  ..........  35
Sécurité, WLAN  ............................................  24
Service ..........................................................  30
SmartMedia  ..................................................  11
SSID  .............................................................  23
Support amovible ..........................................  12
TCP/IP
Assistant  ..................................................  17
WLAN .......................................................  23
Transfert d'images  ........................................  11
Transfert, cartes mémoire .............................  11
TV, connexion .................................................  8
USB
1.0 ............................................................  27
USB
1.1 ............................................................. 27
2.0 ............................................................. 27
anciens périphériques ............................... 27
compatibilité .............................................. 27
insertion et retrait à chaud  ........................ 28
Plug & Play  ............................................... 28
WEP  .............................................................. 24
Windows
Assistant Configuration du réseau ............ 18
groupe de travail ....................................... 20
nom d'ordinateur ....................................... 19
Première configuration ............................... 5f
WLAN ............................................................ 21
configuration  ............................................. 22
général ...................................................... 21
sécurité  ..................................................... 24
SSID  ......................................................... 23
TCP/IP ...................................................... 23
WEP .......................................................... 24

--- Page 123 ---







Nederlands 
2SPHUNLQJ
/HHVYRRUGDWXKHWDSSDUDDWYRRUGHHHUVWHNHHUJHEUXLNWGHEHWUHIIHQGHRSPHUNLQ
JHQLQGH]HKDQGOHLGLQJ]HOIVDOVXEHNHQGEHQWPHWGHEHGLHQLQJYDQHOHNWURQLVFKH
DSSDUDWXXU%HZDDUGH]HKDQGOHLGLQJRSHHQYHLOLJHSODDWV]RGDWXGH]HODWHUNXQW
UDDGSOHJHQ$OVXGLWDSSDUDDWYHUNRRSWRIDDQHHQGHUGHRYHUKDQGLJWPRHWXKHPRI
KDDURRNGH]HKDQGOHLGLQJYHUVWUHNNHQ
Microsoft
®
 en Windows
®
 zijn handelsmerken van Microsoft Corporation.  
Alle andere handelsmerken zijn eigendom van de respectieve eigenaars.

--- Page 125 ---
Inhoud    
1
Inhoud
1. Snel starten in vijf minuten 
.......................................... 3
1.1 Connectoren en poorten ...................................................... 3
1.2 Aansluiten en inschakelen ................................................... 4
Voeding en monitor aansluiten  ............................................ 4
Toetsenbord en muis aansluiten .......................................... 5
1.3 Windows voor de eerste maal starten  ................................. 5
2. Geavanceerde configuratie en gebruik 
.................. 7
2.1 Grafische adapter ................................................................ 7
Uw monitor en grafische adapter configureren .................... 7
Beelduitvoer naar een tv ...................................................... 8
2.2 Kaartlezer ............................................................................ 10
Een geheugenkaart plaatsen ............................................... 10
Gegevens naar de pc brengen en opslaan .......................... 11
Een geheugenkaart veilig verwijderen ................................. 12
2.3 Modem, Internet en netwerk ................................................ 13
De modem aansluiten .......................................................... 13
Inbelnetwerk instellen  .......................................................... 13
Het netwerk configureren  .................................................... 17
WLAN: een draadloos netwerk instellen .............................. 21
WEP: veiligheid en draadloze netwerken ............................. 24
WLAN-verbindingen: alleen inschakelen als ze nodig zijn ... 26
2.4 USB en FireWire-apparaten aansluiten ............................... 27
USB-apparaten .................................................................... 27
FireWire-apparaten .............................................................. 28
3. Problemen oplossen, eerste hulp en FAQ 
............. 29
3.1 Problemen oplossen ............................................................ 29
3.2 FAQ: veel gestelde vragen ................................................... 32
3.3 Na de totale crash: Systeemherstel  ..................................... 33
Herstelpunten maken ........................................................... 34
Uw systeem herstellen met controlepunten ......................... 35
3.4 Het systeem herstellen met de systeemherstelsoftware ...... 37

--- Page 126 ---
2
    Inhoud
Activering, registratie en serienummer ........................ 41
Beveiliging .................................................................................... 43
EMC-richtlijnen en veiligheidsnormen ....................................... 43
Opmerking voor de gebruiker  ................................................... 43
Beoogd gebruik ......................................................................... 43
Gebruiksomgeving .................................................................... 44
Batterijen en oplaadbare batterijen ........................................... 45
Laser (veiligheidswaarschuwing)  .............................................. 45
Belangrijke veiligheidsinstructies  .............................................. 46
Aanvullende veiligheidsinstructies voor apparaten met
draadloos LAN .......................................................................... 47
CE-keurmerk voor apparaten met draadloos LAN .................... 48
Beperkingen  ............................................................................. 48
RF-frequenties voor draadloze LAN-apparaten  ........................ 49
Bepalingen – uitsluiting van aansprakelijkheid .......................... 50
Verwijdering van oude apparaten  ............................................. 50
Conformiteit  .............................................................................. 50
Woordenlijst ................................................................................. 51
Index  ............................................................................................... 54
Waarschuwing:
De meegeleverde cd-software kan verouderd zijn. U vindt de laatst goed-
gekeurde stuurprogramma's op de EasyInstall cd/dvd of op de website
www.service.targa.co.uk.

--- Page 127 ---
Connectoren en poorten    3
1. Snel starten in vijf minuten
1.1 Connectoren en poorten
1 Beeldscherm
2 Quick Media-knop
3 Aan/uit-knop
4 Dvd-romstation
5 Uitwerpknop dvd-rom
6 Dvd/cd-brander
7 Uitwerpknop dvd/cd-brander
8 Ruimte aan voorzijde voor 5 ¼ inch diskettestation
9 Voorpaneel (kaartlezer en aansluitingspoorten)
10 Ventilatiegaatjes
1 SD, SD-Mini, MMC, RS-MMC
2 CompactFlash / Microdrive-slot
3 Smart Media / xD-slot
4 Memory Stick / Pro-slot
5 S-Video in
6 Composietvideo in
7 Audio in (enkel voor AV)
8 Microfoon in
9 Audio uit
10 eSATA-interface
11 FireWire-poort (4-pins 6-pins)
12 USB-poorten (4x)

--- Page 128 ---
4
    Snel starten in vijf minuten
1 Aansluiting voor de netvoeding
2 Aan/uit-schakelaar
3 Beveiligingszegel
4 Productaanduiding en serienummer
5 Scart (Euro AV)-aansluiting
6 PS/2-connectors
7 SPDIF digitale uitvoer/invoer (coaxiaal)
8 Parallelle interface
9 eSATA-interface
10 SPDIF digitale uitvoer/invoer (optisch)
11 USB-poorten (4x)
12 FireWire-poort (6-pins)
13 Netwerk / LAN / Ethernet-connector
14 Midden-/ subwooferluidsprekers
15 Luidsprekerconnector zijkant
16 Luidsprekerconnector achterkant
17 Microfoonaansluiting
18 Audio uit/luidsprekerconnector voorzijde
(stereo luidsprekerconnector)
19 Audio in
20 Behuizingsvergrendeling
21 DVI/-I digitale monitor-connector
22 VGA analoge monitorconnector
23 S-Video uit
24 Seriële interface
25 Tv-ingangssignaal – DVB-S
26 Tv-ingangssignaal – digitaal, analoog, DVB-T
27 Radio Antenne-ingang
28 RJ11-modemconnector
1.2  Aansluiten en inschakelen
Voeding en monitor aansluiten
1.
 Verbind de pc met het stopcontact door de
meegeleverde stroomkabel met de overeen-
stemmende stroomingang te verbinden.
2.
 Schakel de hoofdstroomschakelaar achterop uw
computer om, zodat het label 'I' is ingedrukt. Van nu af
aan kunt u de hoofdstroomschakelaar altijd inge-
schakeld laten, en de computer aan- en uitschakelen
met de stroomschakelaar vooraan op de pc.

--- Page 129 ---
Windows voor de eerste maal starten    
5
3. Verbind de kabel (VGA-monitorkabel) met de overeenkomstige poort van uw
computer. Als u een hedendaags vlak pc-scherm met een DVI-poort gebruikt, kunt
u het scherm aan die poort verbinden. Dat biedt een beter signaal. Forceer de
mechanische onderdelen niet, en schroef de schroeven enkel handmatig vast.
4. Verbind de monitor aan het stopcontact en schakel hem in.
Toetsenbord en muis aansluiten
1. Plaats eerst de batterijen of oplaadbare batterijen
in het toetsenbord en de muis. Open het batterijvakje
aan de onderzijde van de muis en plaats de batterijen.
Let op de aangebrachte polariteittekens (+ of -).
2. Open vervolgens het batterijvakje aan de onder-
zijde van het toetsenbord en plaats de batterijen in
overeenstemming met de polariteittekens.
3. Sluit de draadloze ontvanger aan op een USB-
poort op de pc. Hiervoor kunt u elke USB-poort
gebruiken, bijvoorbeeld een poort aan de achterzijde
van het apparaat.
4. Nu moeten de apparaten worden gesynchroni-
seerd. Zet de computer aan. Druk op de configuratieknop van de draadloze
ontvanger, zodat deze gaat zoeken naar nieuwe apparaten. Druk nu binnen 15
seconden op de ID-knop aan de onderzijde van het toetsenbord en aan de
onderzijde van de muis.
Opmerking: de USB-kabel van de muis dient voor het opladen van de oplaadbare
batterijen in de muis.
1.3  Windows voor de eerste maal starten
Allereerst moet u het apparaat inschakelen via de stroomschakelaar. Windows
wordt automatisch geladen en het bureaublad wordt weergegeven. Hier kunt u
direct gaan werken. Als u uw computer voor het eerst gebruikt, is het opstartproces
echter anders. Voordat u de computer voor het eerst gebruikt, moet Windows
worden geconfigureerd en aangepast aan uw manier van werken.
1. Dit is een eenvoudig proces dat in enkele minuten kan worden uitgevoerd.
Er verschijnt automatisch een configuratiewizard die u door de stappen van de
configuratie leidt. Volg de instructies op het scherm om alle stappen te voltooien.

--- Page 130 ---
6
    Snel starten in vijf minuten
2. Aan het eind worden deze instellingen automatisch opgeslagen, zodat ze later
beschikbaar zijn. Daarom hoeft u dit proces slechts eenmaal uit te voeren tijdens de
eerste opstartprocedure.
3. Nadat de eerste installatie is voltooid, moet u de computer opnieuw opstarten.
De meeste stations en componenten bevinden zich nog altijd in een soort slaap-
toestand. Nadat u de computer opnieuw hebt opgestart, worden alle hardware-
onderdelen ingeschakeld en laadt Windows de configuratie hiervan opnieuw.
4. Klik hiervoor op Start/Uitschakelen, linksonder op het scherm. Er verschijnt een
nieuw venster met drie opties. Klik op Opnieuw opstarten. Windows wordt afge-
sloten en na enkele seconden opnieuw opgestart. Daarna wordt het Windows-
bureaublad geladen en kunt u de computer gebruiken.
De schermweergave optimaliseren
Nadat u Windows voor het eerst hebt gestart en geconfigureerd, worden de
standaardinstellingen voor het beeldscherm gebruikt. De beeldweergave is
mogelijk niet optimaal en de grafische adapter werkt mogelijk niet op de
hoogste kwaliteit. Dit is geen defect en u kunt dit verhelpen door de configuratie
te wijzigen. Als het bovenstaande het geval is, leest u op pagina 7 hoe u de
schermkwaliteit optimaliseert.

--- Page 131 ---
Grafische adapter    
7
2. Geavanceerde configuratie en
gebruik
2.1 Grafische adapter
Uw monitor en grafische adapter configureren
Met niet meer dan enkele instellingen kunt u de schermweergave optimaliseren.
Opmerking over illustraties
De afbeeldingen die hier voor de configuratie worden getoond, zijn enkel voor-
beelden. Alle functies, menu's en weergaven kunnen verschillen van hardware
tot hardware en van stuurprogramma tot stuurprogramma. De basisprocedure
blijft echter dezelfde.
1.
 Open eerst het configuratievenster van het beeldscherm. Klik op Start/Configu-
ratiescherm om het configuratiescherm te openen, en open de configuratie door te
klikken op het pictogram Beeldscherm.
2.
 Selecteer in het venster Eigen-
schappen voor Beeldscherm
 
het
tabblad Instellingen.  Onderaan vindt
u de instelling Beeldschermresolu-
tie. Met de muis kunt u de schuifknop
naar links of rechts verplaatsen om de
resolutie te verkleinen of te vergroten.
3.
 Met  de optie Kleurkwaliteit
ernaast kunt u de kleurdiepte instel-
len. De instelling Gemiddeld (16 bits)
geeft uw scherm bijna fotokwaliteit.
Die instelling is optimaal voor uw
dagelijks werk en voor de meeste
toepassingen voor beeldbewerking.
De optie Hoogst (32 bits) wordt ook
Hoge kleuren genoemd. Ze toont
meer kleuren, maar de prestaties van
het systeem kunnen verminderen.

--- Page 132 ---
8
    Geavanceerde configuratie en gebruik
4. Klik daarna op Geavanceerd om een nieuw venster te openen. Klik op het
tabblad Beeldscherm bovenaan. Hier kunt u de Vernieuwingsfrequentie instellen.
Selecteer de hoogst mogelijke waarde voor een flikkervrij en comfortabel beeld.
Minstens 70 tot 85 Hertz wordt aanbevolen.
5. Als u met alle instellingen klaar bent, klikt u op OK om te bevestigen. Windows
schakelt naar de nieuwe configuratie over om ze te testen. Als u tevreden bent met
de nieuwe instellingen, klikt u op Ja om ze te behouden. Als u niet tevreden bent,
laat u Windows automatisch binnen 15 seconden terugschakelen naar de oor-
spronkelijke instellingen. Dan kunt u de instellingen verbeteren en het weer
proberen.
Beelduitvoer naar een tv
Als u een tv-kanaal ontvangt of een dvd-film bekijkt, hebt u het computerscherm
niet nodig. Uw computer heeft ook een TV Out-poort om een normaal televisie-
toestel of een videoprojector aan te sluiten. Daardoor kunt u genieten van uw
thuisbioscoop met een groot formaat 16:9 tv of met een projector.
De meeste tv-toestellen en projectoren gebruiken normale videokabels (gele Euro-
Cinch) of S-Video-aansluitingen. U kunt elk van deze kabels gebruiken aangezien u
ze via een adapter op de grafische kaart kunt aansluiten. De beeldkwaliteit is echter
mogelijk hoger wanneer u een S-Video-kabel gebruikt. U zult het verschil vooral
merken bij videobronnen van hoge kwaliteit, zoals DVD-films.

--- Page 133 ---
Grafische adapter    
9
1. Sluit eerst de videokabel aan op de TV Out-poort van uw grafische adapter.
Gebruik een van de vermelde soorten kabels (Euro-Cinch of S-Video). Het type
kabel is afhankelijk van de signaalinvoeraansluitingen op uw tv-toestel. Afhankelijk
van het soort aansluiting dat u gebruikt, kunt u de (optionele) adapter nodig hebben
om ze te doen passen. Verbind daarna de kabel met het tv-toestel of de projector.
TV-uitvoer via S-Video-poort (rechts).
2. De TV Out-poort van uw grafische adapter geeft altijd een signaal geschikt voor
elk tv-toestel. U kunt dat signaal echter optimaliseren voor een betere kwaliteit.
Vooral als u een professionele projectorresolutie, vernieuwingsfrequentie en inter-
laced/non-interlaced hebt, zijn betere signalen mogelijk.
Om die instelling te verkrijgen, gaat u naar Start/Configuratiescherm. Het Confi-
guratiescherm opent. U vindt er het pictogram Beeldscherm. Dubbelklik erop om
het te openen. Het venster Eigenschappen voor Beeldscherm opent. Klik op
het tabblad Instellingen. Open de configuratie door te klikken op de knop
Geavanceerd.
3. Er verschijnt een nieuw venster. Klik op het tabblad GeForce. Hier kunt u kiezen
tussen de verschillende uitvoerapparaten, zoals een computermonitor, projector, tv
of vlak scherm.
Opmerking
Eenmaal u de verbinding tussen uw computer en de tv hebt gelegd, moet u de
tv inschakelen en instellen om het videosignaal te ontvangen. Dat betekent dat
u Video, AV of een gelijkaardig invoersignaal op uw tv kiest. Soms moet uw
computer worden herstart zodat de grafische kaart de nieuwe verbinding vindt
en het goede signaal automatisch levert. Als de beschreven pictogrammen voor
uw tv niet beschikbaar zijn of grijs zijn, controleer dan de kabelverbinding of
herstart uw pc.
Het verschil tussen een projector en een tv is, dat de projector standaard een
S-Video- of RGB-signaal gebruikt, terwijl de tv een normaal VHS-signaal (composiet)
gebruikt.
U klikt gewoon met de muis op het gewenste apparaat en maakt dit tot uw
"Primary Display" (primaire weergave). Dat apparaat wordt dan gebruikt voor de

--- Page 134 ---
10
    Geavanceerde configuratie en gebruik
schermuitvoer en het videosignaal wordt voor dat apparaat geoptimaliseerd. Je kunt
de instellingen van het geselecteerde apparaat in het menu aan de linkerkant
wijzigen. Afhankelijk van de kenmerken van uw tv of projector, kunt u de video-
uitvoer verder optimaliseren.
Problemen met dvd's met kopieerbeveiliging
De nieuwe copyright-wetten laten kopiëren van beschermde media zoals
muziek-cd's of film-dvd's niet toe, zelfs niet voor privé-gebruik! Elke video-
uitvoer naar een extern apparaat, zoals een tv, zou tegelijk kopiëren van een
film naar een videorecorder toelaten. Daarom is het mogelijk dat beschermde
film-dvd's (bijv. van Macrovision, enz.) ook de video-uitvoer van de grafische
adapter blokkeren, om te verhinderen dat de film ermee kan worden gekopieerd.
U kunt de film echter wel op uw tv bekijken. Sommige beveiligingen zijn zo
streng dat u de film alleen met interferentie of zelfs helemaal niet kunt zien.
Dat is geen defect van uw computer. Het is alleen meer een kopieerbeveiliging
van de fabrikant.
2.2  Kaartlezer
Een geheugenkaart plaatsen
De geheugenkaartlezer bevindt zich achter een klepje aan de voorzijde van uw
computer. Druk stevig aan de bovenzijde van het klepmechanisme om het voor-
paneel te openen. U vindt hier meerdere sleuven voor de verschillende typen
geheugenkaarten. Het uiterlijk en de plaats van de verschillende kaartsleuven kan

--- Page 135 ---
Kaartlezer    
11
per model verschillen. Afhankelijk van het model kaartlezer kunt u de volgende
soorten geheugenkaarten gebruiken:
•  Compact Flash, Microdrive: Compact
Flash-kaarten zijn beschikbaar als
Type I en Type II (CF I, CF II).
Standaard flashgeheugenkaarten
zijn gewoonlijk kaarten van Type I.
Andere opslagmedia, zoals de
Microdrive van IBM, passen de
kenmerken van Type II toe. Ze zijn
wat dikker en groter.
•  SmartMedia, SD-kaarten, Memory
Stick: andere typische geheugen-
kaarten zijn SmartMedia, SD-kaarten
en de Sony Memory Stick. Hun
compacte en robuuste ontwerp maakt
ze de ideale gezel van digitale camera's, MP3-spelers en mobiele telefoons.
 Dankzij het kenmerkende uiterlijk van de kaartlezer, de sleuven en de kaarten zelf,
zult u de verschillende soorten kaarten waarschijnlijk niet met elkaar verwarren.
Mechanisch passen ze uitsluitend in de juiste sleuf.
 
 Opmerking
 Spijtig genoeg respecteren niet alle fabrikanten van geheugenkaarten alle
vastgelegde standaarden. Daarom kan door het grote aantal fabrikanten een
algemene compatibiliteit met alle kaarten niet worden gegarandeerd.
 
 Gegevens naar de pc brengen en opslaan
 Windows behandelt kaartlezers niet als speciale apparaten, maar gewoon als een
normaal schijfstation. Daardoor moet u geen stuurprogramma's installeren of con-
figureren en hebt u geen speciale software nodig om er toegang toe te hebben.
 
1. Zodra een pas ingevoerde kaart werd gedetecteerd, verschijnt een nieuw
venster met verschillende automatische functies. U kunt een van die standaard-
taken kiezen of uw gegevens handmatig kopiëren. Om gegevens handmatig te
kopiëren, sluit u het venster door te klikken op Annuleren.
 
2.
 Open Windows Verkenner via het menu Start. In het linkervenster van
Verkenner, onder het pictogram Deze computer, vindt u naast de vaste schijf en

--- Page 136 ---
12
    Geavanceerde configuratie en gebruik
het CD-ROM- of DVD-ROM-station ook enkele items genaamd Verwisselbare
schijf. Deze stations komen overeen met de sleuven van de kaartlezer.
 
3. U hebt toegang tot de ingevoerde geheugenkaarten zoals tot elke cd-rom of
harde schijf. Markeer de gewenste bestanden en kopieer ze naar uw lokale harde
schijf. Het kopiëren, verplaatsen en verwijderen van bestanden verschilt niet van de
procedures voor gewone schijfstations.
 
 Een geheugenkaart veilig verwijderen
 Het USB-stuurprogramma van de kaartlezer maakt hot-swapping mogelijk. Dat
betekent dat u alle geheugenkaarten kunt invoeren en verwijderen terwijl de com-
puter werkt. Het is echter mogelijk dat een kopieeropdracht niet volledig werd uit-
gevoerd, of dat er nog bestanden in de cache zitten. Dat kan soms leiden tot ge-
gevensverlies of beschadigde media. Om uw geheugenkaarten veilig en zonder
risico's te verwijderen, doet u het volgende:
 
1.
 Schakel over naar Windows Verkenner. Als de Verkenner nog niet werd ge-
opend, start hem dan op.
 
2. Selecteer in het linkervenster het verwisselbare station waar u iets wilt verwij-
deren. Klik eenmaal met de rechtermuisknop. Er verschijnt een contextmenu.
Selecteer de opdracht Schijf uitwerpen
 
3. Windows beëindigt de toegang tot het station en u kunt de kaart zonder risico
verwijderen.

--- Page 137 ---
Modem, Internet en netwerk    
13
2.3  Modem, Internet en netwerk
 De modem aansluiten
 Voor u de interne modem kunt gebruiken, moet u de kabel aansluiten. Modems
gebruiken normale telefoonlijnen voor Internetaansluitingen. U hebt enkel een
standaard telefoonconnector nodig, en de modemkabel. De kabel wordt meege-
leverd met uw computer en kan direct worden geïnstalleerd.
 
1.
 Pak de modemkabel uit.
 
2.
 Sluit een uiteinde van de Westerse stekkerkabel in op de overeenkomstige poort
achterop uw pc. Die vindt u onderaan op de computerkast. De Westerse stekker
heeft een slotje dat lichtjes wegbuigt van de stekker. Dat slotje moet in lijn worden
gebracht met de overeenkomstige inkeping in de poort. Als de computer normaal
staat, moet het slotje naar beneden gericht zijn. De kabel klikt vast. Als u de
Westerse stekker wilt verwijderen, moet u het slotje voorzichtig indrukken om het te
ontsluiten. Daarna kunt u de kabel uittrekken.
 
3.
 Het andere einde van de kabel moet in de telefoonconnector worden gestopt.
In sommige landen is een adapter nodig om de modem te verbinden. In dat geval
moet u de modemkabel eerst verbinden met de meegeleverde adapter, en dan pas
aan de telefoonconnector. Voer de modemkabel voorzichtig in door lichtjes te
drukken. Als de stekker niet past, hebt u waarschijnlijk de verkeerde poort gekozen,
of past uw poort niet bij de stekker.
 
4.
 Eenmaal u de kabel met de computer en de telefoonconnector hebt verbonden,
bent u klaar met de fysieke installatie van de modem. Nu kunt u de modem op uw
computer configureren. Uw computer biedt Internettoegang aan via het inbelnet-
werk van Windows naar uw ISP (Internet Service Provider). De volgende paragraaf
legt gedetailleerd uit hoe dat werkt.
 Inbelnetwerk instellen
 Voor u met Windows XP op het Internet kunt surfen, moet u een nieuwe inbel-
verbinding instellen. Een wizard zal u stapsgewijs door het proces voeren. Zorg
ervoor dat u de toegangsgegevens van uw ISP bij de hand hebt. Het ISP-nummer
is erg lang. Uw ISP gaf u de toegangsgegevens toen u zich aansloot. Natuurlijk
kunt u het inbelnetwerk ook gebruiken om bij elke oproep apart toegang te krijgen.
Technisch maakt dat geen verschil. Eenmaal u alle nodige informatie hebt, kunt u
het inbelnetwerk configureren.
 
1.
 Start eerst de Wizard Nieuwe verbinding. Klik op Start/Alle programma's/
Bureau-accessoires/Communicatie/Wizard Nieuwe verbinding

--- Page 138 ---
14
    Geavanceerde configuratie en gebruik
 
2. Windows vraagt u nu wat informatie over uw locatie. Kies uw land in Vanuit
welk land of welke regio belt u nu? Daaronder moet u het zonenummer of net-
nummer van de locatie invoeren. Dat is belangrijk omdat Windows moet weten of
het prefix moet worden gedraaid als u een verbinding legt.
 Als uw modem is verbonden met een PBX, voer dan in het overeenkomstige veld
het prefix in om toegang met de buitenlijn te leggen. Normaal is dat een nul (0). Dat
is echter niet noodzakelijk voor privé-lijnen zonder PBX!
 Vermeld ten slotte het telefoon-
kiessysteem. De meeste landen
gebruiken toonkeuze. Dat stuurt
korte pieptoontjes bij het kiezen.
U kunt pulskeuze kiezen als u
pulstikken hoort. Als u niet zeker
weet welk kiessysteem uw tele-
foonlijn gebruikt, gelieve dan
contact op te nemen met uw
telefoonmaatschappij voor u de
modem gebruikt. Klik op OK om
deze stap te beëindigen. Windows
zal u ten slotte vragen of u een
nieuwe verbinding voor deze
locatie wilt leggen. Klik weer op
OK om uw selectie te bevestigen.

--- Page 139 ---
Modem, Internet en netwerk    
15
 3. Het eerste venster van de Wizard Nieuwe verbinding bevat informatie die u kunt
overslaan door te klikken op Volgende. Het volgende venster vraagt u naar het
type verbinding. Selecteer de eerste optie, Verbinding met het Internet maken en
klik op Volgende om verder te gaan.
 
 4. Nu kunt u de verbinding automatisch instellen, ofwel met een lijst, ofwel hand-
matig. We raden u aan dat u de optie Ik wil handmatig een verbinding instellen
gebruikt. Dat is sneller en erg gemakkelijk.
 
5. Daarna vraagt Windows u
naar het apparaat dat u gebruikt
om een verbinding met het Inter-
net te leggen. Kies de eerste
optie, Verbinding maken via
een inbelmodem. Die optie is
geschikt voor alle modems en
ISDN-kaarten. De wizard detec-
teert automatisch de interne
modem. Als u meerdere modems
hebt geïnstalleerd, verschijnt een
ander venster waar u de modem
kunt kiezen die u voor deze ver-
binding wilt gebruiken. In dat

--- Page 140 ---
16
    Geavanceerde configuratie en gebruik
geval selecteert u het gewenste apparaat in de lijst. Als u geen extra apparaten
hebt geïnstalleerd, zal die vraag niet verschijnen.
 
6. Voer een naam in voor de nieuwe verbinding. Dat is technisch onbelangrijk.
De naam dient enkel om deze verbinding te kunnen onderscheiden van eventueel
andere in de toekomst ingestelde verbindingen. De naam van uw provider is een
goede keuze.
 
 Voer nu het telefoonnummer van uw provider in, en zijn net- of zonenummer. Uw
provider zou u die moeten hebben bezorgd toen u zich bij hem aansloot. Providers
die aparte oproepen leveren (call-by-call) publiceren hun toegangsnummers ge-
woonlijk in tijdschriften, of u moet de hotline van de provider bellen om het te
vragen. De volgende gegevens dienen enkel als voorbeeld, en werken niet voor
echte Internetverbindingen.
 
7. Voer ten slotte uw gebruikersgegevens voor deze verbinding in. Voer uw Ge-
bruikersnaam en het Wachtwoord in de overeenkomstige velden in. U moet uw
wachtwoord ter controle twee maal invoeren.
 Daaronder kunt u ook vermelden of andere gebruikers van deze computer dezelfde
verbinding mogen gebruiken. Als andere gezinsleden later inloggen, kunnen ze uw
Internetaccount gebruiken om een Internetverbinding te leggen. Windows vraagt u
ook of u wilt dat het de standaard Internetverbinding is. Als u dat vakje aanvinkt, zal
Windows deze verbinding automatisch gebruiken voor alle toekomstige pogingen
om e-mail te ontvangen of op het Internet te surfen.

--- Page 141 ---
Modem, Internet en netwerk    
17
 Ten slotte kunt u de interne
firewall van Windows acti-
veren. We raden u ten
strengste aan om dat te
doen. Een firewall is een
filterprogramma dat alle
aanvallen en inbraken door
externe gebruikers op uw
computer blokkeert. Die
bescherming moet u
hebben.
 
 
8. Nu is uw Internettoegang bijna geconfigureerd. Het laatste venster toont een
overzicht van alle instellingen. Als u wilt kunt u een snelkoppeling op uw bureaublad
naar deze verbinding leggen. Dat verhindert dat u door de verschillende Windows-
menu's moet laveren om toegang te krijgen tot Internet. U kunt uw Internetverbin-
ding openen door te dubbelklikken op het pictogram van de snelkoppeling. U hebt
nu uw Internetverbinding goed geconfigureerd. Als u in de laatste stap een snel-
koppeling op uw bureaublad hebt gemaakt, dan is dat de snelste manier om uw
Internetverbinding te openen.
 Klik met de rechtermuisknop op het picto-
gram om een contextmenu te openen.
Daarmee kunt u de configuratie wijzigen
om een verbinding leggen. Of dubbelklik op
het pictogram om direct een verbinding te
leggen met Internet.
 
 Het netwerk configureren
 De gemakkelijkste manier om een netwerkverbinding in Windows XP te configu-
reren is door de overeenkomstige wizard te gebruiken. De procedure is snel, maar
u kunt de vooraf toegewezen adressen en informatie niet wijzigen. Dat is echter
geen probleem als u alleen maar twee of drie computers met elkaar wilt verbinden.

--- Page 142 ---
18
    Geavanceerde configuratie en gebruik
 
 Twee computers rechtstreeks met elkaar verbinden
 Als u een groot netwerk met veel computers wilt opzetten, is doorgaans een
grote hoeveelheid hardware nodig. Maar als u alleen maar twee computers met
elkaar wilt verbinden, hebt u enkel een zogenaamde crossover-kabel nodig.
Verbind die kabel gewoon met de netwerkpoort op beide computers. Door de
speciale signalen ervan verbindt de kabel de twee computers zonder dat een
hub nodig is. Dat is echter alleen met dat speciale type kabel mogelijk. Normale
netwerkkabels zijn daarvoor niet geschikt, doordat de pinnen op een andere
manier zijn toegewezen.
 De configuratie is in beide gevallen dezelfde. Het heeft geen belang of u een
'echt' netwerk opstelt, of een crossover-kabel gebruikt. Die kabel zorgt ervoor
dat beide computers een echt netwerk 'zien'.
 
 Uw computer heeft al een netwerkadapter. Om een netwerk te installeren hebben
alle andere computers ook een netwerkadapter nodig.  Het is ook mogelijk dat u
alle computers met een hub moet verbinden. De hub is een soort distributietoestel
waardoor de computers elkaar kunnen vinden en met elkaar kunnen communi-
ceren.
 
1. Om te beginnen moet u de wizard starten. Klik daarvoor op Start/Configuratie-
scherm. U vindt er het pictogram Netwerkverbindingen. Selecteer dat door erop
te klikken. In het linkervenster klikt u op de optie Thuisnetwerk of een klein
bedrijfsnetwerk installeren.

--- Page 143 ---
Modem, Internet en netwerk    
19
 2. De Wizard Netwerk instellen
wordt geopend. In het eerste
venster klikt u op Volgende om
verder te gaan. Het tweede
venster heeft u wat basisinfor-
matie en mag worden overge-
slagen. Het volgende venster
vraagt u naar het type computer.
De eerste twee opties houden
alleen verband met de Internet-
toegang. Als u de Internettoe-
gang over het netwerk wilt delen,
of als deze computer de Internet-
toegang van een andere pc moet
gebruiken, hebt u deze opties nodig.
 Nu gaan we ons echter niet bezighouden met de installatie van de Internettoegang.
U mag de Internettoegang alleen delen als uw netwerk goed werd ingesteld.
Selecteer daarom de laatste optie, Overige.
 
3. Het volgende venster vraagt u meer informatie over de Internettoegang.
Selecteer Deze computer maakt deel uit van een netwerk zonder Internet-
aansluiting. Klik op de knop Volgende.
 
4. Daarna moet u een naam
invoeren voor uw computer in het
veld Computernaam. U kunt
elke naam invoeren. De naam
mag echter niet langer zijn dan
15 tekens. Hij mag geen spaties
of speciale tekens bevatten. In
het veld Beschrijving van de
computer kunt u wat tekst in-
voeren over de computer. Daar-
door kunt u de verschillende
werkstations beter onderschei-
den.

--- Page 144 ---
20
    Geavanceerde configuratie en gebruik
 5. Het volgende venster vraagt
u de werkgroepnaam. Met Win-
dows kunt u verschillende com-
puters groeperen in een zoge-
naamde werkgroep. In een groot
bedrijf kan dat de verschillende
afdelingen onderscheiden. Alle
computers moeten tot een werk-
groep behoren. Anders kunnen
ze elkaar niet vinden, en moet u
een extra installatie voor het
delen configureren. Het is beter
om dat niet te doen.
 De huidige Windows-versies gebruiken MSHOME als standaardwerkgroepnaam.
Als u andere computers hebt met Windows 98 of Me, moet u nu opletten. Hun
standaard werkgroepnaam is WERKGROEP. Maar u moet dezelfde naam ge-
bruiken voor alle computers.
 
6. Het volgende venster toont een overzicht van alle informatie die u hebt inge-
voerd. Als alle informatie correct is, klikt u op Volgende om verder te gaan.
Windows configureert nu het LAN (local area network). Dat kan enkele minuten
duren.
 
7. De wizard biedt u ook de
mogelijkheid om een netwerk-
installatiediskette voor andere
computers te maken.
 Als deze computers ook een
recente Windows-versie ge-
bruiken, hoeft u dat niet te doen.
Dan kunt u immers dezelfde
stappen als hierboven beschre-
ven uitvoeren. Die functie is
alleen nuttig als de andere
computers Windows 98 of Me
draaien.
 Als u een netwerkinstallatiediskette wilt maken, stopt u een lege diskette in het
diskettestation en laat u de wizard de nodige bestanden kopiëren. Daarna moet u
de diskette in de andere computers stoppen, station A openen in de Verkenner en
dubbelklikken op het programma Setup.exe. De wizard wordt gestart en de
daaropvolgende procedure is dezelfde als deze hierboven beschreven.

--- Page 145 ---
Modem, Internet en netwerk    
21
 WLAN: een draadloos netwerk instellen
 Tegenwoordig kunt u pc's niet alleen met elkaar verbinden, maar ook met elk ander
soort apparaat, zoals mobiele telefoons, notebooks, pda's, enzovoort. Vroeger
werden alleen kabelverbindingen met hubs gebruikt, maar draadloze verbindingen
ontwikkelen zich snel. Een van de meest interessante technologieën is WLAN.
Dat betekent 'draadloos netwerk': de verbinding van verschillende computers en
apparaten zonder draden of kabels. De transmissie gebeurt met radiogolven. Met
die techniek hebt u heel nieuwe mogelijkheden. U hebt toegang tot de gegevens op
uw pc terwijl u in de tuin op uw notebook werkt, zonder rondslingerende kabels.
 
 Opmerking over modelgebonden configuratie
 Sommige modellen krijgen de beschreven Wireless LAN adapter niet standaard
meegeleverd. Hij kan echter als optie worden geïnstalleerd.
 
 Er bestaan voor veel apparaten WLAN-adapters. Het voordeel is dat de norm IEEE
802.11 breed ingang heeft gevonden voor toepassingen thuis. Dat betekent dat
zowat elk WLAN-apparaat met elk ander toestel kan communiceren dat die norm
ondersteunt. De apparaten communiceren via eenvoudige radiogolven, zodat de
communicatie bijna onafhankelijk is van de fabrikant en de gebruikte software.
 Veel Targa-computers hebben al standaard een interne WLAN-adapter volgens de
norm IEEE 80.211, en zijn daardoor geschikt voor draadloze communicatie. Gelieve
het informatieblad met de technische specificaties te raadplegen om te weten of uw
model de norm IEEE 80.211 al ondersteunt. Om het systeem als WLAN te kunnen
gebruiken, moet de andere computer op uw radiogolven kunnen reageren. Dat zou
geen echt probleem mogen zijn. Als u een andere pc of een notebook hebt, kunt u
een WLAN-adapter installeren en met enkele klikken een draadloze verbinding
instellen.
 Als u alleen een verbinding tussen twee computers wilt leggen, is de procedure erg
snel en gemakkelijk dankzij de zogenaamde Ad-Hoc-verbinding. Zo'n soort gege-
vensverbinding kunt u in enkele minuten tijd opstellen. Theoretisch kunt u ook meer
dan twee computers met de Ad-Hoc-methode verbinden. Die methode is daarvoor
echter niet bedoeld en ze zal grotere hoeveelheden gegevens en complexere net-
werkarchitectuur met moeite afwerken. Als u meerdere WLAN-computers in een
netwerk wilt opnemen, raden we u een Access Point of WLAN-router aan. Die
apparaten vormen een gemeenschappelijk knooppunt of distributieapparaat in het
netwerk en beheren de gegevensstromen ervan. Daarom werkt een Access Point of
WLAN-router op dezelfde manier als een hub of router in een kabelnetwerk. Alle
WLAN-adapters zijn gewoonlijk met die apparaten compatibel. Daardoor kunt u de

--- Page 146 ---
22
    Geavanceerde configuratie en gebruik
computer zonder problemen met Access Point en/of WLAN-routers in een bestaand
draadloos netwerk integreren.
 Als u een andere computer met een geïnstalleerde WLAN-adapter hebt, bent u
klaar voor de netwerkconfiguratie. U moet de overeenstemmende toegangs- en
netwerkinformatie aan uw computer melden, net zoals bij de procedure voor een
kabelnetwerk. Dat is niet moeilijk. U kunt het in enkele stappen uitvoeren.
1. Open het venster Configuratiescherm en selecteer het pictogram Netwerk-
verbindingen. Er verschijnt een nieuw venster met alle verbindingen van de com-
puter. Als u vroeger een kabelnetwerk gebruikte, dan verschijnt hier de overeen-
stemmende configuratie. Bovendien verschijnt een netwerkpictogram met een
antenne. Dat is voor het draadloze netwerk. Klik met de rechtermuisknop op dat
pictogram. Selecteer Eigenschappen in het contextmenu.
 2. Als u de computer al hebt geconfigureerd voor een kabelnetwerk, dan moet u
slechts enkele dingen doen om uw draadloos netwerk te activeren. Als u geen
kabelnetwerk uitbreidt, maar een WLAN vanuit het niets opbouwt, dan moet u eerst
het TCP/IP-protocol configureren. WLAN is geen nieuwe netwerkarchitectuur. Het
vervangt alleen maar de kabels. Het IP-adres, de computernaam, enz., zijn ook
voor WLAN nodig.

--- Page 147 ---
Modem, Internet en netwerk    
23
3. Als u eerst het TCP/IP-protocol
moet configureren, open dan het
tabblad Algemeen. U ziet nu de
ingang Eigenschappen voor
Internet-protocol. Klik op de knop
Eigenschappen om het configu-
ratiescherm te openen. Schakel de
optie Automatisch een IP-adres
laten toewijzen in om een directe
netwerkverbinding tot stand te
brengen. Als u een Access Point of
een Wireless LAN-router voor uw
netwerk wilt gebruiken, kunt u deze
optie ook kiezen als het apparaat
DHCP-servers ondersteunt. Hier-
achter zit een automatische configu-
ratie van alle apparaten die met het
Access Point of de router zijn verbonden. Klik op OK om terug te keren naar het
vorige venster.
4. Eenmaal u de TCP/IP-configuratie succesvol hebt voltooid, of als ze al bestond
voor uw kabelnetwerk, kunt u zich richten op de WLAN-instellingen. Klik op het
tabblad Draadloze netwerken. Voor een eenvoudige draadloze verbinding is het
gemakkelijker als u Windows al het werk laat doen. Schakel daarvoor de optie
Draadloos netwerk automatisch configureren in. Spijtig genoeg moet u nog één
actie uitvoeren. Klik daarvoor op de knop Toevoegen.
5. Er verschijnt een venster dat de netwerkconfiguratie toont. Het is noodzakelijk dat
u eerst een naam toekent aan uw netwerk. Voer daarvoor een naam in het veld
Netwerknaam (SSID) in. Die naam verschijnt op alle computers. Alle computers in
uw netwerk moeten dezelfde netwerknaam gebruiken. Daarmee wordt uw netwerk
geïdentificeerd.
Om de gegevens die langs het draadloze netwerk worden verzonden te beveiligen,
kunt u ze versleutelen. Voor de eerste test kunt u die functie uitschakelen. Eenmaal
alles goed werkt, kunt u de versleuteling activeren. De opties Netwerkverificatie en
Gegevenscodering mogen niet aangevinkt zijn.
Onderaan moet u de optie voor de Ad-Hoc-modus inschakelen. Daarmee weet
Windows dat het niet moet zoeken naar een Access Point, router of gelijkaardig
apparaat. De WLAN-adapters zullen dan met elkaar in verbinding treden.

--- Page 148 ---
24
    Geavanceerde configuratie en gebruik
 
 6. Eenmaal u weer in het hoofdvenster bent, zult u het nieuwe netwerk in de lijst
vinden. Klik op OK om het venster te sluiten. U hebt de configuratie succesvol
afgewerkt. Nu moet u dezelfde stappen voor alle andere computers in uw WLAN
herhalen. Nadat alle computers werden geconfigureerd, zal Windows het draadloos
netwerk detecteren. Het voorbeeld toont de netwerknaam (SSID) in de lijst. Omdat
de versleuteling voor de eerste test werd uitgeschakeld, zal Windows u inlichten
over mogelijke veiligheidsrisico's. Aanvaard dat bericht voorlopig en klik op Ver-
binden.
 Als u nu Windows Verkenner opent, vindt u de andere computers in Mijn netwerk-
locaties. De procedure is dezelfde als voor een kabelnetwerk.
 WEP: veiligheid en draadloze netwerken
 In de standaardconfiguratie zijn draadloze netwerken zo goed als openbare parken
met gratis toegang. Alle gegevens worden door de radiogolven zomaar rondge-
strooid, en iedereen kan ze afluisteren of toegang krijgen tot uw computer. Voor de
eerste tests van de installatie zijn er geen beveiligingen nodig. Maar eenmaal het
netwerk goed werd ingesteld en de tests succesvol waren, is het ten zeerste aan-
geraden om uw gegevens te versleutelen en encryptie te gebruiken. De eenvoudige
maar efficiënte encryptietechniek die voor thuisnetwerken wordt gebruikt, heet WEP
(Wired Equivalent Privacy). Als u WEP gebruikt, maakt u een geheime sleutel die
alle gegevens versleutelt. Dat verbetert de veiligheid van uw draadloos netwerk.

--- Page 149 ---
Modem, Internet en netwerk    
25
 1. Om de WEP-encryptie te kunnen gebruiken hebt u een sleutel nodig. Alle
gegevens verzonden langs een netwerk zullen worden gecodeerd of versleuteld
met een formule. U kunt gratis sleutelgenerators op Internet downloaden. Ze zetten
een wachtwoord (bijv. 'abcdefghij') om in een sleutel (bijv.: 0F9Bn7I9KKM). Maar u
kunt zo'n sleutel ook gemakkelijk zelf maken. Hij bestaat uit een combinatie van
cijfers en letters, zonder spaties, maar speciale tekens zijn wel toegelaten.
 Denk er echter aan dat er verschillende niveaus van sleutels zijn. Windows gebruikt
gewoonlijk 104-bits-encryptie. Dat betekent dat uw sleutel 13 tekens lang wordt.
Een moderne 128-bits-encryptie gebruikt 26 tekens. De encryptie moet op alle
computers dezelfde zijn. Als een bepaalde computer enkel 64-bits-encryptie (10
tekens) ondersteunt, dan moet u die lengte ook op alle andere computers toe-
passen.
 
2. Nadat u een sleutel hebt gemaakt, of
een sleutelgenerator hebt gebruikt, klikt
u op Start/Configuratiescherm om het
Configuratiescherm te openen. Selecteer
het pictogram Netwerkverbindingen.
Kies uw WLAN-verbinding, klik er met de
rechtermuisknop op, en selecteer de op-
dracht Eigenschappen.
 Het venster met de netwerkeigen-
schappen verschijnt. Klik op het tabblad
Draadloze netwerken. Kies uw netwerk
uit de lijst en selecteer de knop Eigen-
schappen.
 
 
3. Schakel de encryptie in door de optie Gegevenscodering (WEP-compatibel)
aan te vinken. We raden u aan om ook Netwerkverificatie in te schakelen. De
volgende stap is het definiëren van de netwerksleutel.

--- Page 150 ---
26
    Geavanceerde configuratie en gebruik
 Schakel de optie De sleutel wordt mij
automatisch aangeleverd uit. Voer
vervolgens de sleutel in het veld Net-
werksleutel in. U hebt de configuratie
succesvol voltooid. Klik op OK om uw
instellingen te bevestigen en om de
encryptie voor de draadloze verbinding
in te schakelen.
 
 Herhaal de bovenstaande procedure voor alle computers in uw draadloos netwerk.
U moet per se op al uw computers precies dezelfde sleutel gebruiken. Zelfs een
klein verschil leidt tot verschillende coderingen, waardoor de computers elkaar niet
meer zullen begrijpen. Als u een foutbericht over de sleutellengte krijgt, dan onder-
steunt een van uw computers de lengte van uw sleutel niet. In dat geval moet u een
kortere sleutel kiezen, bijv. 104 bits (13 tekens) in plaats van 128 bits (26 tekens).
 WLAN-verbindingen: alleen inschakelen als ze nodig zijn
 U mag de WLAN-verbinding alleen inschakelen als u ze moet gebruiken. Als u al
een kabelnetwerk hebt, zult u de WLAN-verbinding slechts zelden gebruiken. In dat
geval raden we u aan om de WLAN-verbinding uit te schakelen. Als u slechts één
computer hebt, moet u ze zeker uitschakelen.
 Als u echter op een bepaald moment een draadloze verbinding nodig hebt, kunt u
ze met enkele klikken weer inschakelen.
 
1. Klik op Start/Configuratiescherm. Open het venster Configuratiescherm en
selecteer het pictogram Netwerkverbindingen.
 
2. Een nieuw venster toont de huidige netwerkverbinding. Kies uw WLAN-ver-
binding en klik er met de rechtermuisknop op. Er verschijnt een contextmenu.
Selecteer de opdracht Uitschakelen.

--- Page 151 ---
USB en FireWire-apparaten aansluiten    
27
Uw draadloze adapter is nog altijd aanwezig, maar
hij verstuurt of ontvangt nu geen gegevens meer.
Als u de WLAN op een later moment wilt gebruiken,
moet u enkel de stappen hierboven weer uitvoeren
en in het menu Inschakelen kiezen.
2.4 USB en FireWire-apparaten aansluiten
 
 Opmerking over hardware-poorten
 De poorten en connectoren op uw Targa-computermodel kunnen andere
functies en een ander design hebben!
USB-apparaten
 De USB-poort is een standaard voor computers en randapparatuur geworden. Om
de maximum snelheid voor gegevensoverdracht te verkrijgen, heeft uw computer
een hedendaagse USB 2.0-poort. Alle compatibele apparaten zullen veel sneller
communiceren dan met de oudere normen USB 1.0 en USB 1.1.  USB 2.0 is echter
volledig benedenwaarts compatibel met USB 1.0 en USB 1.1. Dat betekent dat u al
uw bestaande apparaten kunt blijven gebruiken, ook als ze enkel USB 1.0 of 1.1
ondersteunen. Er is geen speciale configuratie nodig, omdat de interface auto-
matisch alle verbonden apparaten detecteert en zich automatisch aanpast aan de
gepaste norm.
 De USB-poort ondersteunt zowel Plug en Play als hot-swapping. Plug en Play
betekent dat de computer de apparaten automatisch detecteert en een universeel

--- Page 152 ---
28
    Geavanceerde configuratie en gebruik
stuurprogramma installeert. Voor bepaalde specifieke apparaten zoals printers en
scanners wordt aangeraden dat u het stuurprogramma gebruikt dat door de fabri-
kant wordt geleverd. Dat stuurprogramma biedt gewoonlijk meer functies, doordat
het speciaal voor dat bijzondere apparaat werd ontwikkeld. Hot-swapping betekent
dat u nieuwe apparaten kunt aansluiten terwijl de computer draait. Windows zal het
apparaat onmiddellijk detecteren en aansluiten. Maar niet alle apparaten onder-
steunen die functie. Als de computer u vraagt om weer op te starten, moet u dat
doen.
 Hierna worden enkele apparaten opgesomd die u met de USB-poort kunt aansluiten.
•  externe harde schijven
•  digitale fotocamera's
•  digitale videocamera's
•  printers
•  scanners
•  modems (analoog/DSL)
•  ISDN (externe kaarten, PBX)
•  toetsenborden en muizen
•  en nog veel meer
 FireWire-apparaten
 Afhankelijk van het model en de accessoires ervan, heeft uw computer een Fire-
Wire-poort. Veel apparaten noemen die poort ook 'IEEE 1394'. FireWire biedt zeer
snelle gegevenstransmissie en is vooral geschikt voor toepassingen die grote
hoeveelheden gegevens versturen, zoals digitale foto- of digitale videocamera's.
Als u FireWire wilt gebruiken, moet u bij de aankoop van perifere apparaten letten
op de poorten die ze hebben.
 De FireWire-poort biedt op een gelijkaardige manier als USB Plug en Play en hot-
swapping. Daardoor moet u de apparaten alleen maar aansluiten. Windows detec-
teert ze automatisch en installeert het overeenkomstig stuurprogramma. Sommige
oudere FireWire-apparaten gebruiken die functie echter niet. In dat geval moet u
het apparaat aansluiten en Windows herstarten. Daarna detecteert Windows het
apparaat, en wordt het geconfigureerd.
 Hierna volgen enkele voorbeelden van typische FireWire-apparaten.
•  digitale videocamera's, bijv. DVCam, Digital8
•  digitale fotocamera's van hoge kwaliteit
•  externe schijven, bijv. DLT voor reservekopieën van gegevens
•  en enkele andere

--- Page 153 ---
Problemen oplossen    
29
3. Problemen oplossen, eerste hulp
en FAQ
 Uw Targa-pc is een zorgvuldig getest computersysteem van hoge kwaliteit met de
jongste technologie. Problemen en defecten kunnen echter nooit helemaal worden
vermeden. Om u te helpen om een volledig werkend systeem eventueel te her-
stellen, hebben we hier wat gedetailleerde informatie verzameld om de meest
voorkomende problemen te herkennen en op te lossen. Als u een probleem hebt,
doe dan het volgende:
•  Lees de paragraaf 'Problemen oplossen' hierna.
•  Probeer de oplossing van uw probleem te vinden in het hoofdstuk 'FAQ', vanaf
pagina 32.
 
 Opmerking
 U vindt de jongste FAQ over uw desktop onder Informatie van de fabrikant en
op het Internet. Ga naar www.service.targa.co.uk om de laatste FAQ en stuur-
programma's te vinden.
 
•  Lees het overeenkomstige hoofdstuk in deze handleiding.
•  Gebruikt Windows Systeemherstel, vanaf pagina 33
•  Als de computer niet kan opstarten of als er zich fouten voordoen tijdens het
opstartproces, gebruik dan de herstelsoftware op de EasyInstall cd/dvd, vanaf
pagina 37. Die software helpt u bij het herstellen van de opstart- en systeem-
bestanden van Windows, en om indien nodig de pc terug in te stellen op de
standaard fabrieksconfiguratie.
•  Bel onze hotline.
3.1  Problemen oplossen
 Als uw pc blijft hangen tijdens het draaien of opstarten, kan dat het gevolg zijn van
pas geïnstalleerde software. Dat kunt u als volgt oplossen:
•  Houd de [F8]-toets ingedrukt nadat u de pc hebt ingeschakeld, en selecteer de
optie Veilige modus in het opstartmenu. Klik op Start/Programma's/Bureau-

--- Page 154 ---
30
    Problemen oplossen, eerste hulp en FAQ
accessoires/Systeemwerkset/Systeemherstel om het systeem terug in te
stellen naar de instellingen van een moment toen het nog wel werkte. Als dat
niet werkt, gelieve dan alle andere herstelopties te proberen.
•  Verwijder de onlangs geïnstalleerde software via de optie Programma's
wijzigen of verwijderen in Software van het Configuratiescherm (dat werkt
ook in de Veilige modus).
•  Start de computer terwijl de Windows-CD zich in het station bevindt en houd
een lettertoets (bijvoorbeeld [H]) ingedrukt totdat Windows Setup wordt gestart.
Wacht tot alle bestanden werden ingeladen. Druk in het Windows Welkomst-
scherm op [Enter], bevestig de Gebruiksrechtovereenkomst door op [F8] te
drukken, en druk op [R] om een installatie te herstellen. (U moet alleen maar de
stuurprogramma's herinstalleren van de meegeleverde EasyInstall-dvd nadat
Windows werd hersteld.)
•  Neem contact op met fabrikanten van software van derden.
 Als u niets hoort, zijn er verschillende mogelijkheden voor het defect aan de hard-
ware of programma's. Om ze beter te definiëren, doet u het volgende:
•  Controleer de luidsprekers door ze aan te sluiten op de achterste en voorste
luidsprekeruitgangen.
•  Controleer de luidsprekers met een ander audio-uitvoerapparaat of sluit andere
luidsprekers (of oorluidsprekers) aan op uw computer.
•  Zorg ervoor dat het geluidskaartstuurprogramma geïnstalleerd is, en dat u de
geluidskaart hebt geselecteerd als het standaard audioapparaat. Daarvoor
opent u het Configuratiescherm en dubbelklikt u op Geluiden en audio-
apparaten. U klikt op het tabblad Audio en controleert of Realtek Audio als
standaard afspeelapparaat en opnameapparaat werd geselecteerd.
•  Klik op de knop Volume van het standaard afspeelapparaat en zorg dat er geen
vinkje staat op een van de opties Dempen. Sleep alle volumeknoppen naar een
gemiddeld geluidsniveau.
•  Herinstalleer het stuurprogramma van de chipset met het
geluidsstuurprogramma van de EasyInstall-dvd.
•  Neem contact op met onze hotline.
 Als u via de modem geen verbinding kunt leggen met het Internet, zijn er verschil-
lende oorzaken mogelijk. Volg deze stappen om het probleem te identificeren:
•  Verwijder de modem door het Apparaatbeheer te openen in Configuratie-
scherm/Systeem/Hardware. Klik op het plus-teken voor Modems, klik met de

--- Page 155 ---
Problemen oplossen    
31
rechtermuisknop op de modem en klik op de opdracht Installatie ongedaan
maken. De modem wordt uit de lijst verwijderd. Nu kunt u hem automatisch
herinstalleren door te klikken op Actie/Zoeken naar gewijzigde apparaten.
•  Voer ook een diagnose uit met het Apparaatbeheer. Dubbelklik op de modem,
open het tabblad Diagnostische gegevens, en klik op de knop Instellingen
opvragen. De lijst die verschijnt moet als eerste ingang Voltooid bevatten voor
een modem die goed werkt.
•  Probeer een andere modemkabel.
•  Wees er zeker van dat de modemkabel goed werd aangesloten op de modem-
poort.
•  Probeer een andere telefoonconnector (gemakkelijk met een notebook).
•  Probeer met een andere ISP te verbinden om Internettoegang te krijgen.
•  Leg een testverbinding met een normaal telefoonnummer (bijv.: uw mobiele
telefoon) door te klikken op Start/Programma's/Bureau-accessoires/
Communicatie/HyperTerminal.
 Geen beeld op een tv verbonden met mijn pc
•  U moet uw pc heropstarten om de tv te detecteren als een extra beeldscherm.
 Als u het monitorbeeld via de TV Out-poort naar de tv stuurt, en de tv toont een
leeg scherm, doe dan het volgende:
•  Zorg ervoor dat u de tv goed hebt aangesloten, dat hij is ingeschakeld en dat u
het juiste kanaal hebt gekozen voor u de computer inschakelt.
•  Schakel de TV Out-poort in via de software. Deze procedure wordt verklaard op
pagina 7.
 Als het beeld op de tv zwart-wit is, dan kan dat aan het tv-toestel liggen.
•  Wees er zeker van dat uw tv S-Video-signalen ondersteunt. Gelieve de docu-
mentatie van uw tv te lezen of contact op te nemen met de verkoper of de
fabrikant.
•  Als u een S-Video-kabel gebruikt, vervang hem dan door een gewone
Composiet-kabel (Euro-Cinch-aansluiting).
•  Gebruik de juiste S-Video-naar-Composiet-adapter in plaats van de normale
adapterstekker.
•  Test uw computer met een tv-toestel waarvan u zeker bent dat het S-Video
ondersteunt, bijv. in een winkel.

--- Page 156 ---
32
    Problemen oplossen, eerste hulp en FAQ
3.2  FAQ: veel gestelde vragen
 Waar kan ik reserveonderdelen en accessoires vinden?
 Targa biedt een breed gamma reserveonderdelen en accessoires voor uw pc aan.
U kunt een gedetailleerde lijst en meer informatie op het Internet vinden op:
  http://www.targa-online.com
 Informatie over stuurprogramma's, FAQ's en handleiding
 Om alle onderdelen van uw Targa-computer optimaal af te stellen, moet u regel-
matig de nieuwste stuurprogramma's installeren. U mag ze gratis downloaden van
de Targa Service site op het Internet.
 Daar vindt u ook meer FAQ's en deze handleiding als pdf-bestand voor Adobe
Acrobat Reader. Acrobat Reader biedt een comfortabele zoekfunctie. U gebruikt ze
via Bewerken/Zoeken, zodat u gemakkelijk de gewenste informatie en helpteksten
kunt vinden.
 U vindt het portaal van Targa Service op het Internet op:
  http://www.service.targa.co.uk
 Vervalt de garantie als het zegel wordt verwijderd?
 Oplossing: U mag de computerkast openen, maar u verliest de garantie voor
ontbrekende  onderdelen. D.w.z. nadat u het zegel hebt verwijderd, kunt u geen
ontbrekende onderdelen meer opeisen. Waarschuwing: Als oorspronkelijke
onderdelen tijdens de installatie van apparaten van derden worden beschadigd,
verliest u de garantie op de beschadigde onderdelen.
 Waarom wordt onder Deze computer een kleinere harde schijf getoond dan
waarmee werd geadverteerd, bijv. 298 Gb in plaats van de aangeboden
320 Gb?
Oplossing: dat komt door de verschillende eenheden die worden gebruikt om de
grootte te berekenen. Fabrikanten van harde schijven definiëren de grootte van één
kilobyte als 1.000 bytes. Maar één kilobyte is eigenlijk gelijk aan 1.024 bytes. De
werkelijke omvang van een vaste schijf van bijvoorbeeld 320 Gb is dus als volgt:
320.000.000.000 bytes zijn, volgens de definitie van de fabrikant, 320 Gb,
omdat zij altijd delen door 1.000.

--- Page 157 ---
Na de totale crash: Systeemherstel    
33
De juiste omvang is echter:
320.000.000.000 bytes / 1.024 = 312.500.000 kilobytes
312.500.000 kilobytes / 1.024 = 305.175,78125 MB
305.175,78125 MB / 1.024 = 298,023223876953 GB
Na afronding resulteert dit dus in een omvang van 298 Gb. Windows zal dit cijfer
afbeelden als de omvang van het volledige medium (bijv. in de Verkenner).
 Hoe kan ik de Autorun van cd-rom's in Windows XP in- en uitschakelen?
 Oplossing: Klik op Start/Uitvoeren
 
en voer 'regedit' in. Zoek naar de sleutel HKEY_
LOCAL_MACHINE\System\CurrentControlSet \Services\Cdrom  en dan naar de
ingang Autorun. Dubbelklik op de ingang om de waarde te wijzigen:
  1 = ingeschakeld  0 = uitgeschakeld
 Nadat u die waarde hebt gewijzigd, moet u de computer weer opstarten.
 Algemene informatie over updates van BIOS en Firmware
•  Gelieve alleen de officiële BIOS- en firmware-versies te gebruiken die u op onze
Service-website (www.service.targa.co.uk) vindt.
•  Gebruik nooit BIOS- of firmwareversies van derden. Door het gebruik ervan kunt
u de garantie verliezen.
•  Wees er zeker van dat de update geschikt is voor uw model, en gebruik alleen
goedgekeurde BIOS- en firmware-updates.
•  Gelieve altijd het bestand readme.txt te lezen.
 Hoe kan ik mijn BIOS bijwerken?
 Oplossing: Zoek de goede servicepagina op http://www.service.targa.co.uk door uw
serienummer in te voeren of zoek het juiste model van uw Targa-pc. Open het
tabblad Downloads en download het zip-bestand met de laatste BIOS-versie. Pak
het zip-bestand uit en volg de instructies in het meegeleverde bestand Readme.txt.
3.3 Na de totale crash: Systeemherstel
 Computers zijn erg dynamische toestellen. Spijtig genoeg kunnen er zich ge-
makkelijk onverwachte situaties voordoen, of het systeem kan slecht reageren op
een bepaalde instelling. Daardoor kan Windows onstabiel worden of zelfs helemaal
niet meer werken. Voor zulke gevallen heeft Windows XP een hulpprogramma,
genaamd Systeemherstel.

--- Page 158 ---
34
    Problemen oplossen, eerste hulp en FAQ
 Dat programma is een soort back-up-hulpprogramma voor de systeembestanden
van Windows. Het kopieert alle noodzakelijke configuratie- en installatiebestanden
op een moment dat er zich geen fouten voordoen. Als uw computer later problemen
heeft, kunt u de foutloze eerder opgeslagen toestand met enkele klikken herstellen.
 Om een foutloze werking van uw computer te herstellen moet u de functie Systeem-
herstel gebruiken. Gelieve er rekening mee te houden dat die functie enkel de be-
langrijkste instellingen van Windows opslaat. Windows zelf en uw privé-gegevens
worden niet mee opgeslagen. Daarvan moet u dus een aparte reservekopie maken.
 Herstelpunten maken
 De functie Systeemherstel werkt automatisch en maakt af en toe herstelpunten voor
uw systeem. U kunt echter ook handmatig herstelpunten maken. Als iets faalt, kunt
u de laatste opgeslagen toestand gemakkelijk herstellen.
 
1. Klik op Start/Programma's/Bureau-accessoires/Systeemwerkset/Systeem-
herstel om het hoofdvenster van Systeemherstel te openen. Selecteer daarna de
optie Een herstelpunt maken. Klik op Volgende om verder te gaan.
 
 2. Nu moet u het nieuwe controlepunt beschrijven. Kies een beschrijving die
gemakkelijk is te herkennen als u de computer later in een noodgeval wilt her-
stellen, bijv.: Volledige installatie of Vóór installatie programma XYZ. Klik op
Maken om de volgende stap uit te voeren.

--- Page 159 ---
Na de totale crash: Systeemherstel    
35
 3. Op dit moment zal het programma de belangrijkste systeembestanden opslaan.
De procedure kan een tijdje duren, afhankelijk van de hoeveelheid gegevens en de
snelheid van de computer. Tenslotte wordt de back-up in een venster bevestigd.
U hebt de back-up succesvol afgewerkt. Klik op Sluiten om het programma te ver-
laten, en klik op Start om terug te keren naar het welkomstvenster van Systeem-
herstel.
 Uw systeem herstellen met controlepunten
 Als u problemen hebt met Windows, kunt u op basis van de controlepunten een
vroegere toestand terugzetten en dus de normale werking van uw computer her-
stellen. Als u Windows nog kunt opstarten, start u het programma zoals gewoonlijk
via het menu Start. In sommige gevallen kan de herstelprocedure ook worden
gebruikt in de Veilige modus, bijv. als Windows niet zonder grote problemen kan
worden opgestart.
 Het systeem herstellen naar de normale werktoestand
 Als bij het starten van toepassingen foutboodschappen verschijnen of als er zich
andere problemen voordoen, zal Windows in de meeste gevallen toch normaal
werken. U kunt dan het Systeemherstel in normale werkomstandigheden starten.
 
1. Voer Systeemherstel uit door te klikken op Start/Programma's/Bureau-
accessoires/Systeemwerkset/Systeemherstel. Selecteer de optie Een eerdere
status van deze computer herstellen. Klik op Volgende om naar het volgende
venster te gaan.

--- Page 160 ---
36
    Problemen oplossen, eerste hulp en FAQ
 2. Dat venster toont een kalender. De dagen waarop een controlepunt werd ge-
maakt, worden in vetjes weergegeven. Het rechtervak bevat de verschillende
herstelpunten met hun beschrijving. De automatische dagelijkse herstelpunten
worden altijd Systeemherstelpunt genoemd. Selecteer de gewenste back-up en
klik op Volgende om naar het volgende venster te gaan.
 
3. Er verschijnt een venster dat u waarschuwt dat u alle programma's moet sluiten
voor u de herstelprocedure start. Gelieve die raad op te volgen. Het volgende
venster toont u weer de informatie over het herstelpunt dat u hebt gekozen.
 
 Als u twijfel aan uw keuze, klikt u op Vorige om terug te keren naar de kalender,
waar u een ander herstelpunt kunt kiezen. Als u de procedure helemaal wilt
annuleren, klikt u op Annuleren. Door op Volgende  te klikken start de herstel-
procedure.
 
4. Nadat u de herstelprocedure hebt opgestart, is Windows enige tijd bezig,
waarna het weer opstart en de huidige configuratie aanpast. Ten slotte wordt het
systeemherstel bevestigd en kunt u op OK klikken om het te aanvaarden.

--- Page 161 ---
Het systeem herstellen met de systeemherstelsoftware    
37
 Het systeem herstellen in Veilige modus
 Als Windows een groot probleem heeft, waardoor het niet normaal kan opstarten,
moet u het proberen te starten in Veilige modus. Dat is een noodmodus die een
minimale maar bijna altijd stabiele Windows-configuratie inlaadt.
 
1. Eerst moet u de computer handmatig herstarten. Nadat de normale installatie-
berichten werden getoond, laadt uw computer Windows. Druk nu snel op de [F8]-
toets, en hou ze ingedrukt.
 
2. Daardoor verschijnt een opstartmenu. Gebruik de cursortoetsen om Veilige
modus te selecteren, en druk op [Enter]. Dat moet u snel doen. Het menu bevat een
zichtbare teller die de normale modus na korte tijd opstart.
 
3. Windows start nu op in de Veilige modus. Uw computer laadt alleen de meest
noodzakelijke stuurprogramma's en onderdelen, waardoor het beeldscherm erg
groot en ongewoon gekleurd is. Dat is normaal in Veilige modus.
 
4. Start Systeemherstel via het menu Start, en voer de herstelprocedure uit. Het
programma werk net zoals hierboven beschreven. U kunt echter alleen het systeem
herstellen of een vorige herstelprocedure ongedaan maken. U kunt geen nieuwe
controlepunten maken. Daarna kunt u Windows op de normale manier starten of
andere aanpassingen uitvoeren.
3.4 Het systeem herstellen met de
systeemherstelsoftware
 De EasyInstall cd/dvd die met uw Targa-pc werd meegeleverd, bevat volledig
nieuwe herstelsoftware, waardoor u de pc geleidelijk kunt herstellen naar een
normale werktoestand. De software biedt vier opties:
•  Alleen opstartbestanden herstellen
•  Systeembestanden herstellen
•  Alle bestanden herstellen (laat gebruikersbestanden ongewijzigd)
•  Volledig herstel (alle bestanden worden verwijderd)
 Als uw pc niet kan opstarten, of alleen maar met problemen opstart, stop dan de
EasyInstall dvd-rom in uw cd/dvd-station en start uw computer weer op.

--- Page 162 ---
38
    Problemen oplossen, eerste hulp en FAQ
 1. Een waarschuwingsboodschap over het mogelijke verlies van gegevens ver-
schijnt. Klik op de knop Programma uitvoeren.
 
 2. In de volgende stap kunt u tussen de vier hiervoor vermelde opties kiezen.
 
 3. Als u problemen hebt met het opstarten van Windows, probeer dan eerst de
optie Alleen opstartbestanden herstellen.

--- Page 163 ---
Het systeem herstellen met de systeemherstelsoftware    
39
 4. Als u problemen hebt met systeembestanden van Windows, die u niet kunt
oplossen door Systeemherstel van Windows uit te voeren (zoals beschreven op
pagina 33), probeer dan de tweede optie: Systeembestanden herstellen.
 
5. Als de computer na die procedures nog altijd niet start, probeer dan de derde
optie: Alle bestanden herstellen (laat gebruikersbestanden ongewijzigd).  De
gebruikersbestanden worden behouden voor zover ze werden opgeslagen in de
vooraf gedefinieerde gebruikersmappen.
 
6. Alleen als ook die optie faalt, moet u de laatste kiezen: Volledig herstel (alle
bestanden worden verwijderd). Gelieve er rekening mee te houden dat die laatste
optie alle gegevens van uw pc zal verwijderen. Gebruik deze optie om de fabrieks-
instellingen voor de softwareconfiguratie terug te zetten.
 
 Belangrijk:
 Denk eraan dat de standaardconfiguratie van uw computer wordt hersteld als
u deze procedure start. Dan worden alle gegevens op uw vaste schijf gewist
(onder Windows is dat de C:-schijf). Als u dat niet wilt, verlaat dan de herstel-
software en maak eerst een back-up van uw persoonlijke gegevens (bijv. op
een cd of dvd). Voer deze stap opnieuw uit als u een back-up van al uw
gegevens hebt gemaakt.
 
 7. Start de herstelprocedure door te klikken op de knop Starten.

--- Page 164 ---
40
    Problemen oplossen, eerste hulp en FAQ
 8. Klik in het volgende scherm op de knop OK
om de waarschuwingsboodschap te bevestigen.
 
 
9. De systeemherstelprocedure
start. Die procedure kan een
tijdje duren. U kunt de vorderin-
gen van de herstelprocedure in
de vooruitgangsbalk zien.
 
 
 Belangrijk:
 Zet uw computer nooit uit terwijl het herstelproces aan de gang is. U mag het
herstelproces niet onderbreken!
 
 10. Nadat de herstelprocedure
werd voltooid, klikt u op Com-
puter opnieuw opstarten om
uw computer te herstarten.

--- Page 165 ---
Activering, registratie en serienummer    
41
Activering, registratie en serienummer
 Algemeen
 Alle meegeleverde programma's werden op uw computer vooraf geïnstalleerd en
zijn klaar voor gebruik. Als u echter een programma moet herinstalleren, gebruikt u
gewoonlijk een installatiewizard. Samen met uw persoonlijke gegevens (optie) moet
u een sleutel, serienummer en licentiecode of activeringscode invoeren. Die sleutel
maakt deel uit van de inhoud van uw computerpakket en kan zich op verschillende
plaatsen bevinden, bijvoorbeeld:
•  op de achterkant of bovenkant van de computer
•  op de cd/dvd gedrukt
•  op de voorkant/achterkant van de cd/dvd-verpakking
Software bestaat normaal uit een installatiemedium (cd, dvd, diskette), de licentie-
overeenkomst (in de handleiding of op het installatiemedium) en de installatie-
sleutel. Gelieve alle documenten, papieren, bewijzen of ontvangstbewijzen te
bewaren die met de pc werden meegeleverd. Ze kunnen belangrijke informatie
bevatten die u later nodig kunt hebben.
 Licentieovereenkomst
Een softwarelicentieovereenkomst vermeldt uw gebruiksrechten op de software.
Dat behandelt enkele belangrijke verschillen tussen de klant-gebruiker en de
fabrikant. Terwijl de klant-gebruiker gewoonlijk denkt dat hij de software heeft
gekocht (de eigendom ervan heeft verworven), geeft de fabrikant aan de klant
alleen maar het recht om de software onder bepaalde omstandigheden te
'gebruiken'. Normaal mag de software alleen worden gebruikt samen met het
computersysteem dat u hebt gekocht. Het commerciële gebruik ervan kan ook
beperkt zijn. Bovendien mag de software niet worden gebruikt om machines te
controleren of om wapens te ontwikkelen of te fabriceren. Een ander aspect is de
beperkte aansprakelijkheid van de fabrikant.
Als u niet alle bepalingen van de licentieovereenkomst aanvaardt, mag u de soft-
ware niet gebruiken. Sommige bepalingen van de licentieovereenkomst kunnen niet
helemaal legaal zijn. In dat geval zijn de betrokken bepalingen ongeldig, waardoor
ze op u geen betrekking hebben.
De licentieovereenkomst kan het recht bevatten om de software terug te geven als
u het niet eens bent met de bepalingen. Gelieve er rekening mee te houden dat het
betekent dat u de goederen aan de fabrikant teruggeeft, en niet dat u recht hebt op
een terugbetaling van de verkoper. U moet contact opnemen met de software-
fabrikant om hem erover in te lichten dat u de software wilt teruggeven. Omdat uw

--- Page 166 ---
42
    Activering, registratie en serienummer
computersysteem een product is met een prijs voor een totaalpakket, bestaan er
voor dit aanbod geen prijsbepalingen voor aparte terugbetalingen of terugbetalin-
gen van softwareonderdelen.  Prijsvergelijkingen zijn onmogelijk en daardoor zijn
terugbetalingen onmogelijk.
 Sleutels, codes en serienummers
Uw systeem heeft door sleutels, codes of serienummers een unieke identificatie.
Die verwijzen naar de verschillende componenten die met uw computer werden
meegeleverd, en die worden samen met alle andere informatie over het computer-
systeem door de fabrikant bijgehouden.
De sleutels, codes en serienummers van softwareonderdelen maken deel uit van
een beveiligingssysteem om illegaal en ongecontroleerd kopiëren en publiceren van
de software van de fabrikant te verhinderen. Daarom zijn er verschillende labels en
zegels die de authenticiteit van uw product verifiëren en waardoor de koper van die
codes de authentieke software kan gebruiken.
 Registratie en productactivering
Door uw software te registreren toont u dat u een licentie hebt, en dat u de licentie-
overeenkomst hebt aanvaard. Daardoor kan niemand anders uw licentie op het-
zelfde moment gebruiken. U bent niet verplicht om een product te registreren, maar
de meeste fabrikanten geven hun klanten de mogelijkheid om hun naam en adres
te registreren. Uw persoonlijke gegevens worden gewoonlijk gebruikt om u op de
hoogte te houden van de laatste product- en programmaversies.
Er is ook de productactivering. De productactivering werd door Microsoft geïntro-
duceerd en activeert de eerder beperkte functies van het product, zodat ze na de
activering volledig en ongelimiteerd kunnen worden gebruikt. Daardoor is het een
belangrijke stap verder dan registratie. De productactivering is een beveiligings-
mechanisme tegen softwarepiraterij. Het beschermt de consument ook tegen het
gebruik van illegale softwareproducten. Personen die illegale software gebruiken of
verspreiden schaden niet alleen zichzelf, maar ook de economie in het algemeen.

--- Page 167 ---
Beveiliging    
43
Beveiliging
 EMC-richtlijnen en veiligheidsnormen
Dit apparaat voldoet aan de normen EN 55022, EN 55024, EN 61000-3-2,
EN 61000-3-3 en EN 60950. De inbegrepen RF-apparaten, zoals WLAN,
voldoen aan de R&TTE-richtlijn (1999/5/EG, ETSI EN 300 328, EN 301489-1,
EN 301489-17). De meegeleverde tv-ontvanger voldoet aan de normen EN 55013
en EN 55020.
Wijzigingen in de apparatuur anders dan wijzigingen die worden aanbevolen door
de fabrikant kunnen ertoe leiden dat niet meer aan deze normen wordt voldaan. Om
de elektromagnetische compatibiliteit (EMC) van deze apparatuur te garanderen,
dient u de instructies in deze gebruikershandleiding te volgen.
 Opmerking voor de gebruiker
Deze apparatuur is getest en functioneert volgens deze tests binnen de grenzen
voor interferentie-onderdrukking. Als u externe signaalkabels gebruikt, let dan op
het volgende: als u een signaalkabel van de fabrikant vervangt, dient u ervoor te
zorgen dat de EMC-richtlijnen worden opgevolgd. De afschermingseigenschappen
van alle vervangen kabels dienen op zijn minst equivalent te zijn met die van de
oorspronkelijke kabels. U mag alleen afgeschermde kabels gebruiken en alleen
apparaten aansluiten die voldoen aan de veiligheids- en EMC-normen van dit
product.
Als u de hierboven vermelde punten niet naleeft, wordt niet meer aan die richtlijnen
voldaan.
•  Waarschuwing: Dit apparaat valt onder Veiligheidsklasse 1 en mag alleen
worden aangesloten op een geaard stopcontact.
•  De pc moet zo zijn opgesteld dat u vrij en onbelemmerd toegang hebt tot het
stopcontact, zodat u de stekker er in noodgevallen direct kunt uittrekken.
Vermijd het risico op brand als u het apparaat langere tijd niet gebruikt
(bijvoorbeeld tijdens vakanties). Haal de stekker altijd uit het stopcontact. Haal
de stekker van het apparaat uit het stopcontact als er onweer op komst is met
kans op bliksem.
Beoogd gebruik
Met de standaardconfiguratie is dit product niet ontworpen voor medische, levens-
reddende, reddings- of levensonderhoudende doeleinden. Het kan worden gebruikt

--- Page 168 ---
44
    Beveiliging
voor toepassingen thuis, op kantoor en in kleine ondernemingen (volgens de
normen EN 61000-6-1 / EN 61000-6-3). Dit omvat onder andere spellen,
communicatie, kantoortoepassingen enz.
Bovendien mag dit apparaat niet buitenshuis of in een tropisch klimaat worden
gebruikt. Alleen aansluitkabels en externe apparaten die voldoen aan de veilig-
heidsnormen en de elektromagnetische compatibiliteit en afscherming van dit
apparaat mogen worden gebruikt. Dit apparaat voldoet aan alle vereisten met
betrekking tot CE-conformiteit, relevante normen en standaards. Elke verandering
aan de apparatuur, anders dan door de fabrikant aanbevolen veranderingen, kan
ertoe leiden dat niet meer aan deze richtlijnen wordt voldaan. Gebruik enkel
accessoires die worden aanbevolen door de fabrikant.
Targa aanvaardt geen aansprakelijkheid voor schade die voortvloeit uit onbedoeld
gebruik van de pc.
Gebruiksomgeving
Plaats het apparaat op een stabiele, vlakke ondergrond en plaats geen (zware)
voorwerpen op het apparaat.
Het apparaat is niet bedoeld  voor gebruik in ruimten met een hoge temperatuur of
een hoge vochtigheid (bijv. badkamer) en moet stofvrij worden gehouden.
Werkingstemperatuur en -vochtigheid: 10 °C tot 35 °C, max. 85% relatieve lucht-
vochtigheid.
Neem de volgende voorzorgsmaatregelen.
•  Zorg voor voldoende ventilatie (plaats het apparaat niet op een plank, op een
dik vloerkleed, op een bed of ergens waar de ventilatieopeningen kunnen
worden afgedekt, en zorg altijd voor ten minste 10 cm vrije ruimte aan alle
zijden).
•  Houd het apparaat uit de buurt van directe warmtebronnen (zoals een ver-
warming).
•  Stel het apparaat niet bloot aan direct zonlicht of fel kunstlicht.
•  Vermijd contact met waternevel of -druppels en agressieve vloeistoffen. Gebruik
dit apparaat nooit in de buurt van water. Dit mag zeker niet ondergedompeld
worden. Plaats dus geen met vloeistoffen gevulde voorwerpen, zoals vazen, op,
boven of in de buurt van het apparaat.
•  Plaats het apparaat niet in de buurt van magnetische velden (zoals luid-
sprekers).
•  Plaats geen vuurbronnen (zoals kaarsen) op of naast het apparaat.

--- Page 169 ---
Beveiliging    
45
•  Plaats geen voorwerpen in het apparaat.
•  Stel het apparaat niet bloot aan grote temperatuurschommelingen, aangezien
dit kan leiden tot vocht door condensvorming.
•  Het apparaat mag niet worden blootgesteld aan hevige schokken en trillingen.
•  Gebruik alleen geaarde stopcontacten.
Batterijen en oplaadbare batterijen
Gebruik alleen oplaadbare batterijen en batterijen van hetzelfde type of een door de
fabrikant aanbevolen type. Plaats de batterijen en/of oplaadbare batterijen met de
juiste polariteit in het batterijvak. Gebruik nooit verschillende batterijen op oplaad-
bare tegelijk, bijvoorbeeld oude en nieuwe, alkaline en koolstof of batterijen en
oplaadbare batterijen.
Probeer niet om gewone batterijen op te laden; dit is alleen mogelijk met oplaad-
bare batterijen!
Haal batterijen en oplaadbare batterijen niet uit elkaar en zorg dat deze nooit in
contact komen met vuur. Bij verkeerd gebruik bestaat er explosiegevaar. Houd
batterijen en oplaadbare batterijen uit de buurt van kinderen.
Verwijder de batterijen als het apparaat gedurende lange tijd niet wordt gebruikt.
Niet-bedoeld gebruik kan leiden tot explosies en levensgevaar.
Respecteer het milieu! Gooi oude batterijen en oplaadbare batterijen niet bij het
gewone huisvuil! U moet ze inleveren op een verzamelpunt voor gebruikte
batterijen en oplaadbare batterijen.
 Laser (veiligheidswaarschuwing)
 Dit apparaat bevat een lasersysteem en wordt beschouwd als een 'Klasse 1 Laser-
product'. Raadpleeg de Bedieningsinstructies en lees deze grondig door voor
instructies over de juiste bediening. Bewaar deze instructies, zodat u ze later kunt
raadplegen. Als u problemen met uw pc ondervindt, neem dan contact op met
bevoegd service- of onderhoudspersoneel. Om directe blootstelling aan de laser-
straal te vermijden, mag u de kast van optische stations, zoals het DVD-ROM-
station of de DVD-brander, niet openen.
VOORZICHTIG! Laserstraling indien deksel wordt verwijderd!
 Deze apparatuur kan onderdelen bevatten die vallen onder Laserklasse 1 tot
Laserklasse 3B. Als het paneel gesloten is, voldoet deze apparatuur aan de eisen
voor Laserklasse 1. Als u de apparatuur opent, kunt u worden blootgesteld aan

--- Page 170 ---
46
    Beveiliging
laserapparaten tot Klasse 3B. De optische stations bevatten dit soort laserstraling.
Als u deze stations verwijdert of opent, dient u de volgende richtlijnen te volgen:
•  Kijk nooit in de laserstraal, zelfs niet met behulp van optische apparaten en
hulpmiddelen.
•  Stel uzelf niet bloot aan de laserstraal.
•  Voorkom dat uw ogen of huid direct of indirect (weerspiegeling/weerkaatsing)
worden blootgesteld aan straling.
 De geïnstalleerde optische stations bevatten geen onderdelen die door de gebruiker
kunnen worden onderhouden. Optische stations dienen uitsluitend onderhouden en
gerepareerd te worden door de fabrikant.
Belangrijke veiligheidsinstructies
•  Elektrische apparaten zijn niet bedoeld voor kinderen.
•  Laat kinderen niet zonder toezicht met elektrische apparaten spelen. Kinderen
zullen mogelijke risico's waarschijnlijk niet begrijpen.
•  Batterijen, oplaadbare batterijen en kleine onderdelen vormen een potentieel
verstikkingsgevaar. Houd batterijen buiten bereik van kinderen. Als batterijen
worden ingeslikt, dient u direct een arts te raadplegen.
•  Houd ook de verpakking uit de buurt van kinderen om het risico op verstikking te
voorkomen.
•  Als u een antenne koppelt aan dit apparaat, moet u dit laten aarden door een
technisch deskundige voor een adequate bescherming tegen spanningspieken
en elektrostatische ontlading.
•  Open uw pc niet! Wijzigingen in de hardware en reparaties dienen uitgevoerd te
worden door gemachtigde technici of gemachtigd servicepersoneel.
•  In uw pc zit een lithiumbatterij. De vervanging van deze batterij dient uitgevoerd
te worden door gemachtigd servicepersoneel.
•  Houd altijd het stekkergedeelte van de kabel vast en trek niet aan het snoer.
Houd het netsnoer nooit vast met natte handen, aangezien dit kan leiden tot
kortsluiting of een elektrische schok. Plaats het apparaat, zware voorwerpen of
meubels niet op de kabel en zorg ervoor dat de kabel niet klem komt te zetten,
vooral bij de connector en de aansluitingen.  Leg nooit een knoop in het net-
snoer en bind dit niet samen met andere kabels. Leg alle kabels zo neer dat
niemand er over kan struikelen of erdoor wordt gehinderd. Een beschadigd
netsnoer kan brand of een elektrische schok veroorzaken. Controleer het
netsnoer regelmatig. Gebruik nooit adapterstekkers of verlengkabels die niet
voldoen aan de huidige veiligheidseisen in uw land en wijzig nooit zelf een
netsnoer of een elektrische installatie.

--- Page 171 ---
Beveiliging    
47
•  Onderhoud is vereist als het apparaat op welke wijze dan ook beschadigd is,
bijvoorbeeld wanneer de stekker, het elektriciteitssnoer of de behuizing is
beschadigd, wanneer er objecten of vloeistoffen in het apparaat terechtgekomen
zijn, wanneer het apparaat is blootgesteld aan regen of vochtigheid, wanneer
het niet normaal werkt of wanneer het is gevallen. Als u merkt dat het apparaat
rook, geur of vreemde geluiden produceert, schakelt u het apparaat onmiddellijk
uit en trekt u de stekker uit het stopcontact. Gebruik het apparaat verder niet
meer en laat het nakijken door erkende servicemedewerkers. Neem contact op
met een gekwalificeerde onderhoudsmonteur wanneer onderhoud vereist is.
Open nooit de behuizing van het apparaat, de netvoeding of andere accessoires.
Als de behuizing wordt geopend, loopt u levensgevaar door het risico op een
elektrische schok.
•  Reinig het apparaat uitsluitend met een schone, droge doek.
•  Wanneer u perifere apparaten verbindt, zorg er dan voor dat de kabels niet te
kort zijn en dat zij de connectoren niet mechanisch verbuigen.
•  De computer zal al uw gegevens opslaan op media met een magnetisch
oppervlak. Houd uw pc daarom uit de buurt van bronnen die magnetische en
elektromagnetische velden opwekken.
Aanvullende veiligheidsinstructies voor apparaten met
draadloos LAN
Uw pc bevat een draadloos LAN-apparaat. Daarom moet u de volgende veiligheids-
instructies lezen en opvolgen wanneer u met uw pc werkt:
•  Schakel de draadloze adapter van uw pc uit in een ziekenhuis, een operatie-
ruimte of in de buurt van medische apparatuur! De RF-signalen kunnen de
werking van medische apparatuur verstoren.
•  Plaats de pc op ten minste 20 cm van een pacemaker, aangezien de RF-
signalen de werking van de pacemaker kunnen verstoren.
•  De verzonden RF-signalen kunnen storing in gehoorapparaten veroorzaken.
•  Plaats de pc niet met ingeschakelde draadloze adapter in de buurt van ont-
vlambare gassen of in een ruimte met explosiegevaar, aangezien de verzonden
RF-signalen explosies of brand kunnen veroorzaken.
•  Het bereik van de RF-signalen hangt af van de omgeving.
•  Als u draadloze gegevens verzendt, kunnen deze gegevens worden ontvangen
door onbevoegde personen.
TARGA GmbH is niet aansprakelijk voor enige storing van RF- of tv-signalen die
het gevolg is van ongeoorloofde wijzigingen in dit apparaat. Bovendien aanvaardt
TARGA geen aansprakelijkheid voor het vervangen van kabels of apparaten die

--- Page 172 ---
48
    Beveiliging
niet uitdrukkelijk zijn goedgekeurd door TARGA GmbH. De gebruiker is als enige
verantwoordelijk en aansprakelijk voor het oplossen van problemen met storing die
wordt veroorzaakt door ongeoorloofde wijziging van dit apparaat en voor het
vervangen van apparaten.
CE-keurmerk voor apparaten met draadloos LAN
Dit apparaat voldoet aan richtlijn 1999/5/EG van het Europees Parlement en de
Raad van 9 maart 1999 met betrekking tot radio- en telecommunicatie-apparatuur
en voldoet aan de eisen voor wederzijdse immuniteit en conformiteit.
Veiligheid
Deze pc mag worden gebruikt in België, Denemarken, Duitsland, Finland, Frankrijk,
Griekenland, Groot-Brittannië, Ierland, Italië, Luxemburg, Nederland, Oostenrijk,
Portugal, Zweden, Zwitserland, Spanje, IJsland, Liechtenstein en Noorwegen.
Voor informatie over mogelijke beperkingen neemt u contact opnemen de
betreffende instantie van het land. Als uw land hier niet wordt vermeld, neem dan
contact op met een andere regelgevingsinstantie om te achterhalen of u dit product
in uw land mag gebruiken.
België – www.bipt.be Nederland – www.opta.nl
Denemarken – www.tst.dk Oostenrijk – www.rtr.at
Duitsland – www.regtp.de Portugal – www.urt.gov.pt
Finland – www.fi cora.fi Zweden – www.pts.se
Frankrijk – www.art-telecom.fr Zwitserland – www.bakom.ch
Griekenland – www.eett.gr Spanje – www.cmt.es
Engeland – www.oftel.gov.uk IJsland – www.pta.is
Ierland – www.comreg.ie Liechtenstein – www.ak.li
Italië – www.agcom.it Noorwegen – www.npt.no
Luxemburg – www.etat.lu/ILT
Beperkingen
Frankrijk
Beperkte frequentieband. Alleen de kanalen 10 en 11 (2.457 MHz en 2.462 MHz)
mogen in Frankrijk worden gebruikt. Gebruik buitenshuis van dit apparaat is niet
toegestaan.
Informatie: www.art-telecom.fr

--- Page 173 ---
Beveiliging    
49
Italië
Er is tevens een ministeriële licentie vereist voor gebruik binnenshuis. Neem
contact op met de leverancier voor de vereiste procedure.
Gebruik buitenshuis van dit apparaat is niet toegestaan.
Informatie: www.agcom.it
Nederland
Voor gebruik buitenshuis is een licentie vereist. Neem contact op met de
leverancier voor de vereiste procedure.
Informatie: www.opta.nl
RF-frequenties voor draadloze LAN-apparaten
Neem voor de meest recente informatie contact op met de betreffende instantie van
uw land (zoals www.opta.nl).
Frequenties
Volgens IEEE-norm 802.11b+g zijn draadloze LAN-adapters ontworpen voor ge-
bruik op de ISM- frequentieband (industrieel, wetenschappelijk, medisch) tussen
2,4 en 2,4835 GHz. Aangezien elk van de 11 beschikbare kanalen een DSSS-
bandbreedte (Direct Sequence Spread Spectrum) van 22 MHz vereist, zijn er
maximaal drie onafhankelijke kanalen beschikbaar (bijvoorbeeld kanaal 3, 8 en 11).
In de volgende tabel worden de kanalen vermeld die in elk land mogen worden
gebruikt:
Kanaal MHz Europa, R&TTE Frankrijk, R&TTE
1 2412 X
2 2417 X
3 2422 X
4 2427 X
5 2432 X
6 2437 X
7 2442 X
8 2447 X
9 2452 X
10 2457 X X
11 2462 X X

--- Page 174 ---
50
    Beveiliging
Bepalingen – uitsluiting van aansprakelijkheid
Uitsluiting van aansprakelijkheid voor draadloze LAN-apparaten
Draadloze LAN-apparaten moeten worden geïnstalleerd en gebruikt in overeen-
stemming met de instructies in de gebruikersdocumentatie. Deze gebruikers-
documentatie maakt deel uit van het productpakket. Wijzigingen in het apparaat die
niet uitdrukkelijk zijn goedgekeurd door de fabrikant, kunnen de toestemming tot
gebruik van het apparaat tenietdoen. De fabrikant is niet aansprakelijk voor storing
in de ontvangst van radio- en tv-signalen die het gevolg is van ongeoorloofde
wijzigingen in het apparaat of van het vervangen of installeren van kabels en
accessoires die niet uitdrukkelijk worden aanbevolen door de fabrikant. Het is de
volledige verantwoordelijkheid van de gebruiker om problemen met storing die
wordt veroorzaakt door ongeoorloofde wijzigingen of het vervangen of installeren
van onderdelen te verhelpen. De fabrikant noch de gemachtigde verkopers of
leveranciers zijn aansprakelijk voor enige schade of overtreding van bestaande
wetten die voortvloeit uit het schenden van deze bepalingen.
Verwijdering van oude apparaten
1. Als het product een label met een doorgestreepte afvalbak bevat, is
het onderworpen aan de Europese richtlijn 2002/96/EC.
2. Alle elektrische en elektronische apparaten moeten worden ge-
scheiden van huishoudelijk afval en bij de juiste afvalverwerkings-
instantie worden ingeleverd.
3. Voorkom milieurisico's en risico’s voor uw eigen gezondheid door het apparaat
op de juiste manier als afval te verwerken.
4. Voor meer informatie over een juiste afvalverwerking neemt u contact op met de
plaatselijke overheid, de gemeentereiniging of de winkel waar u het apparaat
het gekocht.
Conformiteit
U vindt de CE-conformiteitsverklaring op www.service.targa.de en
www.service.targa.co.uk.

--- Page 175 ---
Woordenlijst    
51
Woordenlijst
AGP (Accelerated Graphics Port)
Het meest gebruikte busslot voor grafische
adapters. Beschikbaar in vier snelheden:
1x = 264 MB/s, 2x = 528 MB/s, 4x = 1 056
MB/s, 8x = 2 112 MB/s
BIOS (Basic Input/Output System)
Het Basic Input/Output Systeem is het basis-
programma van elke computer. Het is opge-
slagen in een chip op het moederbord. U
kunt er de basisinstellingen mee aanpassen,
zoals de parameters voor de harde schijf, de
interface en opties voor stroombesparing. De
BIOS-instellingen werden in de fabriek voor
normaal gebruik geoptimaliseerd. Omdat
wijzigingen aan die instellingen het systeem
kunnen doen crashen of slecht doen werken,
moet u de gebruikershandleiding lezen of
een computerexpert raadplegen.
CD-R
Een eenmaal beschrijfbare lege cd.
CD-RW
Een lege cd waarop meerdere keren met een
cd-brander kan worden geschreven (onge-
veer 1000x).
CPU (Central Processing Unit)
= Processor
De processor is het hart van elke computer.
Hij is op het moederbord op een socket
geïnstalleerd. CPU's en hun klokfrequentie
zijn de belangrijkste factor om de verwer-
kingssnelheid van de computer te bepalen.
De huidige processors met hun hoge
prestaties hebben een koelventilator nodig.
DDR-SDRAM (Double Data Rate-
SDRAM)
DDR-SDRAM is een zeer snel soort geheugen
dat twee keer zo snel gegevens kan over-
brengen als gewoon SDRAM.
DirectX
Multimedia-programma-interface ontwikkeld
door Microsoft. Programma's, vooral com-
puterspelletjes, kunnen er snel grafische,
audio- en netwerkfuncties mee uitvoeren en
spelletjeshardware mee aansturen zoals
joysticks of stuurwielen.
DSL (Digital Subscriber Line)
DSL om gegevens langs conventionele tele-
communicatiedraden (bijv. koperen telefoon-
draden) aan hoge overdrachtssnelheden te
versturen. Een DSL-verbinding is ongeveer
tien keer sneller dan ISDN. DSL heeft
speciale modems nodig.
DVD-ROM (Digital Versatile Disc)
Opvolger van de Compact Disc. DVD-Rom
heeft dezelfde afmetingen als een cd, en kan
alleen worden gelezen. Er bestaan verschil-
lende capaciteiten. 4,7 Gb (DVD-5, enkel-
zijdig), 8,6 Gb (DVD-9, enkelzijdig, dubbel
gelaagd), 9,4 Gb (DVD-10, dubbelzijdig,
moet worden omgedraaid), 17 Gb (DVD-18,
dubbelzijdig, dubbel gelaagd).
DVD-R
Een eenmaal beschrijfbare maar meerdere
(oneindig) keren leesbare dvd met een
capaciteit van 4,7 GB.
DVD-RW
DVD die meerdere keren (ongeveer 1000x)
kan worden beschreven en een oneindig
aantal keer kan worden gelezen, met een
capaciteit van 4,7 Gb.
Ethernet
Ethernet is de meest gebruikte netwerk-
architectuur ter wereld. Het heeft een maxi-
mum gegevensoverdrachtsnelheid van 10 of
100 MB/s om verschillende computers met
elkaar te verbinden.

--- Page 176 ---
52
    Woordenlijst
Firewall
Een programma geïntegreerd in het commu-
nicatiepad dat onrechtmatige toegang tot de
pc van buitenaf verhindert. Normaal beveiligt
een firewall de Internetverbinding.
FireWire, iLink, IEEE-1394
IEEE-1394 is een industriestandaard voor
een seriële bus met snelle gegevensover-
dracht. FireWire werd vooral erg populair
voor toepassingen met digitale video. Door
de snelle gegevensoverdracht tot 400 MB/s
ervan is het een ideale keuze voor multi-
media.
ISDN (Integrated Services Digital
Network)
Digitaal draadnetwerk. Het belangrijkste
verschil met het analoge telefoonnetwerk is
dat ISDN digitale signalen verstuurt.
LAN (Local Area Network)
Gewone term voor lokaal netwerk. Normaal
is er geen openbare toegang mogelijk.
Netwerk
Een netwerk is een groep computers die met
elkaar communiceren. Het Internet is het
grootste netwerk ter wereld.
Mainboard (ook moederbord)
Het moederbord van de pc bevat de pro-
cessorsocket, chipsets, uitbreidingsslots, ge-
heugenbus en verschillende interfaces met
de buitenwereld.
Modem (Modulator/Demodulator)
Uw pc gebruikt de modem om in te bellen via
het normale analoge telefoonnetwerk om met
computers op afstand te communiceren,
waaronder computers die deel uitmaken van
het Internet.
PCI Bus (Peripheral Component
Interconnect)
De laatste technologie voor pc-uitbreidings-
kaarten met 32 bits busbreedte en 33 MHz
klokfrequentie. Het kan tot 132 MB/s ver-
sturen.
Plug en Play of PnP
Betekent 'inpluggen en spelen'. Computer-
technologie waarmee onderdelen zichzelf
automatisch configureren. Windows detec-
teert uitbreidingskaarten (zoals netwerk-
kaarten of modems) automatisch en voert
alle noodzakelijke instellingen uit.
SPDIF
SPDIF is de afkorting voor 'Sony/Philips
Digitale Interface'. Het is een standaard
kabelaansluiting voor digitale audiogegevens
die werd gedefinieerd door Sony en Philips.
Met een SPDIF-kabel en -connector kunt u
muziekgegevens tussen twee audioappara-
ten overbrengen. Als het werd meegeleverd,
moet u de meegeleverde SPDIF-kabel ge-
bruiken.
USB (Universal Serial Bus)
De afkorting USB betekent 'Universele
Seriële Bus'. USB is een eenvoudige maar
ook universele interface voor bijna elk soort
apparaat, van muizen en toetsenborden,
via joysticks en gamepads, tot scanners,
modems, geheugenkaarten, digitale camera's
en MP3-spelers.
VGA-kabel/connector
VGA is de afkorting van Video Graphics
Adapter en wijst op de grafische kaart van uw
computer. Analoog worden ook alle compo-
nenten die nodig zijn voor de weergave van
het beeld VGA-componenten genoemd.

--- Page 177 ---
Woordenlijst    
53
WHQL (Microsoft Windows Hardware
Quality Labs)
Een certificatiestandaard voor hardware
ingevoerd door Microsoft, dat verschillende
criteria test (compatibiliteit, configuratie, enz.)
in de vermelde labs.
Als het product aan de criteria voldoet, krijgt
het het certificaat 'Microsoft WHQL goed-
gekeurd', en is het dus goedgekeurd voor
gebruik met Windows. Alle Targa-pc's en
-notebooks voldoen aan die kwaliteitseisen.
WLAN – Wireless LAN
WLAN is de afkorting van Wireless LAN, wat
betekent 'draadloos netwerk'.

--- Page 178 ---
54
    Index
Index
Aansluiten van een tv-toestel  .......................... 8
Accessoires ................................................... 32
Afbeeldingen overbrengen  ............................ 11
Automatisch detecteren, USB  ....................... 27
Back-up, Systeemherstel  .............................. 33
Beamer ............................................................ 9
Beveiliging, WLAN  ........................................ 24
BIOS .............................................................. 33
CD-ROM
Parkeerstand  .............................................. 6
Compact Flash-kaarten ................................. 11
Computer
Directe verbinding ..................................... 18
Naam ........................................................ 19
WLAN  ....................................................... 21
Crossover-kabel  ............................................ 18
Directe verbinding  ......................................... 18
DVD-ROM
Parkeerstand  .............................................. 6
Eerste configuratie  .......................................... 5
Eerste installatie .............................................. 5
Encryptie, WLAN ........................................... 25
FAQ ............................................................... 32
FireWire
Hot-swappen  ............................................ 28
IEEE 1394  ................................................ 28
Plug en Play  ............................................. 28
Firmware  ....................................................... 33
Gegevens overbrengen, Geheugenkaarten  .. 11
Geheugenkaarten, Verwijderen ..................... 12
Grafische adapter
Resolutie  .................................................... 7
TV-uitvoer ................................................... 8
Handleiding  ................................................... 32
Hardware, WLAN  .......................................... 21
Hot-swappen
FireWire .................................................... 28
USB .......................................................... 27
IEEE 1394 ..................................................... 28
Inbelnetwerk
Algemene informatie ................................. 13
Gebruikersnaam ....................................... 16
Internet  ..................................................... 13
Wachtwoord .............................................. 16
Internet
Gebruikersnaam .......................................  16
Inbelnetwerk .............................................  13
Wachtwoord  .............................................  16
Internettoegang .............................................  16
Kaartlezer
Algemene informatie  ................................  10
CF-kaarten  ...............................................  11
Kaarten verwijderen  .................................  12
Memory Stick  ...........................................  11
Microdrive .................................................  11
Overbrengen  ............................................  11
SD-kaarten ...............................................  11
SmartMedia ..............................................  11
LAN
Draadloos .................................................  21
Instellen ....................................................  18
Memory Stick  ................................................  11
Microdrive  .....................................................  11
Modem
Gebruikersnaam .......................................  16
Inbelnetwerk .............................................  13
Installeren .................................................  13
Telefoonconnector  ...................................  13
Wachtwoord  .............................................  16
Monitor, Resolutie ...........................................  7
Netwerk
Automatisch configureren .........................  17
Computernaam  ........................................  19
Configureren met de wizard .....................  17
Draadloos .................................................  21
SSID .........................................................  23
Werkgroep ................................................  20
WLAN, algemeen .....................................  21
Patch-kabel ...................................................  18
Plug en Play
FireWire ....................................................  28
USB ..........................................................  27
Projector  .........................................................  9
Reserveonderdelen .......................................  32
Scherm, Resolutie ...........................................  7
SD-kaarten ....................................................  11
Service ..........................................................  29
SmartMedia ...................................................  11
SSID  .............................................................  23

--- Page 179 ---
Index    
55
Stuurprogramma ...........................................  32
Systeemherstel
Algemene informatie  ................................  33
Back-ups maken  ......................................  34
Basis  ........................................................  34
Controlepunten .........................................  34
Onder normale werkomstandigheden  ......  35
Uw systeem herstellen .............................  35
Veilige modus ...........................................  37
TCP/IP
Wizard ......................................................  17
WLAN .......................................................  23
Telefoonconnector  ........................................  13
TV toestel, Aansluiten .....................................  8
Update  ..........................................................  32
BIOS  ........................................................  33
USB
1.0 ............................................................  27
1.1 ............................................................  27
2.0 ............................................................  27
Compatibiliteit  ..........................................  27
Hot-swappen ............................................  27
USB
Oudere apparaten ..................................... 27
Plug en Play .............................................. 27
Verwijderbare media ...................................... 12
Verwijderen van geheugenkaarten ................ 12
Videoprojector  ................................................. 9
WEP  .............................................................. 24
Werkgroep ..................................................... 20
Windows
Computernaam ......................................... 19
Eerste configuratie ...................................... 5
Werkgroep  ................................................ 20
Wizard Netwerk instellen  .......................... 18
Windows eerste installatie ............................... 6
Wizard Netwerk instellen ............................... 18
WLAN ............................................................ 21
Algemeen .................................................. 21
Beveiliging  ................................................ 24
Configureren ............................................. 22
SSID  ......................................................... 23
TCP/IP ...................................................... 23
WEP .......................................................... 24

--- Page 181 ---







Português 
$YLVR
$QWHVGHXWLOL]DUHVWHGLVSRVLWLYRSHODSULPHLUDYH]OHLDDVVHJXLQWHVQRWDVQHVWH
PDQXDOHSUHVWHDWHQomRDWRGRVRVDYLVRVPHVPRVHHVWLYHUKDELWXDGRDOLGDUFRP
GLVSRVLWLYRVHOHFWUyQLFRV*XDUGHHVWHPDQXDOQXPORFDOVHJXURSDUDIXWXUDUHIHUrQ
FLD6HYHQGHURXFHGHUHVWHGLVSRVLWLYRDRXWUDSHVVRDpLPSHUDWLYRTXHRIDoD
DFRPSDQKDUGHVWHPDQXDO
Microsoft
®
 e Windows
®
 são marcas comerciais registadas da Microsoft Corporation.  
Todas as outras marcas comerciais são propriedade dos respectivos titulares.

--- Page 183 ---
Índice    
1
 
Índice 
1.
 
Iniciação Rápida em Cinco Minutos ................... 3
 
1.1
 
Conectores e Portos ............................................................. 3
 
1.2
 
Ligar os Cabos e Ligar o Computador.................................. 5
 
Ligar o Computador e o Monitor........................................... 5
 
Ligar o Rato e o Teclado ....................................................... 5
 
1.3 Iniciar o Windows pela Primeira Vez....................................... 6 
2.
 
Configuração e Manuseio Avançados................. 7
 
2.1  Placa Gráfica ........................................................................ 7 
Configurar o Monitor e a Placa Gráfica ................................ 7
 
Saída da Imagem numa TV.................................................. 8
 
2.2  Leitor de Cartões ................................................................... 11 
Inserir um Cartão de Memória.............................................. 11
 
Transferir e Gravar Dados para o e no PC ........................... 11
 
Remover com Segurança um Cartão de Memória............... 12
 
2.3  Modem, Internet e Rede ........................................................ 13 
Conectar o Modem ............................................................... 13
 
Configurar o Acesso Telefónico à Rede ............................... 14
 
Configurar a Rede ................................................................ 18
 
WLAN – Configurar uma Rede sem Fios ............................. 22
 
WEP – Segurança e Redes sem Fios.................................. 26
 
Ligações WLAN – Apenas as Active Quando  
delas Precisar ....................................................................... 28
 
2.4  Ligar Dispositivos USB e FireWire........................................ 29 
Dispositivos USB .................................................................. 29
 
Dispositivos FireWire ............................................................ 30
 
3.  Resolução de Problemas, Primeiros Socorros e  
FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions ---- Questões 
Frequentemente Colocadas)............................... 31
 
3.1  Resolução de Problemas....................................................... 32 
3.2  FAQ – Questões Frequentemente Colocadas ....................... 34 
3.3  Se Está Tudo Bloqueado – o Restauro do Sistema.............. 36 
Criando Pontos de Restauro do Sistema ............................. 36

--- Page 184 ---
2
    Índice 
 
Restaurando o seu Sistema Usando Pontos de Restauro... 37
 
3.4  Restaurar o Sistema Usando o Software de Recuperação  
do Sistema ............................................................................ 40 
Activação, Registo e Número de Série .................... 45
 
Segurança ................................................................. 47
 
Aviso.......................................................................... 47
 
Compatibilidade Electromagnética e Normas de  
Segurança............................................................................. 47
 
Nota para o Utilizador ........................................................... 47
 
Tipo de Utilização a que este Dispositivo se Destina........... 48
 
Características do Ambiente de Funcionamento.................. 48
 
Pilhas e Pilhas Recarregáveis .............................................. 49
 
LASER (Aviso de Segurança)............................................... 50
 
Instruções Importantes Relativas a Segurança.................... 50
 
Instruções de Segurança Adicionais para Dispositivos de  
Rede sem Fios...................................................................... 52
 
CE Marking 
para Dispositivos com Rede sem Fios ............. 53
 
Restrições............................................................................. 53
 
Radiofrequências para Dispositivos de Rede sem Fios....... 54
 
Normas – Desresponsabilização.......................................... 55
 
Descarte de Dispositivos Antigos ......................................... 55
 
Conformidade ....................................................................... 55
 
Glossário ................................................................... 56
 
Índice Remissivo....................................................... 59
 
 
 
Aviso! 
Os CDs dos controladores podem não estar actualizados. Pode encontrar os 
últimos controladores, aprovados e testados, no CD/DVD EasyInstall ou no 
nosso site da Internet www
.service.targa.co.uk.

--- Page 185 ---
Ligar os Cabos e Ligar o Computador     3 
 
1.  Iniciação Rápida em Cinco Minutos 
1.1  Conectores e Portos 
 
1  Visor 
2  Botão Quick Media 
3  Botão de energia 
4  Unidade de DVDs-ROM 
5  Botão de ejecção da unidade de DVDs-ROM 
6  Gravador de DVDs / CDs 
7  Botão de ejecção do gravador de DVDs / CDs 
8  Acesso dianteiro para a baía das unidades de 5.25 . 
9  Tampa dianteira (leitor de cartões e portos de 
ligação) 
10  Grelha para Ventilação 
 
 
 
 
1  SD, SD-Mini, MMC, RS-MMC 
2  Ranhura para CompactFlash / Microdrive 
3  Ranhura para Smart Media  / xD 
4  Ranhura para Memory Stick / Pro 
5  Entrada S-Vídeo 
6  Entrada Vídeo Compósito 
7  Entrada de Linha de Áudio (apenas para AV) 
8  Entrada para Microfone 
9  Saída de Linha de Áudio 
10  Interface eSATA 
11  Porto FireWire (4 pinos, 6 pinos) 
12  Portos USB (4)

--- Page 186 ---
4
    Iniciação Rápida em Cinco Minutos 
 
 
 
1  Tomada eléctrica 
2  Interruptor de energia 
3  Selo de segurança 
4  Designação do produto e número de 
série 
5  Conector SCART (Euro AV) 
6  Conectores PS/2 
7  Saída/entrada digital SPDIF (Coaxial) 
8  Interface paralela 
9  Interface eSATA 
10  Saída/entrada digital SPDIF (Óptica) 
11  Portos USB (4) 
12  Porto FireWire (6 pinos) 
13  Conector para rede / LAN / Ethernet 
14  Conector para coluna de som central / 
subwoofer 
15  Conector para colunas de som laterais 
16  Conector para colunas de som traseiras 
17  Conector para microfone 
18  Saída de Linha de Áudio / conector para 
colunas de som dianteiras (conector para 
colunas de som estéreo) 
19  Entrada de Linha de Áudio 
20  Bloqueio da caixa 
21  Conector para monitor digital DVI/-I 
22  Conector para monitor analógico VGA 
23  Saída S-Vídeo 
24  Interface série 
25  Entrada de sinal de TV  DVB-S 
26  Entrada de sinal de TV  digital, 
analógico, DVB-T 
27  Entrada de antena FM 
28  Conector RJ-11 para modem

--- Page 187 ---
Ligar os Cabos e Ligar o Computador     5 
 
1.2 Ligar os Cabos e Ligar o Computador 
Ligar o Computador e o Monitor 
1.
 Ligue o PC a uma tomada de parede inserindo o 
cabo de corrente fornecido na respectiva tomada. 
2.
 Mude a posição do interruptor principal, situado na 
parte de trás do computador, de forma a que a marca 
"I" esteja em baixo. De agora em diante, pode deixar 
este interruptor principal permanentemente ligado, e 
usar o botão localizado na parte de frente do compu-
tador para ligar e desligar o PC. 
3.
 Ligue o cabo VGA do monitor ao respectivo porto 
do computador. Se utilizar um ecrã plano dos mais 
modernos que contenha um porto DVI, pode ligá-lo a 
este porto. Tal fornecer-lhe-á um sinal de melhor 
qualidade. Não force as partes mecânicas e apenas 
aperte os parafusos manualmente. 
4.
 Conecte o monitor a uma tomada eléctrica de 
parede e ligue-o. 
Ligar o Rato e o Teclado 
1.
 Antes de tudo, as pilhas ou as pilhas recarre-
gáveis devem ser inseridas no teclado e no rato. 
Abra o compartimento na parte de baixo do rato 
e insira as pilhas. Respeite as marcas de polari-
dade. 
2.
 De seguida, abra o compartimento das pilhas 
na parte de baixo do teclado e insira-as, respei-
tando igualmente as marcas de polaridade. 
3.
 Ligue o receptor sem fios a um porto USB no 
PC. Para tal, pode utilizar qualquer dos portos 
USB, por exemplo, um dos localizados na parte de trás do computador. 
4.
 Agora, os dispositivos têm de ser sincronizados. Ligue o computador. Prima o 
botão de configuração no receptor sem fios para que este procure novos dispositi-
vos. Agora, dentro dos 15 segundos seguintes, deve premir o botão ID localizado

--- Page 188 ---
6
    Iniciação Rápida em Cinco Minutos 
 
na parte de baixo do teclado e depois um botão idêntico localizado na parte de 
baixo do rato. 
Nota:
 O cabo USB do rato é para carregar as pilhas recarregáveis do rato! 
1.3 Iniciar o Windows pela Primeira Vez 
Antes de tudo, tem de ligar o dispositivo mudando de posição o interruptor de 
energia principal. O Windows começa automaticamente e verá o Ambiente de 
Trabalho. Pode começar a utilizar o Ambiente de Trabalho para trabalhar imedia-
tamente. Contudo, quando utilizar o computador pela primeira vez, o processo de 
arranque será diferente. Antes de utilizar o computador pela primeira vez, o Win-
dows tem de ser configurado e personalizado para os seus hábitos de trabalho.  
1.
 Este processo é muito simples e pode ser completado em poucos minutos. Um 
assistente de configuração aparece automaticamente, guiando-o pelos diferentes 
passos da primeira configuração. Siga as instruções que aparecem no ecrã para 
completar todos os passos. 
2.
 No fim, essas definições serão automaticamente guardadas e estarão disponí-
veis no futuro. Por conseguinte, só terá de efectuar este processo uma vez, durante 
o primeiro arranque. 
3.
 Assim que a primeira configuração terminar, deve reiniciar o computador. A 
maior parte dos controladores e dos componentes ainda estão numa espécie de 
"estado adormecido". Depois de reiniciar, todos os componentes do 
hardware
 
estarão activos e o Windows voltará a carregar a sua configuração. 
4.
 Para fazer isso, clique em 
Iniciar / Encerrar
 no canto inferior esquerdo. Aparece 
uma nova janela que lhe oferece três opções. Clique em 
Reiniciar
. O Windows 
encerra, e reinicia passados alguns segundos. De seguida, o Ambiente de Trabalho 
do Windows será carregado e pode começar a utilizar o computador. 
Optimizar a Imagem no Ecrã 
Depois de ter lançado e configurado o Windows pela primeira vez, o ecrã utili-
zará as definições padrão. A imagem no ecrã pode não estar optimizada e a 
placa gráfica pode não estar a funcionar com a melhor qualidade possível. Tal 
não se trata duma avaria, e pode corrigir isto alterando a configuração. No caso 
seguinte, leia na página 7 como optimizar a imagem no ecrã.

--- Page 189 ---
Placa Gráfica    
7
 
 
2.  Configuração e Manuseio Avançados 
2.1  Placa Gráfica 
Configurar o Monitor e a Placa Gráfica 
Pode optimizar a imagem que aparece no ecrã com apenas algumas definições. 
 
Nota Acerca das Ilustrações 
As figuras que aqui se encontram a ilustrar a configuração são apenas exem-
plos. Quaisquer funções, menus e aparência podem diferir de hardware para 
hardware e de controlador para controlador. No entanto, o procedimento básico 
será o mesmo. 
 
1.
 Primeiro, abra a janela de configuração da visualização. Clique em 
Inici-
ar/Painel de controlo
 para abrir o Painel de Controlo e abra a configuração clican-
do no ícone 
Visualização
. 
2.
 Na janela 
Propriedades de 
Visualização
, seleccione o separador 
Definições
. Em baixo, encontra a 
definição 
Resolução do ecrã
. Pode 
agarrar no marcador com o rato e 
movê-lo para a esquerda ou para a 
direita para aumentar ou diminuir a 
resolução. 
3.
 Ao seu lado, existe a opção 
Qualidade da cor
 onde pode ajustar 
a profundidade da cor. A definição 
Média (16 bit)
 oferece-lhe uma 
qualidade quase fotográfica para a 
imagem do ecrã. Esta definição é 
óptima para o seu trabalho diário e 
para a maior parte dos programas de edição de imagem. A opção 
Máxima (32 bit)
 
também é chamada Cor Alta. Mostra ainda mais cores, mas pode também diminuir 
o desempenho do sistema.

--- Page 190 ---
8
    Configuração e Manuseio Avançados 
 
4.
 De seguida, clique em 
Avança-
das
 para abrir uma janela nova. 
Clique no separador 
Monitor
. Aqui, 
pode definir a 
Frequência de 
actualização do ecrã
. Seleccione o 
valor mais alto possível, de modo a 
obter uma visualização confortável 
e que não trema. É recomendado 
um valor de pelo menos 70 Hz a 85 
Hz. 
5.
 Quando tiver terminado todas as 
definições, clique em 
OK
 para 
confirmar. O Windows muda para a 
nova configuração para a testar. Se 
estiver satisfeito com as novas 
definições, clique em 
Sim
 para as manter. Senão, o Windows voltará automatica-
mente às definições originais, passados 15 segundos. Pode, então, corrigir as 
definições e tentar novamente. 
Saída da Imagem numa TV 
Quando estiver a receber uma estação de televisão ou a ver um filme em DVD, não 
tem de usar o ecrã do seu computador. O seu computador também tem um porto 
de TV-Out para ligar um aparelho de televisão convencional ou um vídeoprojector. 
Isto permite-lhe desfrutar de uma sessão de cinema em casa, numa TV 16:9 ou 
com um projector. 
A maior parte dos aparelhos de TV e projectores usam cabos de vídeo convencio-
nais (Euro-Cinch amarelo) ou conectores S-Vídeo. Pode usar qualquer um desses 
cabos pois pode usar um adaptador para os ligar à sua placa gráfica. No entanto, a 
qualidade da imagem será melhor se usar um cabo S-Vídeo. Reparará na diferença 
em particular quando utilizar fontes de vídeo topo de gama, como filmes em DVD. 
1.
 Primeiro, ligue o cabo de vídeo ao porto de Saída de TV da sua placa gráfica. 
Use um dos tipos de cabo mencionados (Euro-Cinch ou S-Vídeo). O tipo de cabo 
depende dos conectores do sinal de entrada do seu aparelho de TV. Dependendo 
do tipo de conexão que estiver a utilizar, pode precisar ou não do adaptador (opci-
onal) para fazer a ligação. De seguida, ligue o cabo ao aparelho de TV ou projector.

--- Page 191 ---
Placa Gráfica    
9
 
 
 
Saída para TV através do 
porto S-Vídeo (direita).
 
 
2.
 O porto TV-Out da placa gráfica fornece-lhe sempre um sinal adequado para 
qualquer aparelho de TV. Pode, contudo, optimizar este sinal para obter uma 
melhor qualidade. Se utilizar, em particular, um projector profissional, é possível 
programar sinais com valores especiais de resolução, frequência de actualização e 
interlaçado/não interlaçado. 
Para conseguir esta configuração, vá a 
Iniciar/Painel de controlo
. Abre-se a 
janela do Painel de controlo. Encontra aqui o ícone 
Visualização
. Faça um duplo 
clique sobre o ícone para o abrir. Abre-se a janela das 
Propriedades de Visuali-
zação
. Clique no separador 
Definições
. Abra a janela de configuração clicando no 
botão 
Avançadas
. 
3.
 Abre-se uma nova janela. Clique no separador 
GeForce
. Aqui, pode seleccionar 
os diferentes dispositivos de saída, tais como um monitor de computador, um 
projector, uma televisão ou um ecrã plano. 
 
 
Nota ... 
Depois de ter efectuado a ligação entre o computador e o aparelho de TV, deve 
ligar este último e configurá-lo para receber o sinal de vídeo. Isto quer dizer que 
deve seleccionar, na sua televisão, uma entrada "Vídeo", "AV", ou similar. Às 
vezes, é necessário reiniciar o computador para a placa gráfica detectar a nova 
ligação e fornecer o devido sinal automaticamente. Se os ícones que se des-
creveram para o seu aparelho de TV não estiverem disponíveis ou se encontra-
rem acinzentados, verifique a ligação dos cabos ou reinicie o PC. 
 
 
A diferença entre um projector e um aparelho de TV é que o projector usa como 
predefinição um sinal S-Vídeo ou RGB, enquanto que o aparelho de TV usa o sinal 
VHS normal (Compósito).

--- Page 192 ---
10
    Configuração e Manuseio Avançados 
 
Pode facilmente clicar no 
dispositivo desejado com o 
rato para o fazer o “Primary 
Display” [Ecrã Principal]. 
Este dispositivo será então 
usado para a saída da 
imagem e o sinal de vídeo 
será devidamente optimi-
zado. Pode modificar as 
definições para o dispositi-
vo activado no menu à 
esquerda. Pode optimizar 
ainda mais a saída de 
vídeo, em função das 
características do seu 
aparelho de TV ou projec-
tor. 
 
 
Problemas Quando Usar DVDs Protegidos Contra Cópia 
A nova lei dos direitos de autor (copyright) não permite a cópia de quaisquer 
media, como CDs de música ou filmes em DVD, mesmo para uso privado! 
Qualquer saída de vídeo para um dispositivo externo, tal como um aparelho de 
TV, permitiria a cópia simultânea do filme para um leitor / gravador de cassetes 
de vídeo. É portanto, possível, que filmes em DVDs protegidos (e.g. da Macro-
vision etc.) também bloqueiem a saída de vídeo da placa gráfica de modo a 
evitar a cópia do filme através desta saída. No entanto, ainda pode ver o filme 
no seu aparelho de TV. Algumas protecções são tão severas que a visualiza-
ção do filme no computador só é possível com interferências, ou então não é, 
de todo, possível. Isto não é uma avaria do computador, é apenas uma protec-
ção contra cópia que o fabricante do DVD introduziu.

--- Page 193 ---
Placa Gráfica    
11
 
 
2.2  Leitor de Cartões 
Inserir um Cartão de Memória 
O leitor de cartões de memória encontra-se 
protegido por uma tampa na parte da frente 
do computador. Prima com precisão na 
parte de cima do mecanismo da tampa para 
abrir o painel frontal. Estão disponíveis 
diferentes ranhuras para diferentes tipos de 
cartões de memória. O aspecto e a locali-
zação das diferentes ranhuras para cartões 
podem diferir de modelo de computador 
para modelo de computador. Dependendo 
do modelo do leitor de cartões, pode usar 
os seguintes tipos de cartões de memória: 
• 
Compact Flash, Microdrive – Os cartões 
Compact Flash estão disponíveis em dois tipos: Tipo I e Tipo II (CF I e CF II). 
Os cartões de memória flash padrão são, normalmente, cartões do Tipo I. Ou-
tros media de armazenamento, como a 
Microdrive
 da IBM, seguem as especi-
ficações do Tipo II. São ligeiramente mais espessos e maiores. 
• 
SmartMedia, Cartões SD, Memory Stick – Exemplos de outros cartões de 
memória típicos são os cartões SmartMedia e SD, bem como o Memory Stick 
da Sony. O seu design robusto e compacto transforma-os na companhia ideal 
para máquinas digitais, leitores de MP3 ou telemóveis. 
Graças ao aspecto único do leitor de cartões, das suas ranhuras e dos próprios 
cartões, não é provável que confunda os diferentes tipos de cartões quando os for 
a inserir. Fisicamente, eles apenas cabem na ranhura devida. 
 
Aviso 
Infelizmente, nem todos os fabricantes de cartões de memória respeitam as 
especificações estabelecidas. Não pode, portanto, dado o vasto número de 
fabricantes de cartões, garantir-se uma compatibilidade global com todos eles. 
 
Transferir e Gravar Dados para o e no PC 
Normalmente, o Windows não lida com os leitores de cartões como se estes 
fossem um tipo de dispositivo especial, mas simplesmente como se fossem uma

--- Page 194 ---
12
    Configuração e Manuseio Avançados 
 
unidade de disco. Isto quer dizer que não é necessário instalar ou configurar 
quaisquer controladores ou qualquer software especial para lhes aceder. 
1.
 Mal um cartão é inserido, aparece uma nova janela que lhe disponibiliza algu-
mas acções automáticas. Pode escolher uma destas tarefas padrão ou copiar os 
seus dados manualmente. Para copiar os dados manualmente, feche a janela 
clicando em 
Cancelar
. 
2.
 Abra o Explorador do Windows a partir do menu Iniciar. Na parte esquerda do 
Explorador, sob o ícone 
O meu computador
, e perto do disco duro e da unidade 
de CD ou DVD, também encontrará algumas entradas com o nome 
Disco amoví-
vel
. Estas unidades correspondem às ranhuras do leitor de cartões. 
3.
 Pode aceder aos cartões de memória que inseriu como a qualquer outra unida-
de de CD ou disco duro. Seleccione os ficheiros que deseja e copie-os para o seu 
disco duro local. Copie, mova ou apague ficheiros tal como o faria num disco duro 
convencional. 
 
Remover com Segurança um Cartão de Memória 
O controlador USB do leitor de cartões suporta Troca a Quente. Isto quer dizer que 
pode inserir ou remover quaisquer cartões de memória enquanto o computador 
está ligado. No entanto, é possível que uma tarefa de cópia ainda não tenha 
terminado completamente ou que ainda haja ficheiros na cache. Tal poderá, ocasi-

--- Page 195 ---
Placa Gráfica    
13
 
 
onalmente, levar a perda de dados ou danificar o cartão. Para remover, com 
segurança, os seus cartões de memória, sem quaisquer riscos, proceda da seguin-
te forma: 
1.
 Vá para o Explorador do Windows. Se ele ainda não estiver aberto, execute-o 
através do menu Iniciar. 
2.
 Seleccione a unidade de media amovível que quer remover na parte esquerda 
da janela. Clique na unidade vez com o botão do lado direito do rato. Aparece um 
menu de contexto. Escolha o comando 
Ejectar
. 
3.
 O Windows terminará qualquer acesso à unidade e pode removê-la sem quais-
quer riscos. 
2.3  Modem, Internet e Rede 
Conectar o Modem 
Antes de ser possível usar o modem interno, precisa de estabelecer as ligações 
dos cabos. Os modems usam linhas de telefone convencionais para a ligação à 
Internet. Tudo o que precisa é de uma tomada de telefone de parede e de um cabo 
de modem. O cabo é fornecido com o computador e pode ser instalado imediata-
mente. 
1.
 Desempacote o cabo do modem. 
2.
 Ligue uma das extremidades do cabo ao porto correspondente existente na 
parte de trás do PC. Este pode ser encontrado na parte inferior da caixa do compu-
tador. A ficha tem uma pequena patilha que se afasta ligeiramente da própria ficha. 
A patilha precisa de ser alinhada com a correspondente reentrância do porto. 
Quando o computador está de pé, esta patilha deve estar virada para baixo. Quan-
do o cabo é introduzido, ouve-se um clique. Se quiser remover a ficha, prima a 
patilha cuidadosamente contra a ficha para a destrancar. Pode, então, remover o 
cabo. 
3.
 A outra extremidade do cabo precisa de ser inserida na tomada de parede de 
telefone. Nalguns países, pode precisar dum adaptador para ligar o modem. Neste 
caso, ligue primeiro o cabo do modem ao adaptador que lhe forneceram e depois 
ligue o adaptador à tomada de parede de telefone. Insira o cabo do modem com 
cuidado, aplicando uma pressão ligeira. Se a ficha não couber, é provável que 
esteja a tentar no porto errado ou que o porto não seja adequado à ficha.

--- Page 196 ---
14
    Configuração e Manuseio Avançados 
 
4.
 Uma vez ligado o cabo, tanto ao computador como à tomada de parede de 
telefone, terminou a instalação física do modem. Pode, agora, configurar o modem 
no computador. O seu computador oferece acesso à Internet através do Acesso 
Telefónico à Rede do Windows ao seu Fornecedor de Acesso à Internet (ISP – 
Internet Service Provider). As seguintes secções explicam, detalhadamente, como 
isto funciona. 
Configurar o Acesso Telefónico à Rede 
Antes de poder navegar na Internet com o Windows, tem de configurar uma nova 
ligação de Acesso Telefónico. Um Assistente irá guiá-lo, passo a passo, ao longo 
deste processo. Por favor, tenha à mão os detalhes do acesso ao seu ISP. O 
número do ISP pode ser relativamente longo. O seu ISP deu-lhe os detalhes do 
acesso quando subscreveu o serviço. É claro que também pode usar o Acesso 
Telefónico à Rede para um acesso chamada-a-chamada. Do ponto de vista técni-
co, isto não faz diferença nenhuma. Assim que tenha pronta toda a informação 
necessária, pode começar a configurar o Acesso Telefónico à Rede. 
1.
 Primeiro, inicie o Assistente de Nova Ligação. Para isso, clique em 
Inici-
ar/Todos os Programas/Acessórios/Comunicações/Assistente de nova liga-
ção
. 
 
2.
 O Windows pergunta-lhe por algumas informações relativas à sua localização. 
Seleccione o seu país sob 
País/Região
. Por baixo, deve escrever o indicativo da

--- Page 197 ---
Placa Gráfica    
15
 
 
sua área ou cidade. Isto é importante para o Windows saber se o prefixo tem ou 
não de ser marcado quando se estiver a estabelecer uma ligação. [Nota do tradu-
tor: Embora isto possa ser verdade para muitos países, desde há alguns anos que, 
em Portugal, o código da área faz parte integrante do número de telefone, devendo 
ser sempre marcado, mesmo que se esteja a ligar para um número de telefone 
localizado na área de onde se liga. Assim, este campo deve ser deixado em bran-
co, ou então preenchido com um prefixo que ninguém utilize, como 888.Tal obriga 
sempre à marcação do número completo, como se pretende.] 
Se o seu modem estiver ligado a um PBX, escreva, no campo devido, o prefixo que 
se deve marcar para aceder a uma linha exterior. Normalmente, será um zero (0). 
Esta definição não é necessária para linhas telefónicas sem PBX! 
Finalmente, especifique o tipo de 
marcação. A maior parte dos países 
usam marcação por tons, onde são 
enviados pequenos tons quando se 
faz uma marcação. Pode, alternati-
vamente, usar marcação por 
pulsos, se, quando fizer uma 
marcação, se ouvirem pequenos 
tics, tantos quantos o dígito que 
estiver a marcar. Se não tiver a 
certeza acerca do sistema de 
marcação para a sua linha telefóni-
ca, por favor contacte o fornecedor 
do seu telefone antes de usar o 
modem. Clique em 
OK
 para termi-
nar este passo. O Windows pergun-
tar-lhe-á, finalmente, se deseja estabelecer uma nova ligação a partir desta locali-
zação. Clique em 
OK
 para confirmar a sua escolha. 
3.
 A primeira janela do Assistente de Nova Ligação contém informações que pode 
ignorar clicando em 
Seguinte
. A janela seguinte pergunta-lhe pelo tipo de ligação. 
Escolha a primeira opção, 
Ligar à Internet
 e clique em 
Seguinte
 para continuar.

--- Page 198 ---
16
    Configuração e Manuseio Avançados 
 
 
4.
 Pode agora configurar a ligação automaticamente, quer a partir de uma lista, 
quer manualmente. Recomendamos que seleccione a opção 
Configurar a minha 
ligação manualmente
. Isto é mais rápido e muito fácil.  
5.
 Seguidamente, o Windows 
pergunta-lhe qual o dispositivo 
que vai usar para ligar à Internet. 
Escolha a primeira opção, 
Ligar 
utilizando um modem de 
acesso telefónico
. Está é a 
opção indicada para todos os 
modems e placas RDIS. O 
Assistente detecta o modem 
interno automaticamente. Se 
tiver mais do que um modem 
instalado, aparece outra janela 
onde lhe perguntam qual o 
modem que deseja usar para 
esta ligação. Nesse caso, selec-
cione o modem desejado da lista 
que aparece. Se não tiver 
nenhuns dispositivos adicionais instalados, este pedido não aparecerá.

--- Page 199 ---
Placa Gráfica    
17
 
 
6.
 Introduza um nome para a nova ligação. Tal não tem relevância técnica. O 
nome é apenas para seu uso pessoal, ajudando-o a distinguir esta ligação de 
outras que venham a ser criadas no futuro. O nome do seu fornecedor de serviço é 
uma boa escolha. 
 
Agora, introduza o número de telefone do seu fornecedor de serviço e o indicativo 
da cidade ou área. O seu fornecedor de serviço deve ter-lhos dado quando subs-
creveu o serviço. Os fornecedores de serviço chamada-a-chamada publicam 
normalmente os seus números de acesso em revistas. Pode, alternativamente, 
contactar a linha de apoio ao cliente do fornecedor para saber quais são. Os dados 
seguintes são apresentados a título de exemplo, e não funcionam para uma ligação 
real à Internet. 
7.
 Finalmente, introduza os detalhes específicos do utilizador para esta ligação. 
Introduza o 
Nome de utilizador
 e a 
Palavra-passe
 associada nos campos devi-
dos. Deve introduzir a palavra-passe duas vezes para efeitos de verificação.  
Por baixo, também pode indicar se os outros utilizadores deste computador tam-
bém podem, ou não, usar a mesma ligação. Se outro elemento da sua família 
iniciar sessão numa altura posterior, ele ou ela pode utilizar esta conta para estabe-
lecer uma ligação à Internet. O Windows também lhe pergunta se quer que seja 
esta a sua ligação predefinida à Internet. Se assinalar esta caixa, o Windows

--- Page 200 ---
18
    Configuração e Manuseio Avançados 
 
utilizará esta ligação automaticamente para quaisquer futuras tentativas de consul-
tar correio electrónico ou de navegar na Internet. 
Finalmente, pode ligar a firewall 
interna do Windows. Recomen-
damos vivamente que o faça. 
Uma firewall é um filtro que 
bloqueia ataques ao seu compu-
tador perpetrados por utilizado-
res exteriores a ele. Não deve 
descurar esta protecção. 
 
 
8.
 Agora, o seu acesso à 
Internet está quase configurado. 
A última janela faz um resumo de 
todas as definições. Pode, se 
quiser, criar um atalho para esta 
ligação no ambiente de trabalho. 
Isto evita que tenha de navegar por entre vários menus do Windows para aceder à 
Internet – pode abrir a sua ligação à Internet fazendo um duplo clique no ícone do 
atalho. Configurou com sucesso a sua ligação à Internet. Se criou um atalho no 
ambiente de trabalho durante o último passo, esta é a maneira mais rápida de abrir 
a ligação à Internet. 
Clique com o botão do lado 
direito do rato no ícone para abrir 
um menu de contexto. Isto 
permite-lhe editar a configuração 
ou estabelecer a ligação. Ou 
então, faça um duplo clique no 
ícone para aceder directamente 
à Internet. 
 
Configurar a Rede 
A maneira mais fácil de configurar uma ligação à rede no Windows é utilizando o 
respectivo Assistente. Este procedimento é rápido, mas não é possível editar os

--- Page 201 ---
Placa Gráfica    
19
 
 
endereços e informação pré-atribuídos. Contudo, isto não é um problema se vai 
ligar entre si apenas dois ou três computadores. 
 
Ligando Dois Computadores Directamente 
Quando estiver a configurar uma grande rede, com muitos computadores, tam-
bém é normalmente necessária uma grande quantidade de hardware. Mas se 
pretende apenas interligar dois computadores, apenas precisa de um cabo 
chamado cabo cruzado. Conecte simplesmente este cabo no porto de rede de 
ambos os computadores. Devido à sua transmissão de sinal especial, o cabo 
interliga os dois computadores sem ser preciso um concentrador (hub). Contu-
do, isto só é possível com este tipo especial de cabo. Os cabos de rede nor-
mais não são adequados para este propósito pois os seus pinos estão diferen-
temente ligados. 
A configuração será a mesma nos dois casos. Não importa se está a configurar 
uma rede "real" ou se está a usar um cabo cruzado. Este cabo faz com que 
ambos os computadores "vejam" uma rede real. 
 
 
O seu computador já vem com uma placa de rede. Para configurar uma rede, todos 
os outros computadores precisam igualmente de uma placa de rede. Também pode 
ser preciso ligar todos os computadores a um concentrador. O concentrador é um 
tipo de caixa de distribuição que torna possível que os computadores se encontrem 
e comuniquem entre si.  
1.
 Para iniciar, precisa de lançar o Assistente. Para o fazer, clique em 
Inici-
ar/Painel de controlo
. Aqui encontra o ícone 
Ligações de rede
. Abra-o fazendo 
um duplo clique sobre ele. Na parte esquerda da janela, clique na opção 
Configu-
rar uma rede de pequeno escritório ou doméstica
.

--- Page 202 ---
20
    Configuração e Manuseio Avançados 
 
 
 
2.
 O Assistente de Configuração 
de Rede abre-se. Na primeira 
janela, clique em 
Seguinte
 para 
prosseguir. A segunda janela dá-
lhe algumas informações básicas 
e pode ser ignorada. A janela 
seguinte pergunta-lhe pelo tipo 
de computador. As primeiras 
duas opções apenas se referem 
ao acesso à Internet. Se desejar 
partilhar o acesso à Internet pela 
rede, ou se este computador 
deve usar o acesso à Internet 
doutro PC, vai precisar destas 
opções. 
Contudo, neste ponto, não 
vamos ter em conta a instalação do acesso à Internet. Só deve partilhar o acesso à 
Internet depois de a sua rede ter sido devidamente configurada. Por conseguinte, 
seleccione a última opção, com o nome 
Outro
. 
3.
 A próxima janela pergunta-lhe por mais informações acerca do acesso à Inter-
net. Seleccione 
Este computador liga a uma rede que não tem ligação à Inter-
net
. Clique no botão 
Seguinte
.

--- Page 203 ---
Placa Gráfica    
21
 
 
4.
 Deve, de seguida, introduzir um 
nome para o seu computador no 
campo 
Nome do computador
. 
Pode introduzir um nome qualquer. 
Contudo, este nome tem um limite 
máximo de 15 caracteres. Também 
não deve conter espaços ou carac-
teres especiais. No campo 
Descri-
ção do computador
, pode introdu-
zir algumas notas sobre este 
computador. Isto permite-lhe melhor 
distinguir entre si as várias esta-
ções de trabalho.  
 
5.
 A janela seguinte pergunta-lhe 
pelo nome do grupo de trabalho. O 
Windows permite-lhe agrupar vários 
computadores naquilo a que se 
chama grupo de trabalho. Numa 
grande empresa, estes podem, por 
exemplo, representar os diferentes 
departamentos. É essencial que 
todos os computadores pertençam 
a um grupo de trabalho. De outro 
modo, não será possível que se 
encontrem uns aos outros, e deve 
configurar uma partilha adicional. É 
melhor não fazer isto. 
As presentes versões do Windows 
utilizam 
MSHOME
 como o nome predefinido para o Grupo de Trabalho. Se tiver 
algum computador com o Windows 98 ou ME, deve ter em conta que, nestes 
casos, o nome do grupo de trabalho predefinido é 
WORKGROUP
. Deve usar o 
mesmo nome para todos os computadores. 
 
6.
 A próxima janela lista um pequeno resumo de todas as definições que introdu-
ziu. Se toda a informação estiver correcta, clique em 
Seguinte
 para prosseguir. O 
Windows irá agora configurar a sua rede de área local (LAN). Tal pode demorar 
algum tempo.

--- Page 204 ---
22
    Configuração e Manuseio Avançados 
 
7.
 O Assistente também lhe 
oferece a oportunidade de criar 
uma disquete de configuração de 
rede para outros computadores.  
Se esses computadores também 
tiverem o Windows XP actualiza-
do, não precisa desta disquete. 
Pode, quando for a altura, 
realizar nesses computadores os 
passos descritos acima. A 
disquete só é útil se os outros 
computadores tiverem o Win-
dows 98 ou ME. 
Se quiser fazer isso, insira uma 
disquete vazia na unidade de 
disquetes e deixe o Assistente 
copiar os ficheiros necessários. Depois, deve inserir a disquete nos outros compu-
tadores, abrir a unidade A: no Explorador e fazer um duplo clique sobre o ficheiro 
netsetup.exe. O Assistente será automaticamente lançado e o procedimento que se 
segue é idêntico ao exposto atrás. 
WLAN ---- Configurar uma Rede sem Fios 
Hoje em dia, pode interligar não apenas PCs, mas também outros dispositivos, tais 
como telemóveis, computadores portáteis e agendas electrónicas de bolso. No 
passado, apenas se utilizavam redes com fios e com concentradores, mas a 
adopção da tecnologia sem fios está a acontecer depressa. Uma das tecnologias 
mais interessantes é a Rede de Área Local sem Fios (WLAN – Wireless Local Area 
Network). Designa a ligação de diferentes computadores e dispositivos sem a 
necessidade de quaisquer fios (cabos). A transmissão do sinal é feita por radiofre-
quência (RF – Radio Frequency). Esta tecnologia oferece possibilidades completa-
mente novas, na medida em que pode, por exemplo, aceder aos dados que se 
encontram no seu computador de secretária estando no jardim a trabalhar com o 
seu portátil – e isto sem necessitar de cabos alguns. 
 
Aviso Relativo a Configurações Específicas de certos Modelos 
Alguns modelos não incluem de origem a placa de WLAN descrita. No entanto, 
ela pode ser opcionalmente instalada.

--- Page 205 ---
Placa Gráfica    
23
 
 
Existem placas WLAN para muitos dispositivos. A vantagem é que o padrão IEEE 
802.11 foi largamente estabelecido para aplicações domésticas. Isto quer basica-
mente dizer que um certo dispositivo WLAN pode comunicar com outro qualquer 
que suporte este padrão. Os dispositivos comunicam via sinais de RF simples, de 
forma que a comunicação é praticamente independente do fabricante e do software 
que é utilizado. 
Muitos dos computadores Targa já incluem uma placa WLAN interna (que obedece 
ao padrão IEEE 802.11) e são, portanto, adequados para a comunicação sem fios. 
Para saber se o seu modelo suporta esta funcionalidade, consulte a ficha que 
resume as especificações técnicas do seu sistema informático. Para poder usar 
uma WLAN, também necessita de outro computador que responda aos seus sinais 
de RF. Mas isto não deverá constituir um problema real. Se tiver outro PC ou um 
computador portátil, pode instalar-lhe uma placa WLAN e configurar uma ligação 
sem fios com apenas alguns cliques. 
Se apenas necessita de interligar dois computadores, este procedimento é muito 
rápido e fácil se utilizar uma ligação dita Ad-Hoc. Pode configurar este tipo de 
ligação de dados em poucos minutos. Teoricamente, também pode ligar mais de 
dois computadores entre si utilizando o modo Ad-Hoc. Este modo não é, contudo, 
adequado para este tipo de aplicação e lidará dificilmente com largos volumes de 
dados e arquitecturas de rede complexas. Quando ligar em rede vários computado-
res WLAN, é recomendado que se use um Ponto de Acesso ou um router WLAN. 
Estes dispositivos representam um nodo comum ou uma caixa de distribuição na 
rede e gerem o seu tráfego. Portanto, um Ponto de Acesso ou um router WLAN 
desempenham a mesma função que um concentrador ou um router numa rede com 
fios. Todas as placas WLAN são normalmente compatíveis com estes dispositivos. 
Pode, portanto, integrar o seu computador numa rede sem fios já existente, com 
um Ponto de Acesso e / ou um router WLAN, sem qualquer problema. 
Se tiver outro computador com uma placa WLAN instalada, está pronto para a 
configuração da rede. Deve fornecer ao seu computador a devida informação de 
acesso e de rede, à semelhança do que fez no procedimento para uma rede com 
fios. Isto não é difícil e deve conseguir fazê-lo em apenas alguns passos.

--- Page 206 ---
24
    Configuração e Manuseio Avançados 
 
1.
 Abra a janela do Painel 
de controlo e abra o ícone 
Ligações de rede
. Aparece 
uma nova janela, com todas 
as ligações do seu compu-
tador. Se usou uma rede 
com fios no passado, a 
respectiva configuração irá 
aparecer aqui. Adicional-
mente, aparece um ícone 
de rede com uma antena. 
Tal é para a rede sem fios. 
Clique com o botão do lado 
direito do rato sobre este 
ícone e escolha 
Proprieda-
des
 do menu de contexto 
que aparece. 
2.
 Se já havia configurado os seus computadores para usar uma rede com fios, 
apenas precisa de fazer uma ou outra coisa para activar a sua rede sem fios. Se 
não está a expandir a sua rede com fios, mas a configurar uma WLAN de raiz, deve 
primeiro configurar o protocolo TCP/IP. Uma WLAN não significa uma nova arqui-
tectura de rede, mas simplesmente um substituto para os seus cabos. O endereço 
IP, o nome do computador etc. são também necessários. 
3.
 Se tiver, antes de tudo, de 
configurar o protocolo TCP/IP, 
clique no separador 
Geral
. Aqui 
verá a entrada 
Protocolo Inter-
net
. Clique no botão 
Proprieda-
des
 para abrir a janela de 
configuração. Para uma ligação 
de rede directa, ligue a opção 
Obter automaticamente um 
endereço IP
. Se quiser utilizar 
um Ponto de Acesso ou um 
router para LAN sem fios na sua 
rede, também pode escolher 
esta opção sempre que esse 
dispositivo suportar a 
funcionalidade de Servidor 
DHCP. Por trás disto, está uma 
configuração automática de

--- Page 207 ---
Placa Gráfica    
25
 
 
automática de todos os dispositivos que estão ligados ao Ponto de Acesso ou 
router. Clique em 
OK
 para voltar à janela anterior. 
4.
 Depois de ter terminado com sucesso a configuração do TCP/IP, ou se ela já 
existia na sua rede com fios, pode concentrar-se nas definições da WLAN. Clique 
no separador 
Redes sem fios
. Para uma ligação sem fios simples, é melhor deixar 
que o Windows faça todo o trabalho por si. 
Para tal, ligue a opção 
Utilizar o Win-
dows para configurar as definições de rede sem fios
. 
Infelizmente, há ainda 
mais um passo que precisa de dar. Portanto, clique no botão 
Adicionar
. 
5.
 Abre-se uma janela que mostra a configuração da rede. É essencial que atribua 
primeiro um nome à sua rede. Para o fazer, escreva um nome no campo 
SSID
. 
Esse nome irá aparecer em todos os computadores. É importante que todos os 
computadores na sua rede usem o mesmo SSID. É isto que identifica a rede.  
Por razões de segurança, pode encriptar os dados transferidos pela rede sem fios. 
Mas, para o teste inicial, deve desligar esta funcionalidade. Depois de tudo estar a 
funcionar bem, pode activar a encriptação. Deixe por assinalar as opções 
Encrip-
tação de dados
 e 
Autenticação de rede
. 
Ao fundo, deve activar a opção relativa ao modo Ad-Hoc. Tal diz ao Windows para 
não procurar por um Ponto de Acesso, router, ou dispositivo similar. As placas 
WLAN interconectar-se-ão uma com a outra.

--- Page 208 ---
26
    Configuração e Manuseio Avançados 
 
6.
 Assim que voltar à janela principal, verificará que a sua rede está na lista. Clique 
em 
OK
 para fechar a janela. Terminou com sucesso a configuração. Agora, tem de 
repetir os mesmos passos para todos os outros computadores na sua WLAN. 
Depois de todos os computadores terem sido configurados, o Windows irá detectar 
a rede sem fios. O exemplo mostra o nome da rede sem fios (SSID) na lista. Uma 
vez que a encriptação foi desligada para o teste inicial, o Windows aconselhá-lo-á 
relativamente a alguns eventuais problemas de segurança. Aceite a mensagem, 
por enquanto, e clique em 
Ligar
. 
Se abrir agora o Explorador do Windows, verificará que, em Os meus Locais na 
Rede, se encontram os outros computadores. Este procedimento é idêntico ao 
utilizado numa rede com fios. 
WEP ---- Segurança e Redes sem Fios 
Na sua configuração predefinida, as redes sem fios são quase públicas. Todo o tipo 
de dados é transmitido pelo ar, e todas as pessoas podem captá-los ou aceder ao 
seu computador. Para os testes funcionais iniciais, não é necessário activar as 
funcionalidades de segurança. Mas, uma vez que a rede tenha sido configurada e 
testada com sucesso, é altamente recomendado que use encriptação. A simples e 
eficiente tecnologia de encriptação utilizada para redes domésticas chama-se WEP 
(
W
ired 
E
quivalent 
P
rivacy – Privacidade Equivalente à com Fios). Quando utiliza a 
WEP, cria uma chave secreta que encripta todos os dados. Tal aumentará a 
segurança da sua rede sem fios.  
1.
 Para poder usar a encriptação WEP, precisa de uma chave. Todos os dados 
transferidos pela rede serão codificados utilizando essa fórmula. Na Internet, 
encontram-se geradores de chaves que pode descarregar gratuitamente. Eles 
convertem uma palavra-passe (e.g., "abcdefghij") numa chave (e.g., 
0F9Bn7I9KKM). Mas pode facilmente criar tal chave você mesmo. Ela consiste 
numa combinação de dígitos e caracteres sem quaisquer espaços onde caracteres 
especiais são também permitidos. 
Não se esqueça, no entanto, que há níveis diferentes de chaves. O Windows usa 
normalmente uma encriptação de 104 bits. Isto significa que a sua chave tem um 
comprimento de 13 caracteres. Uma encriptação moderna de 128 bits usa 26 
caracteres. A encriptação deve ser a mesma em todos os computadores. Se um 
computador em particular apenas suporta 64 bits (10 caracteres), também tem de 
usar esta chave em todos os outros computadores.

--- Page 209 ---
Placa Gráfica    
27
 
 
2.
 Se criou uma chave sua ou 
se usou um gerador de chaves 
para a criar, clique em 
Inici-
ar/Painel de Controlo
 para abrir 
o Painel de controlo. Abra o 
ícone 
Ligações de rede
. Selec-
cione a sua ligação WLAN, 
clique nela com o botão do lado 
direito do rato, e escolha o 
comando 
Propriedades
. 
Abre-se a janela das proprieda-
des da rede. Clique no separador 
Redes sem fios
. Escolha a sua 
rede da lista e clique no botão 
Propriedades
. 
3.
 Active a encriptação marcan-
do a opção 
Encriptação de 
dados (activado para WEP)
. Também recomendamos que active a 
Autenticação 
de rede
. O próximo passo é definir a chave da rede. 
Desmarque a opção 
A chave é-
me fornecida automaticamen-
te
. De seguida, introduza a 
chave no campo 
Chave de rede
. 
Completou com sucesso a 
configuração. Clique em 
OK
 para 
confirmar as suas definições e 
para ligar a encriptação para a 
ligação sem fios. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Repita o procedimento acima para todos os computadores da sua rede sem fios. É 
essencial que use exactamente a mesma chave em todos os computadores. A

--- Page 210 ---
28
    Configuração e Manuseio Avançados 
 
mais pequena diferença levará a uma codificação diferente, e os computadores não 
se conseguirão perceber uns aos outros. Se receber uma mensagem de erro 
acerca do tamanho da chave, um dos computadores não suporta o tamanho da 
chave que escolheu. Neste caso, necessita de escolher uma chave mais curta, e.g. 
de 104 bits (13 caracteres) em vez de 128 bits (26 caracteres). 
Ligações WLAN ---- Apenas as Active Quando delas 
Precisar 
Apenas deve activar a WLAN quando precisar de a usar. Se já tem uma rede com 
fios, apenas ocasionalmente necessitará da sua WLAN. Neste caso, recomenda-se 
que desactive a WLAN. Se apenas tem um computador, deve, decididamente, 
desactivá-la. 
No entanto, se, a certa altura, necessitar da ligação sem fios, pode activá-la nova-
mente com apenas alguns cliques. 
1.
 Clique em 
Iniciar/Painel de Controlo
. Na janela do Painel de Controlo, abra o 
ícone 
Ligações de rede
. 
2.
 Abre-se uma nova janela onde se mostram as actuais ligações de rede. Selec-
cione a sua ligação WLAN e clique nela com o botão do lado direito do rato. Apare-
ce um menu de contexto. Seleccione o comando 
Desactivar
.

--- Page 211 ---
Ligar Dispositivos USB e FireWire    
29
 
 
A sua placa de rede sem fios ainda estará presente, 
mas agora não enviará ou receberá mais dados. Se 
desejar utilizar a WLAN posteriormente, apenas 
necessita de repetir o procedimento acima e escolher 
Activar
 do menu. 
2.4  Ligar Dispositivos USB e FireWire 
 
Aviso Relativo aos Portos de Hardware 
Os portos e conectores no seu modelo específico de Computador Targa podem 
diferir tanto na funcionalidade como no aspecto! 
 
Dispositivos USB 
O porto USB tornou-se um padrão para computadores e dispositivos periféricos. De 
forma a oferecer-lhe uma velocidade máxima de transmissão de dados, o seu 
computador está equipado com um moderno porto USB 2.0. Quaisquer dispositivos 
compatíveis comunicarão muito mais rapidamente do que se usassem os mais 
antigos padrões USB 1.0 ou USB 1.1.  No entanto, o USB 2.0 é completamente 
retrocompatível com os USB 1.0 e USB 1.1. Isto quer dizer que ainda poderá 
utilizar os dispositivos que só suportem USB 1.x. Não é necessária nenhuma 
configuração em particular, pois a interface detecta automaticamente quaisquer 
dispositivos que se liguem, e auto-ajusta-se ao padrão devido. 
O porto USB suporta tanto Plug & Play como Troca a Quente (Hot-swapping). O 
Plug & Play significa que o computador detecta os dispositivos automaticamente e 
instala um controlador universal. Às vezes, para dispositivos muito específicos, 
como impressoras ou digitalizadores, recomenda-se que utilize o controlador 
fornecido pelo fabricante do dispositivo. Tal controlador normalmente oferece uma 
funcionalidade muito mais vasta, pois foi especialmente desenvolvido para aquele 
dispositivo em particular. Troca a Quente significa que pode ligar novos dispositivos 
enquanto o computador está ligado. O Windows detecta e conecta o dispositivo 
imediatamente. Mas nem todos os dispositivos suportam esta funcionalidade. Se o 
computador lhe pedir para reiniciar, deve fazê-lo. 
Em baixo, encontram-se listados alguns dos tipos de dispositivos que pode ligar a 
um porto USB: 
• 
discos duros externos 
• 
máquinas fotográficas digitais

--- Page 212 ---
30
    Configuração e Manuseio Avançados 
 
• 
câmaras de vídeo digitais 
• 
impressoras 
• 
digitalizadores 
• 
modems (analógicos ou DSL) 
• 
dispositivos RDIS (placas externas, placas PBX) 
• 
teclados e ratos 
• 
e muito mais 
Dispositivos FireWire 
Dependendo do modelo e dos seus acessórios, o seu computador tem, ou não, um 
porto FireWire. Muitos dispositivos também designam este porto como "IEEE 
1394". O FireWire oferece-lhe uma transmissão de dados muito rápida e é particu-
larmente adequado para aplicações que requerem uma quantidade muito grande 
de dados, tais como fotografia ou vídeo digitais. Se pretender utilizar FireWire, deve 
ter em atenção se os dispositivos periféricos incluem esse porto, antes de os 
comprar. 
De forma identical ao USB, o porto FireWire também suporta Plug & Play e Troca a 
Quente (Hot-swapping). Portanto, apenas necessita de conectar os dispositivos ao 
computador. O Windows detecta-os automaticamente e instala o controlador 
devido. Contudo, alguns dispositivos FireWire mais antigos não tiram partido desta 
característica. Neste caso, deve conectar o dispositivo e reiniciar o Windows. 
Depois disso, o Windows detecta e configura o dispositivo. 
Eis alguns exemplos de dispositivos FireWire típicos: 
• 
câmaras de vídeo digitais, e.g., DVCam, Digital8 
• 
máquinas fotográficas digitais de topo de gama 
• 
unidades externas, e.g., DLT para cópias de segurança 
• 
e alguns outros

--- Page 213 ---
Ligar Dispositivos USB e FireWire    
31
 
 
3.  Resolução de Problemas, Primeiros 
Socorros e FAQ (Frequently Asked 
Questions ---- Questões 
Frequentemente Colocadas) 
Este PC é um sistema informático cuidadosamente testado e de alta qualidade que 
oferece a mais recente tecnologia. No entanto, problemas e dificuldades de funcio-
namento nem sempre podem ser completamente evitados. De forma a ajudá-lo a 
restaurar completa funcionalidade ao sistema, coligimos alguma informação deta-
lhada acerca de como identificar e resolver os problemas mais comuns. Se tiver 
algum problema, proceda da forma seguinte: 
• 
Leia a secção “Resolução de Problemas”, abaixo. 
• 
Tente encontrar a solução para o seu problema na Secção “FAQ” que começa 
na página 34. 
 
Aviso 
Encontra as mais recentes FAQ no Ambiente de Trabalho, sob 
Manufacturer 
Information 
[
Informação do Fabricante
] e também na Internet. Dirija-se a 
www.service.targa.co.uk
 para procurar as últimas FAQ e controladores. 
 
• 
Leia o respectivo capítulo neste manual. 
• 
Utilize o Restauro do Sistema do Windows, cuja descrição começa na página 
36. 
• 
Se o computador não arranca, ou se há erros durante o processo de arranque, 
utilize o Software de Recuperação que se encontra no CD/DVD EasyInstall, 
cuja descrição começa na página 40. Este software ajudá-lo-á a restaurar o fi-
cheiros de arranque e de sistema do Windows, e também carregará o PC com a 
configuração de fábrica predefinida, se necessário. 
• 
Ligue à nossa linha de apoio ao cliente – leia cuidadosamente as respectivas 
instruções na página 45. 
• 
Se nenhuma das sugestões acima resolveu o seu problema, pode ainda utilizar 
o nosso serviço de chamada ao domicílio. Para mais informações, leia o que se 
encontra na página 45.

--- Page 214 ---
32
    Resolução de Problemas, Primeiros Socorros e FAQ 
 
3.1  Resolução de Problemas 
 
Se o PC encravar enquanto estiver ligado ou a arrancar, tal pode ser devido a 
software recentemente instalado. Isso pode ser resolvido da seguinte maneira: 
• 
Prima e mantenha em baixo a tecla [F8] depois de ligar o PC e seleccione a 
opção 
Modo de Segurança
 do menu de arranque. Clique em 
Iniciar / Todos 
os programas / Acessórios / Ferramentas do Sistema / Restauro do Siste-
ma
 para restaurar o sistema para uma altura em que ele funcionava. Se isto 
não resolver o problema, tente também todas as outras opções de restauro. 
• 
Desinstale 
software
 que tenha instalado recentemente através da opção 
Adicio-
nar ou remover programas
 do Painel de Controlo (isto também funciona no 
Modo de Segurança). 
• 
Inicie o computador com o CD do Windows inserido na unidade de CDs e prima 
e mantenha em baixo qualquer letra (e.g., [H]) até que a Configuração do Win-
dows inicie. Espere até que todos os ficheiros tenham sido carregados. No ecrã 
de boas vindas do Windows, prima [Enter], confirme o Acordo de Licença de Uti-
lizador Final carregando em [F8] e prima [R] para reparar a instalação. (Apenas 
necessita de reinstalar os controladores do DVD EasyInstall que lhe foi forneci-
do com o computador, assim que o Windows for reparado.) 
• 
Contacte o fabricante do 
software 
de terceiros. 
Se não ouvir som nenhum, há várias possibilidades de existir um problema de 
hardware 
ou 
software
. De forma a localizá-lo melhor, proceda da seguinte forma: 
• 
Verifique as colunas, ligando-as tanto ao conector traseiro como ao dianteiro. 
• 
Verifique as colunas ligando-as a outro dispositivo que emita som, ou ligue 
colunas diferentes (ou auriculares) ao seu computador em vez das colunas ac-
tuais. 
• 
Assegure-se que o controlador da placa de som foi instalado e que seleccionou 
a placa de som como o dispositivo áudio predefinido. Para o fazer, abra o Pai-
nel de Controlo e faça um duplo clique em 
Sons e Dispositivos de Áudio
, cli-
que no separador 
Áudio
 e confirme que 
Realtek Audio
 está seleccionado 
como o dispositivo de reprodução e gravação predefinido. 
• 
Para o dispositivo predefinido de reprodução de áudio, clique no botão 
Volume
 
e assegure-se que não há nenhuma marca em qualquer das caixas 
Sem som
. 
Arraste todos os marcadores de volume para um nível médio de volume.

--- Page 215 ---
Ligar Dispositivos USB e FireWire    
33
 
 
• 
Reinstale o controlador do chipset que contém o controlador de som a partir do 
DVD EasyInstall. 
• 
Contacte a nossa linha de apoio ao cliente. 
Se não consegue ligar à Internet por intermédio do modem, há várias causas 
possíveis. Siga os seguintes passos para localizar o problema: 
• 
Desinstale o modem abrindo o Gestor de Dispositivos que se encontra em 
Painel de Controlo / Sistema / Hardware
. Clique no sinal “+” ao lado de 
Mo-
dems
 e clique no modem com o botão do lado direito do rato para escolher o 
comando 
Desinstalar
. O modem será removido da lista. Agora pode reinstalá-
lo automaticamente clicando em 
Acção/Verificar se há alterações de hardwa-
re
. 
• 
Efectue, igualmente, um diagnóstico a partir do Gestor de Dispositivos. Faça um 
duplo clique sobre o modem, abra o separador 
Diagnósticos
 e clique no botão 
Consultar o modem
. A lista que aparece deverá conter uma primeira entrada 
Sucesso
 para um modem que está a funcionar devidamente. 
• 
Tente usar um cabo de modem diferente. 
• 
Assegure-se que o cabo do modem foi devidamente inserido no porto do 
modem. 
• 
Tente utilizar uma tomada telefónica de parede diferente (fácil quando se tem 
um computador portátil). 
• 
Tente ligar a um ISP diferente para ter acesso à Internet. 
• 
Estabeleça uma ligação de teste para um número de telefone normal (e.g., o 
seu telemóvel) clicando em 
Iniciar / Todos os programas / Acessórios / Co-
municações / HyperTerminal
. 
Não Aparece nenhuma Imagem numa TV Ligada ao meu PC 
• 
Precisa de reiniciar o PC de modo a detectar a TV como um dispositivo de 
visualização adicional. 
Se a imagem sai do computador para o aparelho de televisão pelo porto TV-Out e a 
TV mostra um ecrã vazio, por favor proceda do seguinte modo: 
• 
Assegure-se que conectou o aparelho de televisão adequadamente, que este 
se encontra ligado, e que sintonizou o devido canal antes de ligar o computa-
dor. 
• 
Active o porto TV-Out por intermédio do software. Este procedimento é explica-
do na página 8.

--- Page 216 ---
34
    Resolução de Problemas, Primeiros Socorros e FAQ 
 
Se a imagem que aparece no aparelho de TV está a preto e branco, tal pode ser 
devido ao aparelho de televisão. 
• 
Assegure-se que a sua TV suporta sinais S-Video. Leia a documentação da 
televisão ou contacte o fabricante ou representante. 
• 
Se utilizar um cabo S-Video, substitua-o por um cabo compósito convencional 
(conector Euro Cinch). 
• 
Use o adaptador S-Video para Compósito adequado em vez do adaptador 
normal. 
• 
Teste o seu computador com um aparelho de TV diferente, que tenha uma 
saída que suporta com certeza S-Video, e.g., numa loja. 
 
3.2  FAQ ---- Questões Frequentemente 
Colocadas 
Onde Posso Encontrar Peças e Acessórios?
 
A Targa disponibiliza uma vasta gama de peças e acessórios para o seu computa-
dor. Encontra uma lista detalhada e mais informações na Internet em: 
 
http://www.targa.co.uk/
 
Informações Acerca dos Controladores, FAQ e Manual 
Para ter todos os componentes do seu computador Targa optimamente afinados, 
deve instalar regularmente os mais recentes controladores. Pode descarregá-los 
gratuitamente do site de Apoio Técnico da Targa da Internet. 
Nesse site, também encontrará FAQs adicionais, este manual na forma de um 
documento PDF para ser lido com o Acrobat Reader da Adobe. O Acrobar Reader 
disponibiliza uma função de pesquisa confortável à qual pode aceder através de 
Edit/Search
, de forma a poder facilmente encontrar a informação e textos de ajuda 
que pretende. 
Encontra o portal de Apoio Técnico da Targa na Internet em 
 
http://www.service.targa.co.uk/.
 
A Remoção do Selo Faz Caducar a Garantia?
 
Solução:
 Pode abrir a caixa, mas perderá a garantia relativa à reivindicação de 
componentes em falta, i.e. depois de remover o selo já não pode afirmar que faltam

--- Page 217 ---
Ligar Dispositivos USB e FireWire    
35
 
 
componentes no computador. 
Aviso:  
 Se algum componente original se danificar 
durante a instalação de dispositivos de terceiros, perderá a garantia relativa a esse 
componente. 
Por que é que “O meu computador” mostra um tamanho do disco duro mais 
pequeno do que o tamanho anunciado, e.g., 298  GB em vez de 320 GB? 
Solução:
 Isso acontece porque diferentes unidades são utilizadas para calcular 
este valor. O fabricante do disco duro define 1 quilobyte como 1000 bytes. Mas 1 
quilobyte são, na verdade, 1024 bytes. Então, por exemplo, o tamanho real dum 
disco de 320 GB é o seguinte: 
320.000.000.000 bytes são, de acordo com a definição do fabricante, 320 GB, pois 
o fabricante divide sempre por 1000. 
Contudo, o tamanho real é: 
320.000.000.000 bytes / 1024 = 312.500.000 quilobytes 
312.500.000 quilobytes / 1024 = 305.175,78125 MB 
305,175.78125 MB / 1024 = 298.023223876953 GB 
Se arredondar este número, obtém 298 GB. O Windows mostra este número como 
sendo o tamanho do disco (por exemplo, no Explorador). 
 
Como Posso Activar/Desactivar a Reprodução Automática de CD-ROMs no 
Windows?  
Solução:
 Clique em 
Iniciar / Executar
 e introduza "regedit". Procure a chave 
HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\System\CurrentControlSet\Services\Cdrom
 
e depois 
a entrada 
Autorun
. 
Faça um duplo clique sobre a entrada para editar o valor:  
  1 = activada, 0 = desactivada 
Depois de mudar este valor, deve reiniciar o computador. 
Informação de Carácter Geral Sobre o BIOS e Actualizações de Firmware 
• 
Por favor, use apenas as versões oficiais de BIOS e firmware que encontra no 
nosso site de Apoio Técnico (
www.service.targa.co.uk
),  
• 
Nunca use quaisquer versões de BIOS ou firmware de terceiros. Tal pode fazer 
caducar a sua garantia.

--- Page 218 ---
36
    Resolução de Problemas, Primeiros Socorros e FAQ 
 
• 
Assegure-se que a actualização é adequada para o seu modelo e use apenas 
actualizações de BIOS e firmware aprovadas. 
• 
Por favor, leia sempre o ficheiro 
readme.txt
. 
Como Actualizar o BIOS? 
Solução: 
Procure a página de apoio técnico correcta em 
http://www.service.targa.co.uk
 introduzindo ou o número de série ou o modelo 
exacto do seu PC Targa. Abra o separador 
Downloads
 e descarregue o ficheiro 
ZIP que contém a última versão do BIOS. Extraia os ficheiros do ficheiro ZIP e siga 
as instruções que se encontram no ficheiro 
Readme.txt
 que segue junto. 
3.3  Se Está Tudo Bloqueado ---- o Restauro do 
Sistema 
Os computadores são dispositivos muito dinâmicos. Infelizmente, podem facilmente 
ocorrer situações inesperadas ou o sistema não gosta de uma definição em particu-
lar. Consequentemente, o Windows pode rapidamente tornar-se instável ou nem 
sequer carregar. Para tais situações, o Windows inclui uma ferramenta chamada 
Restauro do Sistema. 
Este programa é uma espécie de ferramenta de cópias de segurança para os 
ficheiros de sistema do Windows. Ele copia toda a necessária configuração e 
ficheiros de definições numa alguma em que não existem erros no sistema. Se o 
sistema informático lhe der problemas posteriormente, pode restaurá-lo para o 
estado anteriormente gravado com apenas alguns cliques. 
Para efectuar um restauro do seu computador livre de quaisquer problemas, deve 
usar a ferramenta Restauro do Sistema. Por favor, note que esta ferramenta 
apenas faz uma cópia de segurança das definições mais importantes do Windows. 
O próprio Windows e quaisquer dados pessoais não fazem parte deste processo de 
cópia de segurança automático, por isso necessita de fazer uma cópia de seguran-
ça dos seus dados manualmente. 
Criando Pontos de Restauro do Sistema 
O Restauro do Sistema funciona automaticamente e cria pontos de restauro do 
sistema de tempos a tempos. Mas também é possível definir manualmente pontos 
de restauro. Se algo correr mal, pode restaurar facilmente o último estado de que 
fez uma cópia de segurança. 
1.
 Para abrir a janela principal do Restauro do Sistema, clique em 
Iniciar/Todos 
os Programas/Acessórios/Ferramentas do sistema/Restauro do sistema
. De

--- Page 219 ---
Se Está Tudo Bloqueado – o Restauro do Sistema    
37
 
 
seguida, seleccione a opção 
Criar um ponto de restauro
. Clique em 
Seguinte
 
para continuar. 
 
2.
 Agora tem de dar um nome ao novo ponto de restauro. Escolha uma descrição 
que o ajude a identificar o restauro em caso de uma emergência, e.g., 
Instalação 
Completa
 ou 
Antes de instalar o programa XYZ
. Clique em 
Criar
 para continuar 
para o próximo passo. 
3.
 Neste momento, o programa vai gravar os ficheiros de sistema mais importan-
tes. Este procedimento pode demorar algum tempo – dependendo da quantidade 
de dados e da velocidade de processamento do computador. Finalmente, a cópia 
de segurança será confirmada numa janela. Terminou com sucesso a cópia de 
segurança. Clique em 
Fechar
 para sair do programa, ou clique em 
Início
 para 
voltar à janela de boas vindas do Restauro do Sistema. 
Restaurando o seu Sistema Usando Pontos de Restauro 
Se experimentar problemas com o Windows, pode, baseado na política de pontos 
de restauro, restaurá-lo para uma altura anterior, em que ele funcionava devida-
mente. Se ainda for possível iniciar o Windows, execute o programa, como habitu-
al, a partir do menu Iniciar. Nalguns casos, o procedimento de restauro também 
pode ocorrer em Modo de Segurança, e.g., se o Windows não conseguir arrancar 
sem problemas de maior.

--- Page 220 ---
38
    Resolução de Problemas, Primeiros Socorros e FAQ 
 
Restaurando o Sistema em Condições de Operação Normais 
Quando tiver problemas, por exemplo, ao lançar aplicações, ou noutras situações, 
a maior parte das vezes o Windows ainda funciona devidamente. Pode portanto 
lançar o Restauro do Sistema sob circunstâncias de operação normais. 
1.
 Execute o Restauro do Sistema clicando em 
Iniciar/Todos os progra-
mas/Acessórios/Ferramentas do Sistema/Restauro do sistema
. Seleccione a 
opção 
Restaurar o computador para uma altura anterior
. Clique em 
Seguinte
 
para continuar para a próxima janela. 
 
2.
 Esta janela mostra-lhe um calendário. Quaisquer dias onde tenha sido criado 
um ponto de restauro aparecem com os dígitos a negrito. A caixa da direita contém 
os diferentes pontos de restauro, bem como as suas descrições. Os pontos de 
restauro diários automáticos chamam-se sempre 
Ponto de verificação do siste-
ma
. Seleccione a cópia de segurança que deseja e clique em 
Seguinte
 para 
continuar para a próxima janela. 
3.
 Uma janela com uma mensagem de aviso alerta-o para o facto de dever fechar 
todos os programas que estejam abertos antes de executar o processo de restauro. 
Por favor siga este conselho. A janela seguinte mostra-lhe novamente as informa-
ções relativas ao ponto de restauro que seleccionou.

--- Page 221 ---
Se Está Tudo Bloqueado – o Restauro do Sistema    
39
 
 
 
Se não estiver seguro da sua escolha, clique em 
Anterior
 para voltar ao calendá-
rio, onde pode seleccionar um ponto diferente. Se quiser cancelar o completamente 
o procedimento, clique em 
Cancelar
. Se clicar em 
Seguinte
, o procedimento de 
reparação é executado. 
4.
 Depois de ter dado seguimento ao processo de restauro, o Windows estará 
ocupado durante alguns momentos e depois reiniciará o computador e ajustará a 
configuração actual. Finalmente, o restauro do sistema é confirmado e pode clicar 
em 
OK
 para aceitar. 
Restaurando o Sistema em Modo de Segurança 
Se o Windows tiver um problema mais grave, que o impede de arrancar normal-
mente, deve tentar carregá-lo em Modo de Segurança. Este é uma espécie de 
modo de emergência que carrega uma configuração do Windows mínima (mas 
sempre estável). 
1.
 Antes de tudo, necessita de reiniciar o computador manualmente. Depois de as 
habituais mensagens do Auto-Teste de Arranque (POST – Power On Self Test) 
terem aparecido, o computador vai começar a carregar o Windows. Imediatamente 
antes, carregue rapidamente na tecla [F8] e mantenha-a em baixo. 
2.
 Isto faz aparecer um menu de arranque. Use as teclas de cursor para seleccio-
nar 
Modo de Segurança
 e prima [Enter]. Isto tem, contudo de ser feito rapidamente.

--- Page 222 ---
40
    Resolução de Problemas, Primeiros Socorros e FAQ 
 
O menu inclui uma contagem decrescente visível que, passado certo tempo, lança 
o modo normal. 
3.
 O Windows vai arrancar em Modo de Segurança. Uma vez que o sistema 
apenas carrega os controladores e componentes indispensáveis, a imagem que 
aparece no ecrã será muito grande e com cores pouco habituais. Isto é normal. 
4.
 Lance o Restauro do Sistema do menu Iniciar e execute o procedimento de 
reparação. Este programa funcionará da mesma forma que a descrita acima. 
Contudo, apenas lhe permitirá restaurar o sistema ou desfazer um processo de 
restauro anteriormente efectuado. Não lhe é possível criar novos pontos de restau-
ro. Pode, seguidamente, reiniciar o Windows normalmente ou executar ajustes ou 
correcções adicionais. 
3.4  Restaurar o Sistema Usando o Software de 
Recuperação do Sistema 
O CD/DVD EasyInstall fornecido com o seu PC Targa contém um software de 
recuperação completamente novo que lhe permite restaurar o seu PC gradualmen-
te para um estado normal de operação. Oferece-lhe quatro opções. 
• 
Restaurar apenas os ficheiros de arranque
 
• 
Ficheiros do sistema de recuperação [Nota do tradutor: Devia ser “Res-
taurar ficheiros do sistema”]
 
• 
Recuperar todos os ficheiros (deixar os ficheiros do utilizador inalterados)
 
• 
Recuperação concluída (todos os ficheiros serão eliminados) [Nota do 
tradutor: Devia ser “Restauro Total (todos os ficheiros serão eliminados)”]
 
Se o PC não arranca ou apenas arranca com problemas, insira o DVD-ROM 
EasyInstall na sua unidade de CD/DVD e reinicie o computador. 
1.
 Aparece uma mensagem a avisá-lo de uma possível perda de dados. Clique no 
botão 
Executar o programa
.

--- Page 223 ---
Restaurar o Sistema Usando o Software de Recuperação do Sistema    
41
 
 
 
2.
 No passo seguinte, pode escolher entre as quatro opções mencionadas acima. 
 
3.
 Se tiver problemas a iniciar o Windows, tente primeiro a opção 
Restaurar 
apenas os ficheiros de arranque
.

--- Page 224 ---
42
    Resolução de Problemas, Primeiros Socorros e FAQ 
 
4.
 Se tiver problemas com os ficheiros de sistema do Windows que não podem ser 
resolvidos com o Restauro do Sistema do Windows (como descrito na página 36), 
tente a segunda opção, 
Ficheiros do sistema de recuperação
. 
5.
 Se o computador ainda não iniciar depois de aplicar estes procedimentos, tente 
a terceira opção, 
Recuperar todos os ficheiros (deixar os ficheiros do utiliza-
dor inalterados)
.
 
Quaisquer ficheiros do utilizador serão mantidos desde que 
tenham sido gravados nas pastas predefinidas. 
6.
 Apenas se também esta opção falhar deve seleccionar o último item, 
Recupe-
ração concluída (todos os ficheiros serão eliminados)
,
 
Por favor tenha em 
atenção que este procedimento apagará completamente quaisquer dados do PC. 
Utilize esta opção para recuperar a configuração do software predefinido na fábrica. 
 
Importante! 
Tenha em atenção que dar seguimento a este processo de recuperação vai 
restaurar a configuração definida pelo fabricante do computador. Esta operação 
vai apagar todos os dados existentes no disco rígido (no Windows ele é desi-
gnado por unidade C:). Se não quiser que isto aconteça, saia do software de 
recuperação e efectue primeiro uma cópia de segurança dos seus dados (por 
exemplo, num CD ou DVD). Assim que tiver efectuado uma cópia de segurança 
dos dados, pode executar este software novamente.  
 
7.
 Lance o processo de recuperação clicando no botão 
Iniciar(I)
.

--- Page 225 ---
Restaurar o Sistema Usando o Software de Recuperação do Sistema    
43
 
 
 
8.
 Clique no botão 
OK
 
para confirmar que tomou 
conhecimento da mensa-
gem de aviso da janela 
seguinte.

--- Page 226 ---
44
    Resolução de Problemas, Primeiros Socorros e FAQ 
 
9.
 O processo de recupe-
ração inicia. Este processo 
pode demorar algum 
tempo. Pode monitorar o 
progresso da recuperação 
através da barra de pro-
gresso. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Importante! 
Nunca desligue o computador enquanto o processo de recuperação estiver a 
ser executado. Não deve interromper o processo de recuperação! 
 
10.
 Depois de a recupera-
ção ter terminado, clique 
em 
Reiniciar o computa-
dor
.

--- Page 227 ---
Activação, Registo e Número de Série    
45
 
 
Activação, Registo e Número de Série 
Geral 
Todos os programas fornecidos foram pré-instalados no seu computador e estão 
prontos para serem utilizados. Contudo, se vier a precisar de reinstalar um progra-
ma em particular, normalmente usa um Assistente de Configuração. Para além dos 
seus detalhes pessoais (opcional), deve estar na posse de uma chave, número de 
série, código da licença, ou código de activação. Esta chave é relativa ao conjunto 
de itens que veio com o seu computador e pode ser encontrada em vários locais, 
como por exemplo: 
• 
Na parte de trás ou de cima do seu computador 
• 
impressa no CD/DVD 
• 
na frente ou na parte de trás do invólucro do CD/DVD 
Um software consiste normalmente de um media de instalação (CD/DVD/disquete), 
do Acordo de Licença (contido no manual ou no media de instalação) e da chave 
de instalação. Por favor conserve todos os documentos, papéis, provas ou recibos 
que tenham vindo com o PC. Podem conter informações importantes de que venha 
a precisar mais tarde.  
Acordo de Licença 
Um Acordo de Licença de Software diz-lhe de que forma é que está autorizado a 
usar o software. Tal cobrirá desde logo algumas diferenças importantes entre o 
cliente/utilizador e o fabricante. Enquanto que o cliente / utilizador normalmente 
pensa que comprou o software (adquiriu a sua propriedade), o fabricante apenas 
diz que o cliente tem o direito de “utilizar” o software mediante certas circunstânci-
as. Normalmente, o software apenas pode ser utilizado em conjunto com o sistema 
informático que comprou. O seu uso comercial também pode estar sujeito a restri-
ções. Para além disso, o software não pode ser utilizado para controlar máquinas 
ou para desenvolver ou fabricar quaisquer armas. Outro aspecto a considerar é a 
responsabilidade limitada do fabricante.  
Se não concorda inteiramente com todos os termos contidos no Acordo de Licença, 
não lhe é permitido que use o software. Por vezes, alguns dos termos no Acordo de 
Licença podem não ser completamente legais. Neste caso, esses termos em 
particular podem tornar-se sem efeito, de forma que já não o comprometem mais.  
O Acordo de Licença pode reservar o direito de devolução do software sempre que 
não concordar com os seus termos. Por favor observe que isto se refere a uma 
devolução do bem ao fabricante e não a uma restituição do seu valor por parte do 
revendedor. Deve contactar o fabricante do software para o informar do seu desejo

--- Page 228 ---
46
    Activação, Registo e Número de Série 
 
de o devolver. Uma vez que o seu sistema informático é um produto cujo preço é 
calculado para um conjunto de itens agrupados, está excluída desta oferta uma 
política de restituição do valor a componentes individuais e de software. Quaisquer 
comparações de preços não podem ser feitas e, portanto, não é possível a restitui-
ção de qualquer valor. 
Chaves, Códigos, e Números de Série 
O seu sistema informático é identificado duma forma única por chaves, códigos ou 
números de série. Estes referem-se aos diferentes componentes que foram forne-
cidos com o seu computador e são guardados pelo fabricante em conjunto com 
toda a outra informação relativa ao sistema informático.  
No caso das componentes de software, elas fazem parte de um esquema de 
segurança para evitar a cópia e publicação ilegal e descontrolada desse mesmo 
software. Portanto, há diferentes etiquetas e selos que serão utilizados para verifi-
car a autenticidade do seu produto e que permitem a quem adquiriu o sistema e 
esses códigos o uso de software genuíno. 
Registo e Activação do Produto 
Através do registo do seu software, demonstra que é possuidor de uma licença e 
que aceitou o Acordo de Licença. Portanto, mais ninguém pode usar a sua licença 
ao mesmo tempo. Registar um produto não é obrigatório, mas a maior parte dos 
fabricantes oferece aos seus clientes a possibilidade de se registarem com os seus 
nomes e endereços. Os seus detalhes pessoais são normalmente utilizados para o 
manter informado acerca dos últimos produtos e versões dos programas. 
Por outro lado, existe a activação do produto. A activação do produto foi introduzida 
pela Microsoft e activa certas características do produto previamente inacessíveis, 
dando-lhe uma funcionalidade total e uso ilimitado. É, portanto, um passo importan-
te para além do registo. A activação do produto é um mecanismo de protecção 
para reduzir a pirataria de software. Isto também protege o consumidor do uso de 
software ilegal. As pessoas que usam ou distribuem software ilegal fazem mal não 
só a elas mesmas mas também à economia global.

--- Page 229 ---
Segurança    
47
 
 
Segurança 
Aviso 
Antes de utilizar este dispositivo pela primeira vez, leia as seguintes notas neste 
manual e preste atenção a todos os avisos, mesmo se estiver habituado a lidar 
com dispositivos electrónicos. Guarde este manual num local seguro para futura 
referência. Se vender ou ceder este dispositivo a outra pessoa, é imperativo que o 
faça acompanhar deste manual. 
Compatibilidade Electromagnética e Normas de 
Segurança 
Este dispositivo está em conformidade com as normas EN 55022, EN 55024, EN 
61000-3-2, EN 61000-3-3, e EN 60950. Os dispositivos de radiofrequência incluí-
dos, e.g. dispositivos de rede sem fios, estão em conformidade com a directiva 
sobre equipamento terminal de rádio e telecomunicações, R&TTE, (1999/5/EG, 
ETSI EN 300 328, EN 301489-1, EN 301489-17). O receptor de televisão fornecido 
está em conformidade com as normas EN 55013 e EN 55020. 
Quaisquer alterações ao equipamento, que não as recomendadas pelo fabricante, 
podem resultar em não-conformidade com estas directivas. Para assegurar a 
Compatibilidade Electromagnética (EMC – Electromagnetic Compatibility) deste 
equipamento, siga as instruções deste Guia do Utilizador. 
Nota para o Utilizador 
Este equipamento foi testado e mostrou estar dentro dos limites para supressão de 
interferências. Quando utilizar cabos de sinal externos, tenha em consideração o 
seguinte: Quando substituir qualquer dos cabos fornecidos pelo fabricante, o 
utilizador deve assegurar-se que as directrizes de EMC (Compatibilidade Electro-
magnética) são seguidas. As características de blindagem de todos os cabos 
substituídos devem ser, pelo menos, equivalentes às dos cabos originais. Apenas 
deve usar cabos blindados e apenas deve ligar dispositivos com padrões de segu-
rança e de EMC equivalentes aos deste produto. 
Se não obedecer aos pontos supra-mencionados, estas directivas já não se apli-
cam. 
• 
Aviso: Este dispositivo pertence à Classe de Segurança 1, e apenas pode ser 
ligado a uma tomada eléctrica com ligação à terra.

--- Page 230 ---
48
    Segurança 
 
• 
O PC deve estar posicionado de forma a ser imediato e estar desimpedido o 
acesso à tomada eléctrica, para, em caso de emergência, ser possível remover 
a ficha rapidamente. Para evitar o perigo de incêndio, se tencionar não utilizar o 
dispositivo durante um longo período de tempo (e.g., quando em férias), este 
deve ser sempre desligado da tomada eléctrica. Antes de tempestades, se exis-
tir a possibilidade de trovoadas, desligue o dispositivo da rede eléctrica. 
Tipo de Utilização a que este Dispositivo se Destina 
Na sua configuração predefinida, este produto não foi concebido para propósitos 
médicos, de salva-vidas, de salvamento ou de manutenção da vida. Pode ser 
utilizado para aplicações domésticas, do escritório, ou de pequenas empresas (de 
acordo com EN 61000-6-1 / EN 61000-6-3). Tal inclui jogos, aplicações de comuni-
cações e de escritório, e outras. 
Para além disso, o dispositivo não deve ser utilizado em exteriores ou em climas 
tropicais. Apenas podem ser utilizados cabos e dispositivos externos que estejam 
em conformidade com as normas de segurança e a compatibilidade e blindagem 
electromagnética deste dispositivo. Este dispositivo preenche todos os requisitos da 
Conformidade CE, e normas e padrões relevantes. Quaisquer alterações ao equi-
pamento, que não as recomendadas pelo fabricante, podem resultar em que estas 
directivas já não se apliquem. Utilize apenas acessórios recomendados pelo 
fabricante. 
A Targa não aceita responsabilidade pelos danos causados pela utilização deste 
computador em situações a que este não se destina. 
Características do Ambiente de Funcionamento 
Coloque este dispositivo numa superfície estável e plana, e não coloque em cima 
dele quaisquer objectos pesados. 
Este dispositivo não deve ser utilizado em ambientes com temperatura ou humida-
de elevadas (e.g., casas de banho), e deve ser mantido livre de poeiras. 
Temperatura e humidade de funcionamento: 10 °C a 35 °C, máximo de 85 % de 
humidade relativa. 
Assegure-se sempre que: 
• 
existe livre circulação de ar (não coloque o dispositivo em prateleiras, numa 
carpete espessa, numa cama, ou em qualquer lugar onde as ranhuras de venti-

--- Page 231 ---
Segurança    
49
 
 
lação fiquem obstruídas, e deixe uma margem de pelo menos 10 cm em todas 
as direcções). 
• 
o dispositivo não sofre directa influência de fontes de calor (e.g., aquecedores). 
• 
o dispositivo não sofre directa influência de luz solar ou luz artificial intensa. 
• 
evita contacto com sprays, pingos ou salpicos, e líquidos abrasivos, e que o 
dispositivo nunca é utilizado perto de água, e, em particular, que nunca o sub-
merge (nunca coloque objectos com líquidos, tais como vasos ou bebidas, perto 
do dispositivo). 
• 
nunca coloca o dispositivo na vizinhança imediata de campos magnéticos (e.g., 
colunas de som). 
• 
não coloca fontes de fogo (e.g., velas acesas) em cima ou perto do dispositivo. 
• 
não introduz corpos estranhos no dispositivo. 
• 
o dispositivo não é submetido a bruscas mudanças de temperatura, pois tal 
pode causar humidade devida a condensação. 
• 
o dispositivo não é submetido a excessivas pancadas e vibrações. 
• 
apenas utiliza tomadas eléctricas com ligação à terra.  
Pilhas e Pilhas Recarregáveis 
Apenas utilize pilhas ou pilhas recarregáveis de tipo idêntico ou dum tipo recomen-
dado pelo fabricante. Insira as pilhas ou pilhas recarregáveis no respectivo compar-
timento, assegurando-se que respeita a polaridade. Nunca utilize diferentes tipos 
de pilhas ou pilhas recarregáveis, por exemplo, usadas e novas, alcalinas e de 
carbono, ou pilhas juntamente com pilhas recarregáveis. 
Nunca tente recarregar pilhas normais – apenas é possível recarregar pilhas 
recarregáveis! 
As pilhas ou pilhas recarregáveis não devem ser desmontadas e, sob circunstância 
alguma, entrar em contacto com fogo. Quando manuseadas incorrectamente, 
existe o perigo de explosão. Mantenha as pilhas e pilhas recarregáveis longe das 
crianças.

--- Page 232 ---
50
    Segurança 
 
Remova as pilhas quando o dispositivo não for utilizado durante um longo período 
de tempo. A utilização de pilhas de forma para a qual elas não foram concebidas 
pode provocar uma explosão e colocar a sua vida em perigo. 
Respeite o ambiente! Não deve descartar-se de pilhas e pilhas recarregáveis 
usadas juntamente com o lixo doméstico! Elas devem ser entregues num ponto de 
recolha criado para este efeito. 
 
LASER (Aviso de Segurança) 
Este dispositivo contém um sistema LASER classificado como “Produto LASER de 
Classe 1”. Consulte as Instruções de Funcionamento, e leia-as cuidadosamente 
para saber como o utilizar correctamente. Guarde-as para referência futura. Se 
tiver problemas com o seu PC, por favor contacte apoio técnico ou pessoal de 
manutenção devidamente qualificado. Para evitar o contacto directo com o feixe 
LASER, não deve abrir as unidades ópticas, tais como o DVD-ROM ou o gravador 
de DVDs. 
ATENÇÃO! Radiação LASER quando a cobertura é removida!
 
Este equipamento pode conter dispositivos pertencentes a Classes LASER desde o 
nível 1 até ao 3B. Quando a cobertura está fechada, o equipamento obedece aos 
requisitos da Classe de LASER 1. Quando abrir o equipamento, pode estar a expor 
dispositivos LASER de Classe até 3B. Este tipo de radiação LASER está contido 
nas unidades ópticas. Quando remover ou abrir estas unidades, deve seguir as 
seguintes directrizes: 
• 
Nunca olhe para o feixe LASER, nem mesmo quando estiver a utilizar dispositi-
vos e ferramentas ópticos. 
• 
Não se exponha ao feixe LASER. 
• 
Evite radiação directa ou indirecta (reflexão / refracção) nos seus olhos ou pele. 
As unidades ópticas instaladas não contêm peças que possam ser mantidas ou 
reparadas pelo utilizador. As unidades ópticas devem ser mantidas e reparadas 
exclusivamente pelo fabricante. 
Instruções Importantes Relativas a Segurança 
• 
O lugar de dispositivos eléctricos não é na mão de crianças!

--- Page 233 ---
Segurança    
51
 
 
• 
Não permita que crianças brinquem com dispositivos eléctricos quando não sob 
supervisão. Elas podem não compreender a presença de potenciais riscos. 
• 
Pilhas, pilhas recarregáveis, e pequenos componentes, constituem perigo de 
asfixia. Mantenha as pilhas fora do alcance de crianças. Se uma pilha for engo-
lida, procure imediatamente ajuda médica. 
• 
Mantenha a embalagem afastada das crianças para evitar o perigo de asfixia. 
• 
Quando ligar este dispositivo a uma antena, ele deve ser ligado à terra por um 
técnico qualificado para garantir protecção adequada contra picos eléctricos e 
descargas electrostáticas. 
• 
Não abra o seu PC! As modificações e reparações do hardware devem ser 
realizadas por técnicos autorizados ou pessoal de apoio técnico. 
• 
Dentro do seu PC existe uma bateria de lítio. A substituição desta bateria deve 
ser efectuada por pessoal de apoio técnico devidamente autorizado. 
• 
Pegue sempre nos cabos pela respectiva ficha e nunca puxe pelo próprio cabo. 
Nunca segure o cabo eléctrico com as mãos molhadas pois tal pode causar um 
curto-circuito ou um choque eléctrico. Nunca coloque o dispositivo, objectos pe-
sados, ou mobiliário, em cima do cabo eléctrico, e assegure-se que o cabo nun-
ca está esticado, torcido, comprimido, ou emaranhado, em particular perto da 
ficha e encaixes. Nunca dê nós no cabo e não o ate em conjunto com outros 
cabos. Todos os cabos devem ser colocados de modo que ninguém tropece 
neles ou fique obstruído por eles. Um cabo eléctrico danificado pode provocar 
um incêndio ou um choque eléctrico. Inspeccione o cabo eléctrico de tempos a 
tempos. Nunca use adaptadores ou extensões que não respeitem as actuais 
regulações de segurança do seu país, e não modifique nenhum dos cabos eléc-
tricos ou instalações eléctricas! 
• 
Deve fazer reparar o dispositivo quando ele tiver um dano qualquer, por exem-
plo, quando a ficha eléctrica, o cabo eléctrico, ou a caixa estiver danificada, 
quando líquidos ou objectos entraram no dispositivo, quando o dispositivo este-
ve exposto a chuva ou humidade, quando o dispositivo não funciona devida-
mente, ou se deixou cair o dispositivo. Se observar fumo, ruído incomum, ou 
odores estranhos, desligue imediatamente o dispositivo e remova a ficha da to-
mada eléctrica. Neste caso, o dispositivo não deve ser utilizado mais, e deve 
ser inspeccionado por técnicos de reparação devidamente autorizados. Contac-
te pessoal qualificado quando for necessária reparação. Nunca remova a cober-
tura do dispositivo, do transformador de corrente, ou dos acessórios. Se a co-

--- Page 234 ---
52
    Segurança 
 
bertura for removida, está a colocar a sua vida em perigo devido à possibilidade 
de ocorrência de choques eléctricos. 
• 
Para limpeza, utilize apenas um pano seco e limpo. 
• 
Quando conectar dispositivos periféricos, assegure-se que os cabos não são 
demasiado curtos e que não forçam mecanicamente os conectores. 
• 
O computador armazena todos os seus dados num dispositivo de armazena-
mento com uma superfície magnética. Por este motivo, mantenha o seu PC 
longe de fontes de campos magnéticos e electromagnéticos. 
Instruções de Segurança Adicionais para Dispositivos de 
Rede sem Fios 
O seu computador tem um dispositivo de Rede sem Fios. Deve, portanto, ler e 
obedecer a estas instruções de segurança quando utilizar o computador: 
• 
Se estiver num hospital, num local onde se efectuem operações, ou perto de 
dispositivos médicos electrónicos, desligue a funcionalidade de rede sem fios 
do computador! Os sinais de radiofrequência podem interferir com a funcionali-
dade do equipamento médico. 
• 
Coloque o computador a pelo menos 20 cm de 
pacemakers, 
pois os sinais de 
radiofrequência podem interferir com a sua funcionalidade. 
• 
Os sinais de radiofrequência emitidos podem causar interferência em dispositi-
vos de auxílio da audição. 
• 
Não coloque o computador com o adaptador de rede sem fios virado para ou 
perto de gás inflamável ou numa área onde podem ocorrer explosões, pois os 
sinais de radiofrequência emitidos podem causar explosões ou fogo. 
• 
O alcance dos sinais de radiofrequência depende das condições ambientais. 
• 
Quando transmitir dados sem fios, é possível que terceiros não autorizados os 
recebam. 
A TARGA GmbH não é responsável por qualquer interferência em sinais de radio-
frequência ou televisão provocada por modificação não autorizada deste dispositi-
vo. Para além disto, a TARGA não assume qualquer responsabilidade pela substi-
tuição de cabos ou dispositivos que não tenham sido aprovados pela TARGA 
GmbH. O utilizador é o único responsável pela resolução de problemas de interfe-
rência provocados por modificação não-autorizada deste dispositivo e pela substi-
tuição de quaisquer dispositivos.

--- Page 235 ---
Segurança    
53
 
 
CE Marking 
para Dispositivos com Rede sem Fios 
Este dispositivo está em conformidade com a directiva 1999/5/EG do Parlamento e 
Conselho Europeu de 9 de Março de 1999 para equipamento de rádio e telecomu-
nicações e provou não causar nem ser susceptível a interferências. 
Segurança 
Este computador pode ser utilizado na Bélgica, Dinamarca, Alemanha, Finlândia, 
França, Grécia, Grã-Bretanha, Irlanda, Itália, Luxemburgo, Holanda, Áustria, 
Portugal, Suécia, Suiça, Espanha, Islândia, Liechtenstein, e Noruega. 
Para informações sobre possíveis restrições à sua utilização, contacte a devida 
autoridade do respectivo país. Se o seu país não estiver listado, contacte a devida 
Autoridade Reguladora para saber se pode utilizar este produto no seu país. 
 
Bélgica  www.bipt.be  Holanda  www.opta.nl 
Dinamarca  www.tst.dk  Áustria  www.rtr.at 
Alemanha  www.regtp.de  Portugal  www.icp.pt 
Finlândia  www.fi cora.fi  Suécia  www.pts.se 
França  www.art-telecom.fr  Suiça  www.bakom.ch 
Grécia  www.eett.gr  Espanha  www.cmt.es 
Inglaterra  www.oftel.gov.uk  Islândia  www.pta.is 
Irlanda  www.comreg.ie  Liechtenstein  www.ak.li 
Itália  www.agcom.it  Noruega  www.npt.no 
Luxemburgo  www.etat.lu/ILT   
 
 
Restrições 
França
 
Banda de Frequências Restrita. Apenas os canais 10 e 11 (2,457 MHz e 2,462 MHz) podem 
ser utilizados em França. Não é permitida a utilização deste dispositivo no exterior. 
Informação: www.art-telecom.fr 
Itália  
Também é necessária uma licença ministerial para utilização no interior.  Contacte o seu 
revendedor para o procedimento necessário. 
Não é permitida a utilização deste dispositivo no exterior. 
Informação: www.agcom.it

--- Page 236 ---
54
    Segurança 
 
Holanda  
É necessária uma licença para utilização no exterior. Contacte o seu revendedor para o 
procedimento necessário. 
Informação: www.opta.nl 
 
Radiofrequências para Dispositivos de Rede sem Fios 
Para informação actualizada, contacte a devida autoridade do seu país (e.g. 
www.icp.pt). 
Frequências 
De acordo com as normas do IEEE 802.11b e 802.11g, os adaptadores de Rede 
sem Fios são concebidos para utilizar a banda de frequências ISM (Industrial, 
Científica, Médica) entre 2,4 e 2,4835 GHz. Uma vez que cada um dos 11 canais 
disponíveis necessita duma largura de banda DSSS (
Direct Sequence Spread 
Spectrum
) de 22 MHz, apenas está disponível um máximo de 3 canais independen-
tes (por exemplo, os canais 3, 8, e 11). Na seguinte tabela, encontra os canais que 
podem ser utilizados em cada país: 
 
Canal   MHz  Europa, R&TTE   França, R&TTE  
1   2412   X   
2   2417   X   
3   2422   X   
4   2427   X   
5   2432   X   
6   2437   X   
7   2442   X   
8   2447   X   
9   2452   X   
10   2457   X  X 
11   2462   X  X

--- Page 237 ---
Segurança    
55
 
 
Normas ---- Desresponsabilização 
Desresponsabilização para Dispositivos sem Fios 
A instalação e funcionamento de dispositivos de Rede sem Fios devem ser de 
acordo com as instruções contidas na documentação do utilizador. Esta documen-
tação do utilizador vem incluída na embalagem do produto. Quaisquer modificações 
ao dispositivo que não tenham sido explicitamente aprovadas pelo fabricante pode 
fazer caducar a permissão de utilização do dispositivo. O fabricante não é respon-
sável por quaisquer interferências na recepção de sinais de rádio e televisão que 
resultem de modificações não autorizadas ao dispositivo, ou de substituição ou 
instalação de cabos ou acessórios que não tenham sido explicitamente recomen-
dados pelo fabricante. É da total responsabilidade do utilizador a resolução de 
quaisquer problemas de interferência provocados por modificações não autoriza-
das, ou pela substituição ou instalação de componentes. Nem o fabricante nem os 
seus revendedores ou distribuidores autorizados são responsáveis por quaisquer 
danos ou violação de leis em vigor que resultem da violação destas Normas. 
 
Descarte de Dispositivos Antigos 
1.  Se o produto contiver uma etiqueta com uma imagem dum balde 
de lixo com um traço por cima, ele está sujeito à Directriz Euro-
peia 2002/96/EC. 
2.  O descarte de todos os dispositivos eléctricos e electrónicos deve 
ser efectuado separadamente do lixo doméstico, em locais publi-
camente estabelecidos. 
3.  Evite contaminar o ambiente e colocar em perigo a sua saúde, descartando-se 
devidamente do dispositivo. 
4.  Para mais informações sobre como se descartar devidamente do dispositivo, 
contacte as agências governamentais locais, organizações envolvidas no des-
carte, ou a loja onde o comprou. 
Conformidade 
A Declaração CE de Conformidade pode ser encontrada 
em 
www.service.targa.co.uk.

--- Page 238 ---
56
    Glossário 
 
Glossário 
AGP (Accelerated Graphics Port – 
Porto Gráfico Acelerado) 
O bus mais comum para placas gráficas 
Disponível em 4 níveis de velocidade: 
1 x = 264 MB/s, 2 x = 528 MB/s, 
4 x = 1 056 MB/s, 8 x = 2 112 MB/s. 
BIOS (Basic Input / Output System – 
Sistema Básico de Entrada / Saída) 
O BIOS é o programa elementar de qualquer 
computador; encontra-se armazenado num 
chip da placa-mãe. Permite-lhe ajustar as 
definições básicas, tais como os parâmetros 
do disco duro, e opções de interface e de 
poupança de energia. As definições do BIOS 
foram optimizadas na fábrica para um uso 
normal. Uma vez que quaisquer mudanças a 
estas definições podem levar a um funcio-
namento indevido do sistema, deve ler o 
Manual do Utilizador ou aconselhar-se com 
um perito em computadores, antes de fazer 
qualquer alteração. 
Bus PCI (Peripheral Component 
Interconnect – Interconexão de 
Componentes Periféricos) 
A última palavra em tecnologia de placas de 
expansão de PCs, apresentando uma largura 
de banda de 32 bits e uma frequência de 33 
MHz. Pode transferir dados até 132 MB/s. 
CD-R 
Um CD virgem (em branco) onde se pode 
escrever apenas uma vez com um gravador 
de CDs. 
CD-RW 
Um CD virgem (em branco) onde se pode 
escrever várias vezes (aprox. 1000) com um 
gravador de CDs. 
CPU (Central Processing Unit – 
Unidade Central de Processamento) 
= Processador 
O processador é o coração de cada compu-
tador. Está instalado num encaixe na placa-
mãe. As CPUs e as suas velocidades de 
relógio são o factor mais importante na 
determinação da velocidade de processa-
mento do computador. 
Os modernos processadores de alto desem-
penho necessitam de uma ventoinha dissi-
padora de calor. 
DDR-SDRAM (Double Data Rate-
SDRAM – Taxa de Dados Duplicada-
SDRAM) 
O DDR-SDRAM é um tipo de memória muito 
rápida que pode transferir dados duas vezes 
mais depressa do que a SDRAM normal. 
DirectX 
Interface de programação multimédia 
desenvolvido pela Microsoft. Permite que 
programas – em particular jogos de compu-
tador – acedam rapidamente a funcionalida-
des gráficas, sonoras, e de rede, bem como 
a hardware de jogos, tais como joysticks ou 
volantes. 
DSL (Digital Subscriber Line – Linha 
Digital de Assinante) 
A linha digital de assinante permite-lhe 
transferir dados ao longo de linhas de 
telecomunicação convencionais usando altas 
taxas de transferência. Uma ligação DSL é 
aproximadamente dez vezes mais rápida do 
que uma RDIS. A DSL necessita de modems 
especiais. 
DVD-ROM (Digital Versatile Disc – 
Disco Versátil Digital) 
Sucessor do Disco Compacto (CD – Com-
pact Disc), com as mesmas dimensões. DVD 
apenas de leitura. Disponível com diferentes 
capacidades: 4,7 GB (DVD-5, lado único), 
8,6 GB (DVD-9, lado único, duas camadas), 
9,4 GB (DVD-10, dois lados, para se voltar), 
17,1 GB (DVD-18, dois lados, duas cama-
das). 
DVD-R 
Um DVD, com a capacidade de 4,7 GB, no 
qual se pode gravar uma vez, mas que se 
pode ler muitas (infinitas) vezes.

--- Page 239 ---
Glossário    
57
 
 
DVD-RW 
Um DVD, com a capacidade de 4,7 GB, no 
qual se pode gravar muitas vezes (aprox. 
1000), e que se pode ler infinitas vezes. 
Ethernet 
A Ethernet é a infra-estrutura de rede mais 
largamente utilizada no mundo. Apresenta 
uma taxa máxima de transmissão de dados 
de 10 ou 100 Mb/s para ligar diferentes 
computadores.  
Firewall 
Um programa, integrado no caminho das 
comunicações, que evita acesso não 
autorizado ao seu PC por parte do mundo 
exterior. Normalmente, uma firewall torna 
segura uma ligação à Internet. 
FireWire, iLink, IEEE-1394 
O IEEE-1394 é um bus série padrão da 
indústria, que fornece uma transferência de 
dados rápida. O FireWire tornou-se muito 
popular, em particular entre aplicações de 
vídeo digital (DV – Digital Video). A sua alta 
taxa de transferência de dados, que pode 
chegar a 400 MB/s, torna-o a escolha ideal 
para dados multimédia.  
LAN (Local Area Network – Rede de 
Área Local) 
Termo comum para uma rede local. Normal-
mente, não é possível um acesso público. 
Modem (Modulador/Desmodulador) 
O PC usa o modem para estabelecer ligação 
com as redes analógicas de telefone con-
vencionais de forma a poder ser possível a 
comunicação com computadores remotos ou 
com a Internet.  
RDIS (Rede Digital com Integração de 
Serviços) 
Rede digital com fios. A diferença mais 
notável relativamente às redes telefónicas 
analógicas é que a RDIS transmite sinais 
digitais.  
Rede 
Uma rede é um grupo de vários computado-
res que comunicam uns com os outros. A 
Internet é a maior rede do mundo. 
Placa Principal (ou Placa-mãe) 
A Placa Principal do PC contém os encaixes 
para o processador, os chipsets, ranhuras de 
expansão, bus de memória, e diferentes 
interfaces para o mundo exterior. 
Plug & Play or PnP 
Traduz-se como “Ligue e siga em frente”. 
Tecnologia de computadores onde os 
componentes se autoconfiguram. O Windows 
detecta as placas de expansão (tais como 
placas de rede ou modems) e faz automati-
camente todas as configurações necessári-
as.  
SPDIF 
SPDIF é a abreviatura de “Sony / Philips 
Digital Interface” (Interface Digital Sony / 
Philips). Representa uma conexão de cabo 
padrão para dados de som digital que foi 
definida pela Sony e Philips. Usando um 
cabo e conector SPDIF, pode transferir 
dados de música entre dois dispositivos 
áudio. Se fornecido, deve usar o cabo SPDIF 
que vier com o equipamento. 
USB (Universal Serial Bus – Bus 
Série Universal) 
A sigla USB significa “
U
niversal 
S
erial 
B
us” 
(Bus Série Universal). O USB é um interface 
simples, mas também universal, para 
praticamente todos os tipos de dispositivos - 
desde ratos e teclados, passando pelos 
joysticks e gamepads, até digitalizadores, 
modems, sticks de memória, máquinas 
fotográficas digitais, e leitores de MP3. 
 
VGA 
VGA é a sigla de 
V
ideo 
G
raphics 
A
rray 
(Matriz Gráfica de Vídeo) e representa a 
placa gráfica do seu computador. Analoga-
mente, todos os componentes necessários 
para a visualização da imagem também são 
chamados componentes VGA.

--- Page 240 ---
58
    Glossário 
 
WHQL (Windows Hardware Quality 
Labs – Laboratórios de Qualidade de 
Hardware do Windows) 
Um padrão de certificação para hardware 
fundado pela Microsoft que efectua testes 
com vários critérios (compatibilidade, 
configuração, etc.) nos laboratórios acima. 
Se o produto for de encontro àqueles 
critérios, obtém a certificação “Microsoft 
WHQL approved (aprovado)” e está, portan-
to, certificado para o uso com o Windows. 
Todos os PCs e portáteis Targa vão de 
encontro àqueles requisitos de qualidade. 
WLAN – Wireless LAN (Rede de Área 
Local sem Fios) 
WLAN é a sigla de “Wireless LAN”, que 
significa “rede sem fios”.

--- Page 241 ---
Índice Remissivo    
59
 
 
Índice Remissivo 
 
A Primeira Configuração do Windows, 6 
Acesso à Internet, 17 
Acesso Telefónico à Rede 
Informação geral, 14 
Internet, 14 
Nome de utilizador, 17 
Palavra-passe, 17 
Acessórios, 34 
Actualização 
BIOS, 35 
Actualizações, 34 
Aparelho de TV 
Ligar, 8 
Apoio Técnico, 31 
Assistente de Configuração de Rede, 19 
Autodetecção 
USB, 29 
BIOS, 35 
Cabo cruzado, 19 
Cabo de rede, 19 
Cartões Compact Flash, 11 
Cartões de memória 
Remover, 12 
Cartões SD, 11 
CD-ROM 
Posição de parqueamento, 6 
Computador 
Ligação directa, 19 
Nome, 21 
WLAN, 22 
Conector do telefone na parede, 13 
Controlador, 34 
Cópia de Segurança 
Restauro do Sistema, 36 
DVD-ROM 
Posição de parqueamento, 6 
Ecrã 
Resolução, 7 
Emissor, 9 
Encriptação 
WLAN, 26 
FAQ, 34 
FireWire 
IEEE 1394, 30 
Plug & Play, 30 
Troca a Quente, 30 
Grupo de trabalho, 21 
Hardware 
WLAN, 22 
IEEE 1394, 30 
Internet 
Acesso Telefónico à Rede, 14 
Nome de utilizador, 17 
Palavra-passe, 17 
LAN 
Configurar, 19 
LAN sem fios, 22 
Leitor de cartões 
Cartões CF, 11 
Cartões SD, 11 
Informação geral, 11 
Memory Stick, 11 
Microdrive, 11 
SmartMedia, 11 
Transferir, 11 
Leitor de Cartões 
Remover cartões, 12 
Ligação Directa, 19 
Ligar um aparelho de TV, 8 
Manual, 34 
Media amovível, 12 
Memory Stick, 11 
Microdrive, 11 
Microprogramme, 35 
Modem 
Acesso Telefónico à Rede, 14 
Conector do telefone na parede, 13 
Instalar, 13 
Nome de utilizador, 17 
Palavra-passe, 17 
Monitor 
Resolução, 7 
Peças, 34 
Placa gráfica 
Resolução, 7 
Saída na TV, 8 
Plug & Play 
FireWire, 30 
USB, 29 
Primeira Configuração, 6 
Projector, 9 
Projector Vídeo, 9

--- Page 242 ---
60
    Índice Remissivo 
 
Rede 
Configurar automaticamente, 18 
Configurar utilizando o Assistente, 18 
Grupo de trabalho, 21 
Nome do computador, 21 
Sem fios, 22 
SSID, 25 
WLAN, generalidades, 22 
Remover cartões de memória, 12 
Resolução de Problemas, 32 
Restauro do Sistema 
Criar cópias de segurança, 36 
Informação básica, 36 
Informação de carácter geral, 36 
Modo de Segurança, 39 
Pontos de restauro, 36 
Restaurar o sistema, 37 
Sob condições de operação normais, 
38 
Segurança 
WLAN, 26 
SmartMedia, 11 
SSID, 25 
TCP/IP 
Assistente, 18 
WLAN, 24 
Transferir 
Cartões de memória, 11 
Transferir imagens, 11 
Troca a Quente 
FireWire, 30 
USB, 29 
USB 
Compatibilidade, 29 
Dispositivos mais antigos, 29 
Plug & Play, 29 
Troca a Quente, 29 
USB 1,0, 29 
USB 1.1, 29 
USB 2,0, 29 
WEP, 26 
Windows 
Assistente de Configuração de Rede, 
19 
Grupo de trabalho, 21 
Nome do computador, 21 
WLAN, 22 
Configurar, 24 
Generalidades, 22 
Segurança, 26 
SSID, 25 
TCP/IP, 24 
WEP, 26

--- Page 243 ---






Svenska 
2EVHUYHUD
,QQDQGXDQYlQGHUGHQQDHQKHWI|UI|UVWDJnQJHQVNDI|OMDQGHQRWHULQJDULGHQQD
KDQGERNOlVDVlYHQRPGXlUYDQYLGDWWKDQWHUDHOHNWURQLVNDSSDUDWXU6SDUDGHQQD
KDQGERNSnHQVlNHUSODWVI|UIUDPWLGDUHIHUHQV2PGXVlOMHUHOOHUJHUERUWGHQQD
HQKHWWLOOQnJRQDQQDQSHUVRQlUGHWDY\WWHUVWDYLNWDWWGXRFNVnOlPQDU|YHUGHQQD
KDQGERN
Microsoft
®
 och Windows
®
 är registrerade varumärken som tillhör Microsoft Corporation. 
Alla övriga varumärken tillhör dess respektive ägare.

--- Page 245 ---
Innehållsförteckning    
1
 
Innehållsförteckning 
Innehållsförteckning................................................. 1
 
1.
 
Snabbstart på fem minuter ................................. 3
 
1.1
 
Kontakter och portar ............................................................. 3
 
1.2
 
Inkoppling och igångkörning................................................. 5
 
Anslutning av ström och bildskärm....................................... 5
 
Anslutning av mus och tangentbord ..................................... 6
 
1.3  Starta Windows första gången............................................... 7
 
2.
 
Avancerad konfiguration och hantering ............. 8
 
2.1
 
Bildskärmskort ...................................................................... 8
 
Konfiguration av din bildskärm och ditt bildskärmskort ........ 8
 
Visa bilden på en TV............................................................. 9
 
2.2  Kortläsare............................................................................... 12
 
Sätta i ett minneskort............................................................ 12
 
Överföring och lagring av data på datorn ............................. 12
 
Säker borttagning av ett minneskort..................................... 13
 
2.3  Modem, Internet och nätverk ................................................. 14
 
Anslutning av modemet ........................................................ 14
 
Konfigurera fjärranslutningen................................................ 15
 
Konfigurera nätverket............................................................ 20
 
WLAN – konfigurera ett trådlöst nätverk............................... 24
 
WEP – Säkerhet och trådlösa nätverk.................................. 28
 
WLAN-anslutningar – aktivera dem bara när de behövs...... 30
 
2.4
 
Ansluta USB- och FireWire-enheter ..................................... 31
 
USB-enheter ......................................................................... 31
 
FireWire-enheter................................................................... 32
 
3.
 
Felsökning, första hjälpen och vanliga frågor  
och svar (FAQ) ..................................................... 34
 
3.1  Felsökning.............................................................................. 34
 
3.2  Vanliga frågor och svar (FAQ) ................................................ 37
 
3.3
 
Om allting har kraschat – systemåterställning...................... 38
 
Skapa återställningspunkter ................................................. 39

--- Page 246 ---
2
     Innehållsförteckning 
 
Återställning av ditt system med hjälp av  
återställningspunkter............................................................. 40
 
3.4
 
Återställning av systemet med hjälp av 
systemåterställningsprogrammet.......................................... 43
 
Aktivering, registrering och serienummer ............... 48
 
Säkerhet.................................................................... 50
 
EMC och säkerhetsregler ..................................................... 50
 
Meddelande till användaren.................................................. 50
 
Avsedd användning............................................................... 50
 
Driftsmiljö .............................................................................. 51
 
Batterier och laddningsbara batterier ................................... 52
 
Laser (säkerhetsvarning) ...................................................... 52
 
Viktiga säkerhetsinstruktioner............................................... 53
 
Ytterligare säkerhetsanvisningar för enheter med  
trådlöst LAN .......................................................................... 54
 
CE-märkning av enheter med trådlöst LAN.......................... 55
 
Begränsningar....................................................................... 55
 
RF-frekvenser för trådlösa LAN-enheter............................... 56
 
Bestämmelser – Ansvarsfrihet.............................................. 57
 
Kassering av gamla enheter ................................................. 57
 
Överensstämmelse ............................................................... 57
 
Ordlista...................................................................... 58
 
Sakregister................................................................ 60
 
 
 
Varning! 
De medföljande cd-skivorna med komponentdrivrutiner är eventuellt inte av 
senaste version. Du hittar de senaste godkända drivrutinerna på EasyInstall-
CD/DVD-skivan heller på vår webbsida 
www.service.targa.co.uk
.

--- Page 247 ---
Snabbstart på fem minuter     
3
 
 
100 
1.  Snabbstart på fem minuter 
1.1  Kontakter och portar 
 
1  Bildskärm 
2  Quick Media-knapp 
3  Strömbrytare 
4  DVD-ROM-enhet 
5  Utmatningsknapp DVD-ROM 
6  DVD-/CD-brännare 
7  Utmatningsknapp DVD-/CD-brännare 
8  Frontöppning för 5 1/4" enhetsfack 
9  Frontkåpa (kortläsare och anslutningsportar) 
10  Ventilationshål 
 
 
 
 
1  SD, SD-Mini, MMC, RS-MMC 
2  Plats för CompactFlash/Microdrive 
3  Plats för Smart Media/xD 
4  Plats för Memory Stick/Pro 
5  S-Videoingång 
6  Kompositvideoingång 
7  Linjeingång för ljud (endast AV) 
8  Mikrofoningång 
9  Linjeutgång för ljud 
10  eSATA-gränssnitt 
11  FireWire-port (4-stifts, 6-stifts) 
12  USB-portar (4x)

--- Page 248 ---
4
    Inkoppling och igångkörning
 
 
 
 
 
 
1  Strömanslutning 
2  Strömbrytare 
3  Säkerhetsförsegling 
4  Produktbeteckning och serienummer 
5  Scart (Euro AV)-kontakt 
6  PS/2-kontakter 
7  SPDIF digital ut-/inmatning (koaxial) 
8  Parallellt gränssnitt 
9  eSATA-gränssnitt 
10  SPDIF digital ut-/inmatning (optisk) 
11  USB-portar (4x) 
12  FireWire-port (6-stifts) 
13  Nätverks-/LAN-/Ethernetanslutning 
14  Mitt-/subwooferkontakt 
15  Anslutning för sidohögtalare 
16  Anslutning för bakre högtalare 
17  Mikrofonanslutning 
18  Linjeutgång för ljud/anslutning för främre 
högtalare (anslutning för stereohögtalare) 
19  Linjeingång för ljud 
20  Låsning av höljet 
21  Kontakt för DVI/-I digital bildskärm 
22  Kontakt för analog VGA-skärm 
23  S-Videoutgång 
24  Seriellt gränssnitt 
25  Signalingång för TV – DVB-S 
26  Signalingång för TV – digital, analog, DVB-T 
27  Ingång för antenn (FM radio) 
28  Kontakt för RJ11-modem

--- Page 249 ---
Snabbstart på fem minuter     
5
 
 
1.2 Inkoppling och igångkörning 
Anslutning av ström och bildskärm 
1.
 Anslut datorn till vägguttaget 
genom att sätta in den medföljande 
nätkabeln i eluttaget. 
2.
 Sätt på huvudströmbrytaren på 
datorns baksida genom att trycka på 
"I". Du kan hädanefter alltid lämna 
huvudströmbrytaren på och slå på 
och av datorn med hjälp av 
strömbrytaren som finns på datorns 
framsida. 
3.
 Anslut kabeln (VGA-
bildskärmskabel) till motsvarande port 
på din dator. Du kan ansluta till denna 
port när du använder en modern platt 
bildskärm som har en DVI-port. Detta 
ger bättre signalkvalitet. Tvinga inte de 
mekaniska delarna och dra bara åt 
skruvarna med handen. 
4.
 Anslut bildskärmen till ett eluttag och 
koppla på den.

--- Page 250 ---
6
    Inkoppling och igångkörning
 
 
 
Anslutning av mus och tangentbord 
1.
 Först av allt måste batterierna eller 
de laddningsbara batterierna sättas in i 
tangentbord och mus. Öppna facket på 
musens undersida och sätt in 
batterierna. Observera märkningen för 
korrekt polaritet. 
2.
 Öppna sedan batterifacket på 
tangentbordets undersida och sätt in 
batterierna i enlighet med 
markeringarna. 
3.
 Anslut den trådlösa mottagaren i en 
USB-port på datorn. Du kan använda 
valfri USB-port för detta, exempelvis en 
av dem på apparatens baksida. 
4.
 Enheterna har nu synkroniserats. Starta din dator. Tryck på konfigurationsknap-
pen på den trådlösa mottagaren så att den söker efter nya enheter. Nu ska du 
trycka på ID-knappen på tangentbordets undersida och inom 15 sekunder därefter 
också på musens undersida. 
Obs!
 Musens USB-kabel är till för laddning av musens laddningsbara batterier!

--- Page 251 ---
Snabbstart på fem minuter     
7
 
 
1.3  Starta Windows första gången 
Först måste du starta enheten genom att trycka på huvudströmbrytaren. Windows 
startas automatiskt och du kommer att se skrivbordet. Här kan du börja arbeta 
direkt. Men när du använder din dator för första gången kan startproceduren se 
annorlunda ut. Innan du använder din dator för första gången måste Windows 
konfigureras och anpassas efter dina arbetsvanor.  
1.
 Detta förfarande är väldigt enkelt och kan slutföras på några minuter. En inställ-
ningshjälp visas automatiskt och guidar dig genom de olika stegen i första inställ-
ningen. Följ instruktionerna på skärmen för att slutföra alla steg. 
2.
 Dessa inställningar sparas slutligen automatiskt och finns tillgängliga för framtida 
användning. Du behöver därför bara utföra detta förfarande en gång under den 
första inställningen. 
3.
 När du slutfört den första inställningen måste du starta om datorn. De flesta 
drivrutiner och komponenter är fortfarande i ett slags "sovande tillstånd". Efter detta 
aktiveras alla maskinvarukomponenter och Windows kommer att ladda om sin 
konfiguration. 
4.
 För att göra detta klickar du på 
Start/Stäng av datorn
 längst ned till vänster. Ett 
nytt fönster visas som med tre alternativ. Klicka på 
Starta om
. Windows stängs och 
startar om efter några sekunder. Därefter laddas Windows skrivbord och du kan 
börja använda datorn. 
 
Optimera skärmvisningen
 
Efter att du startat och ställt in Windows för första gången använder skärmbil-
den standardinställningar. Det kan hända att bildvisningen inte är optimal och 
att grafikadaptern inte arbetar med högsta kvalitet. Detta är inget fel och går att 
lösa genom att ändra konfigurationen. Om så är fallet läser du på sidan 7 om 
hur du optimerar skärmbildens kvalitet.

--- Page 252 ---
8
    Avancerad konfiguration och hantering
 
 
 
2.  Avancerad konfiguration och 
hantering 
2.1  Bildskärmskort 
Konfiguration av din bildskärm och ditt bildskärmskort 
 
Kommentar om illustrationer 
De figurer som visas för konfigurationen här är endast exempel. Eventuella 
funktioner, menyer och utseenden kan skilja sig åt från maskinvara till maskin-
vara och från drivrutin till drivrutin. Det grundläggande tillvägagångssättet är 
dock det samma. 
 
1.
 Öppna först skärmen för bildskärmskonfiguration. Klicka på 
Start/Kontrollpanelen
 för att öppna kontrollpanelen och öppna konfigurationen 
genom att klicka på ikonen 
Bildskärm
. 
2.
 I fönstret 
Egenskaper 
för bildskärm
 väljer du 
fliken 
Inställningar
. Längst 
ned hittar du inställningen 
Skärmupplösning
. Du kan 
ta tag i skjutreglaget med 
musen och flytta det till 
vänster eller höger för att 
öka eller minska 
upplösningen. 
3.
 Bredvid finns 
alternativet 
Färgkvalitet
 
där du kan justera 
färgdjupet. Inställningen 
Mellan (16 bitar)
 ger dig 
näst intill fotokvalitet för din 
bildskärm. Denna 
inställning är optimal för ditt 
dagliga arbete och för de flesta bildredigeringsprogram. Alternativet 
Högst (32 
bitar)
 kallas även ”High Color”. Denna inställning ger ännu fler färger men kan även 
reducera systemprestandan.

--- Page 253 ---
Avancerad konfiguration och hantering     
9
 
 
4.
 Klicka sedan på 
Avancerat
 för att öppna ett 
nytt fönster. Klicka på fliken 
Bildskärm
 högst upp. Här 
kan du ställa in 
Uppdateringsfrekvens
. 
Välj ett så högt värde som 
möjligt för att erhålla en 
flimmerfri bildskärmsvisning 
och en behaglig bild. Minst 
70 Hz till 85 Hz 
rekommenderas. 
5.
 När du är klar med alla 
inställningar klickar du på 
OK
 för att bekräfta. 
Windows växlar till den nya 
konfigurationen för att testa. 
Om du är nöjd med de nya 
inställningarna klickar du på 
Ja
 för att behålla dem. Om du inte är nöjd kommer 
Windows att växla tillbaka automatiskt till originalinställningarna efter 15 sekunder. 
Du kan då ändra inställningarna och försöka igen. 
Visa bilden på en TV 
När du tar emot en TV-station eller tittar på en DVD-film behöver du inte använda 
din datorskärm. Din dator har även en TV-utgång för anslutning till en vanlig TV-
apparat eller videoprojektor. Detta innebär att du kan njuta av din hemmabio i 16:9 
storformat på TV eller med projektor. 
De flesta TV-apparater och projektorer använder vanliga videokablar (gul euro-
cinch) eller S-Video-anslutningar. Du kan använda någon av dessa kablar och du 
kan använda en adapter för att ansluta dem till ditt bildskärmskort. Bildkvaliteten blir 
dock bättre när du använder en S-Video-kabel. Du märker framförallt skillnaden när 
du använder högkvalitativa videokällor som DVD-filmer. 
1.
 Anslut först videokabeln till TV-utgången på ditt bildskärmskort. Använd någon 
av de ovannämnda kabeltyperna (euro-cinch eller S-Video). Kabeltypen är beroen-
de av anslutningarna för signalingång på din TV-apparat. Du kan eventuellt behöva 
en adapter (tillval) för att få det att passa beroende på den anslutningstyp du an-
vänder. Anslut därefter kabeln till TV-apparaten eller projektorn.

--- Page 254 ---
10
    Avancerad konfiguration och hantering
 
 
 
 
TV-utmatning via S-Videoport 
(höger).
 
 
2.
 TV-utgången på bildskärmskortet tillhandahåller alltid en passande signal för alla 
typer av TV-apparater. Du kan dock optimera denna signal för bättre kvalitet. 
Framför allt vid användning av en professionell projektor kan det vara användbart 
att kunna ändra upplösning, uppdateringsfrekvens och interlaced/icke-interlaced 
signal. 
Om du vill ändra denna inställning går du till 
Start/Kontrollpanelen
. Fönstret för 
Kontrollpanelen öppnas. Här hittar du ikonen 
Bildskärm
. Dubbelklicka på den för 
att öppna den. Fönstret 
Egenskaper för bildskärm
 öppnas. Klicka på fliken 
In-
ställningar
. Öppna konfigurationen genom att klicka på knappen 
Avancerat
. 
3.
 Ett nytt fönster öppnas. Klicka på fliken 
GeForce
. Här kan du välja mellan olika 
utgångsenheter som t ex en datorskärm, projektor, TV eller platt bildskärm. 
 
 
Kommentar ... 
När du har anslutit datorn till TV-apparaten måste du sätta på TV:n och konfigu-
rera den så att den tar emot videosignalen. Detta innebär att du väljer "Video", 
"AV" eller någon liknande ingångskälla på din TV. I vissa fall måste datorn star-
tas om för att bildskärmskortet ska upptäcka den nya anslutningen och tillhan-
dahålla en lämplig signal automatiskt. Om de ikoner som beskrivs för din TV-
apparat inte finns tillgängliga eller är gråmarkerade måste du kontrollera kabel-
anslutningen eller starta om datorn. 
 
 
Skillnaden mellan en projektor och en TV-apparat är att projektorn använder en S-
video- eller RGB-signal som standard, medan en TV-apparat använder normal VHS 
(komposit)-signal.

--- Page 255 ---
Avancerad konfiguration och hantering     
11
 
 
Du kan enkelt klicka på 
önskad enhet med musen 
och göra den till "Primär 
bildskärm". Denna enhet 
kommer därefter att 
användas för bildvisningen 
och videosignalen kommer 
att optimeras för den 
enheten. Du kan ändra 
inställningarna för den 
aktiverade enheten i menyn 
på vänster sida. Beroende 
på funktionerna i din TV-
apparat eller projektor kan 
du optimera videoutgången 
ytterligare. 
 
 
Problem vid användning av kopieringsskyddade DVD-skivor 
Den nya upphovsrättslagstiftningen tillåter inte någon kopiering av några skyd-
dade musik-CD eller film-DVD, inte ens för privat bruk! Alla typer av videosigna-
ler till en extern enhet som t.ex. en TV-apparat möjliggör samtidig kopiering av 
en film till en videobandspelare. Det är därför möjligt att skyddade DVD-filmer 
(t.ex. från Macrovision osv.) även blockerar bildskärmskortets videoutgång för 
att förhindra eventuell kopiering av en film genom det. Du kan dock fortfarande 
se filmen på din TV-apparat. Vissa skydd är så kraftiga att det bara är möjligt att 
titta på en film med störningar eller så går det inte alls. Detta beror inte på något 
fel på din dator utan på ett kopieringsskydd från tillverkaren.

--- Page 256 ---
12
    Avancerad konfiguration och hantering
 
 
 
2.2  Kortläsare 
Sätta i ett minneskort 
Bakom frontkåpan på din dator hittar 
du minneskortsläsaren. Tryck på den 
övre delen av kåpans mekanism för att 
öppna frontpanelen. Här finns flera fack 
för olika typer av minneskort. 
Utseendet och placeringen av de olika 
kortfacken kan skilja sig åt från modell 
till modell. Du kan (beroende på 
kortläsarmodell) använda följande typer 
av minneskort: 
• 
Compact Flash, Microdrive – 
Compact Flash-kort finns 
tillgängliga som Typ I och Typ II 
(CF I, CF II). Vanliga flash-
minneskort är normalt Typ I-kort. Övrig lagringsmedia som t.ex. IBM 
Microdrive
 
följer specifikationerna för Typ II. De är aningen tjockare och större. 
• 
SmartMedia, SD-kort, Memory Stick - Andra typiska minneskort omfattar 
SmartMedia och SD-kort samt Sony Memory Stick. Den kompakta och robusta 
utformningen gör dem till en idealisk partner för digitalkameror, MP3-spelare 
eller mobiltelefoner. 
Tack vare den distinkta utformningen av kortläsaren, facken och själva korten, 
kommer du troligtvis inte att blanda ihop de olika typerna när du sätter i dem. Rent 
fysiskt passar de bara i det rätta facket. 
 
Observera 
Tyvärr respekterar inte alla minneskortstillverkare samtliga fastlagda specifika-
tioner. Fullständig kompatibilitet med alla kort kan därför inte garanteras på 
grund av det stora antal tillverkare som finns. 
 
Överföring och lagring av data på datorn 
Windows hanterar inte kortläsare som någon specifik enhet utan bara som en 
normal diskenhet. Detta innebär att du inte behöver installera eller konfigurera 
några drivrutiner eller behöver några speciella program för att nå dem.

--- Page 257 ---
Avancerad konfiguration och hantering     
13
 
 
1.
 Så fort ett nyinsatt kort har upptäckts visas ett nytt fönster som erbjuder flera 
automatiska funktioner. Du kan välja ett av dessa standardmoment eller kopiera 
dina data manuellt. Om du vill kopiera data manuellt stänger du fönstret genom att 
klicka på 
Avbryt
. 
2.
 Öppna Utforskaren från Start-menyn. I rutan till vänster i Utforskaren under 
ikonen 
Den här datorn
 bredvid hårddisken och CD-ROM- eller DVD-ROM-enheten 
hittar du även poster med beteckningen 
Flyttbar disk
. Dessa enheter är kopplade 
till facken i kortläsaren. 
3.
 Du kan nå de insatta minneskorten på samma sätt som med andra CD-ROM- 
eller hårddiskenheter. Markera de önskade filerna och kopiera dem till din lokala 
hårddisk. Kopiering, flytt eller borttagning av filer går till på samma sätt som när du 
utför dessa procedurer på vanliga diskenheter. 
 
Säker borttagning av ett minneskort 
Kortläsarens USB-drivrutin stödjer utbyte vid drift. Detta innebär att du kan sätta i 
och ta ut eventuella minneskort när datorn är igång. Det finns dock en möjlighet att 
ett kopieringsmoment inte är helt avklarat eller att det fortfarande finns filer i

--- Page 258 ---
14
    Avancerad konfiguration och hantering
 
 
 
cacheminnet. Detta kan ibland leda till dataförluster eller skadade media. För att ta 
ut minneskorten på ett säkert sätt utan risk för datorn ska du göra enligt följande: 
1.
 Växla till Utforskaren. Om den inte är öppen kör du den via Start-menyn. 
2.
 Välj den enhet med flyttbar media som du vill ta bort i rutan till vänster i fönstret. 
Klicka en gång med höger musknapp. En snabbmeny visas. Välj kommandot 
Mata 
ut
. 
3.
 Windows kommer nu att avsluta all åtkomst till enheten och du kan ta ut den 
utan någon risk. 
2.3  Modem, Internet och nätverk 
Anslutning av modemet 
Innan du kan använda det interna modemet måste du upprätta en kabelanslutning. 
Modem använder vanliga telefonledningar för Internetanslutningen. Allt du behöver 
är ett vanligt telefonuttag i vägen och en modemkabel. Kabeln följde med din dator 
och kan installeras direkt. 
1.
 Packa upp modemkabeln. 
2.
 Anslut pluggen i den ena änden av kabeln till respektive uttag på datorns baksi-
da. Uttaget hittar du på den nedre delen av datorhöljet. Pluggen har ett litet lås som 
är aningen utåtböjt från pluggen. Detta lås måste riktas in med motsvarande spår i 
uttaget. När datorn står upp är detta lås riktat nedåt. Kabeln klickar i läge. Om du vill 
ta ut pluggen trycker du försiktigt på låset för att lösgöra den. Du kan sedan ta loss 
kabeln. 
3.
 Den andra änden av kabeln ska sättas in i telefonuttaget i väggen. I vissa länder 
behöver du eventuellt en adapter för att ansluta modemet. I ett sådant fall ansluter 
du först modemkabeln till den medföljande adaptern och sedan ansluter du den till 
telefonuttaget i väggen. För försiktigt in modemkabeln genom att trycka lite lätt. Om 
pluggen inte passar har du troligtvis använt fel uttag eller så passar inte uttaget för 
pluggen. 
4.
 När du har anslutit kabeln till både datorn och telefonuttaget i väggen är du klar 
med den fysiska installationen av modemet. Nu kan du konfigurera modemet i 
datorn. Din dator erbjuder Internetåtkomst via Windows Fjärranslutning till din 
Internetleverantör. Följande avsnitt ger en detaljerad förklaring hur detta fungerar.

--- Page 259 ---
Avancerad konfiguration och hantering     
15
 
 
Konfigurera fjärranslutningen 
Innan du kan navigera på Internet i Windows måste du anpassa en ny 
fjärranslutning. En guide hjälper dig igenom denna process med stegvisa 
instruktioner. Se till att ha informationen från din Internetleverantör tillgänglig. 
Numret till Internetleverantören är ganska långt. Du fick uppkopplingsinformationen 
från din Internetleverantör när du tecknade abonnemanget. Du kan givetvis även 
använda fjärranslutningen för åtkomst varje gång du ringer upp. Detta spelar ingen 
roll rent tekniskt. När du har all nödvändig information tillgänglig kan du börja 
konfigurera fjärranslutningen. 
1.
 Börja med att starta guiden Ny anslutning. För att göra detta klickar du på 
Start/Alla program/Tillbehör/Kommunikation/Guiden Ny anslutning
. 
 
2.
 Windows frågar efter information om var du befinner dig. Välj land under 
land/region
. Där under måste du skriva in ditt riktnummer. Det är viktigt för Win-
dows att veta om prefixet ska slås eller ej vid upprättandet av en anslutning. 
Om modemet är anslutet till en växel skriver du in prefixet för att komma till en 
extern linje i respektive fält. Detta är normalt en nolla (0). Men detta är inte nödvän-
digt för privata telefonlinjer utan en växel!

--- Page 260 ---
16
    Avancerad konfiguration och hantering
 
 
 
Slutligen ska du ange 
uppringningssystem. De 
flesta länder använder 
tonval som skickar små 
ljudsignaler när du slår 
numret. Alternativt kan du 
använda pulsval där 
pulsmarkeringarna kan 
höras. Om du är osäker på 
vilket uppringningssystem 
som gäller för din 
telefonlinje ska du kontakta 
telefonbolaget innan du 
använder modemet. Klicka 
på 
OK
 för att slutföra detta 
steg. Windows frågar dig 
slutligen om du vill etablera 
en ny anslutning från denna 
plats. Klicka på 
OK 
igen för 
att bekräfta ditt val. 
3.
 Det första fönstret i Guiden Ny anslutning innehåller information som du kan 
hoppa över genom att klicka på 
Nästa
. Nästa fönster frågar dig om anslutningstyp. 
Välj det första alternativet 
Anslut till Internet
 och klicka på 
Nästa
 för att fortsätta.

--- Page 261 ---
Avancerad konfiguration och hantering     
17
 
 
 
4.
 Nu kan du anpassa anslutningen automatiskt antingen från en lista eller manu-
ellt. Vi rekommenderar att du väljer alternativet 
Installera min anslutning manu-
ellt
. Detta går snabbare och är väldigt enkelt.

--- Page 262 ---
18
    Avancerad konfiguration och hantering
 
 
 
5.
 Därefter frågar Windows 
dig om vilken enhet du 
använder för att ansluta till 
Internet. Välj det första 
alternativet 
Anslut med 
modem
. Detta alternativ är 
lämpligt för alla modem och 
ISDN-kort. Guiden 
upptäcker det interna 
modemet automatiskt. Om 
du har mer än ett modem 
installerat visas ytterligare 
ett fönster som uppmanar 
dig att välja det modem 
som du vill använda för den 
här anslutningen. I så fall 
väljer du önskad enhet från 
listan. Om du inte har 
ytterligare enheter 
installerade så visas inte denna fråga. 
6.
 Skriv in namnet för den nya anslutningen. Detta har ingen teknisk betydelse: 
namnet är bara för personligt bruk för att skilja det från andra anslutningar som du 
kanske installerar i framtiden. Namnet på leverantören kan vara ett bra val.

--- Page 263 ---
Avancerad konfiguration och hantering     
19
 
 
 
Skriv nu in telefonnumret till leverantören och riktnumret. Du bör ha erhållit detta när 
du tecknade abonnemanget. Leverantörer av tjänster för enstaka uppringning 
brukar publicera åtkomstnumren i tidningar eller så kan du kontakta deras hotline för 
att få reda på numret. Följande information är bara ett prov och fungerar inte för 
riktiga Internetanslutningar. 
7.
 Ange slutligen dina användarspecifika uppgifter för denna anslutning. Skriv in ditt 
Användarnamn
 och kopplade 
Lösenord
 i respektive fält. Du måste skriva in 
lösenordet två gånger för att verifiera det.  
Under kan du ange om andra användare av denna dator tillåts använda samma 
anslutning. Om en annan familjemedlem loggar in vid ett senare tillfälle kan hon 
eller han använda ditt konto för att upprätta en Internetanslutning. Windows fråga 
dig även om du vill att detta ska vara din standard Internetanslutning. Om du 
markera denna ruta kommer Windows att använda denna anslutning automatiskt för 
alla framtida försök att hämta e-post eller navigera på Internet.

--- Page 264 ---
20
    Avancerad konfiguration och hantering
 
 
 
Till sist kan du aktivera 
Windows interna 
brandvägg. Vi 
rekommenderar dig starkt 
att göra detta. En 
brandvägg är ett filter som 
blockerar attacker från 
externa användare mot din 
dator. Du ska inte vara utan 
detta skydd. 
 
 
8.
 Nu är din 
Internetåtkomst nästan 
färdigkonfigurerad. Det 
sista fönstret visar en 
översikt över alla 
inställningar. Om du vill kan du skapa en genväg på ditt skrivbord för denna 
anslutning. Därigenom slipper du navigera igenom Windows olika menyer för att 
komma ut på Internet – du kan öppna din Internetanslutning genom att dubbelklicka 
på genvägsikonen. Du har nu konfigurerat färdigt din Internetanslutning utan 
problem. Om du skapade en genväg på ditt skrivbord under det sista steget är detta 
den snabbaste vägen att öppna Internetanslutningen. 
Högerklicka på ikonen för 
att öppna en snabbmeny. 
Här har du möjlighet att 
redigera konfigurationen 
eller upprätta anslutningen. 
Eller dubbelklicka på ikonen 
för att direkt komma ut på 
Internet. 
 
Konfigurera 
nätverket 
Det enklaste sättet att konfigurera en nätverksanslutning i Windows är genom att 
använda respektive guide. Detta tillvägagångssätt går snabbt men du kan inte

--- Page 265 ---
Avancerad konfiguration och hantering     
21
 
 
redigera de förtilldelade adresserna och informationen. Det är dock inte ett problem 
när du bara ska koppla samman två eller tre datorer. 
 
Sammankoppling av två datorer direkt 
När du skapar ett stort nätverk med många datorer krävs normalt en stor mängd 
maskinvara. Men om du bara tänker koppla samman två datorer behöver du 
endast en så kallad korskopplad kabel. Anslut helt enkelt denna kabel till 
nätverksporten på båda datorerna. På grund av kabelns speciella 
signalöverföring kopplar den ihop de två datorerna utan behov av en hubb. 
Detta går dock endast med denna speciella typ av kabel. Normala 
nätverkskablar är inte lämpliga för detta syfte på grund av deras annorlunda 
stifttilldelning. 
Konfigurationen kommer att vara den samma i båda fallen. Det spelar ingen roll 
om du anpassar ett ”riktigt” nätverk eller använder en korskopplade kabel. Den-
na kabel gör att de båda datorerna ser ett riktigt nätverk. 
 
 
Din dator har redan ett nätverkskort. För att kunna installera ett nätverk måste alla 
andra datorer också ha ett nätverkskort. Du måste kanske även koppla in alla 
datorerna till en hubb. Hubben är en slags distributionslåda som gör det möjligt för 
datorerna att hitta och kommunicera med varandra.  
1.
 Först måste du starta guiden. För att göra det klickar du på 
Start/Kontrollpanelen
. Här hittar du ikonen 
Nätverksanslutningar
. Välj den 
genom att klicka på den. I rutan till vänster klickar du på alternativet 
Konfigurera 
ett hemnätverk eller ett litet kontorsnätverk
.

--- Page 266 ---
22
    Avancerad konfiguration och hantering
 
 
 
 
 
2.
 Guiden konfigurera 
nätverk öppnas. I det första 
fönstret klickar du på 
Nästa
 
för att fortsätta. Det andra 
fönstret ger dig lite 
grundläggande information 
och kan hoppas över. 
Nästa fönster frågar dig om 
datortyp. De första två 
alternativen gäller enbart 
Internetåtkomsten. Du 
behöver dessa två 
alternativ om du vill dela 
Internetåtkomsten över ett 
nätverk eller om denna 
dator ska använda en 
annan dators 
Internetåtkomst. 
Vi kommer dock inte att behandla Internetåtkomstinstallationen i detta läge. Du ska 
bara dela Internetåtkomsten efter att ditt nätverk har konfigurerats utan problem. 
Välj därför det sista alternativet 
Annat
.

--- Page 267 ---
Avancerad konfiguration och hantering     
23
 
 
3.
 Nästa fönster frågar dig om ytterligare information om Internetåtkomsten. Välj 
Den här datorn tillhör ett nätverk som inte har någon Internetanslutning
. 
Klicka på knappen 
Nästa
. 
4.
 Därefter måste du skriva 
in ett namn för din dator i 
fältet 
Datornamn
. Du kan 
skriva in vilket namn som 
helst. Namnet får dock 
bestå av maximalt 15 
tecken. Det får inte heller 
innehålla några mellanslag 
eller specialtecken. I fältet 
Datorbeskrivning
 kan du 
skriva in en textkommentar 
om denna dator. 
Därigenom kan du bättre 
skilja mellan de olika 
arbetsstationerna.  
5.
 Nästa fönster frågar dig 
om namnet på en 
arbetsgrupp. Windows ger 
dig möjligheten att gruppera 
flera datorer i en så kallad 
arbetsgrupp. I ett stort 
företag kan dessa 
representera olika 
avdelningar. Det är viktigt 
att alla datorer tillhör en 
arbetsgrupp. Annars kan de 
inte hitta varandra och du 
måste konfigurera en extra 
resurs. Det är bäst att inte 
göra detta. 
Aktuell Windows-version 
använder 
MSHOME
 
som 
förinställt namn för 
arbetsgrupp. Om du har andra datorer med Windows 98 eller ME måste du vara 
uppmärksam här. Här är standardnamnet för arbetsgrupp 
WORKGROUP
. Du 
måste därför använda samma namn för alla datorer.

--- Page 268 ---
24
    Avancerad konfiguration och hantering
 
 
 
 
6.
 Nästa fönster visar en lista med en översikt över all information som du har 
skrivit in. Om all information är korrekt klickar du på 
Nästa
 för att fortsätta. Windows 
kommer nu att konfigurera ditt lokala nätverk. Denna process kan ta en stund.  
7.
 Guiden kommer även 
att ge dig möjligheten att 
skapa en 
installationsdiskett för andra 
datorer.  
Om dessa datorer också 
kör en uppdatering av 
Windows behöver du inte 
göra detta. Då kan du 
utföra samma steg som 
beskrivs ovan. Denna 
funktion är bara användbar 
om de andra datorerna 
använder Windows 98 eller 
ME. 
Om du vill göra detta sätter 
du i en tom diskett i 
diskettenheten och låter guiden kopiera nödvändiga filer. Du kommer sedan att 
behöva sätta i disketten i de andra datorerna, öppna enhet A: i Utforskaren och 
dubbelklicka på programmet Setup.exe. Guiden startas och proceduren som följer 
är identisk. 
WLAN ---- konfigurera ett trådlöst nätverk 
Nu för tiden kan du inte bara koppla ihop datorer utan även alla andra typer av 
enheter som till exempel mobiltelefoner, notebook-datorer, handdatorer, osv. 
Tidigare användes bara trådbundna nätverk med hubbar men den trådlösa 
utvecklingen går snabbt. En av de intressantaste teknologierna är WLAN. Det 
betyder "trådlöst nätverk" och betecknar sammankopplingen av olika datorer och 
enheter utan behov av några ledningar (kablar). Överföringen görs med 
radiofrekvens. Denna teknologi erbjuder helt nya möjligheter som att du kan komma 
åt data lagrad på din bordsdator samtidigt som du sitter i trädgården och arbetar 
med din notebook-dator – utan några kablar.

--- Page 269 ---
Avancerad konfiguration och hantering     
25
 
 
 
Kommentar om modellspecifik konfiguration … 
Vissa modeller har inte det beskrivna trådlösa nätverkskortet som standard. 
Denna funktion kan dock installeras som tillval. 
 
Det finns WLAN-kort för många enheter. Fördelen är att IEEE 802.11-standarden är 
väletablerad för hemmatillämpningar. Detta betyder att i princip alla WLAN-enheter 
kan kommunicera med alla andra enheter som stödjer standarden. Enheterna 
kommunicerar via enkla radiofrekvenssignaler så kommunikationen är i praktiken 
oberoende av tillverkare och programvaran som används. 
Många Targa-datorer är redan i standardutförandet utrustade med ett internt 
WLAN-kort enligt IEEE 80.211-standarden och är därför anpassade för trådlös 
kommunikation. Se databladet som visar de tekniska specifikationerna för att se om 
din specifika modell redan stödjer denna funktion. För att kunna använda WLAN 
behöver du även en annan dator som svarar på dina radiofrekvenssignaler. Detta 
bör dock inte innebära något reellt problem. Om du har en annan dator eller en 
notebook-dator kan du installera ett WLAN-kort och konfigurera en trådlös anslut-
ning med bara några få musklick. 
Om du bara behöver koppla samman två datorer är tillvägagångssättet mycket 
snabbt och enkelt via en så kallad dator-till-datoranslutning. Du kan upprätta denna 
typ av dataanslutning på bara några få minuter. Rent teoretiskt kan du även ansluta 
fler än två datorer med hjälp av dator-till-datorläget. Detta läge är dock inte utformat 
för denna typ av tillämpning och kommer att ha svårigheter med att hantera stora 
datavolymer och komplexa nätverksarkitekturer. Vid anslutning av flera WLAN-
datorer i ett nätverk rekommenderas en så kallad åtkomstplats eller WLAN-router. 
Dessa enheter representerar en gemensam knytpunkt eller distributionsbox i 
nätverket och hanterar trafiken. En åtkomstplats eller en WLAN-router fungerar 
därför på samma sätt som en hubb eller router i ett trådbundet nätverk. Alla WLAN-
kort är vanligtvis kompatibla med dessa enheter. Du kan därmed integrera din dator 
utan några problem i ett befintligt trådlöst nätverk med åtkomstplats och/eller 
WLAN-router. 
Om du har en annan dator med ett WLAN-kort installerat är du redo för nätverks-
konfigurationen. Du måste ge respektive åtkomst- och nätverksinformation till din 
dator på ungefär samma sätt som i ett trådbundet nätverk. Detta är inte så kompli-
cerat och du kommer att kunna utföra det i bara några få steg.

--- Page 270 ---
26
    Avancerad konfiguration och hantering
 
 
 
1.
 Öppna fönstret 
Kontrollpanelen och välj 
ikonen 
Nätverksanslutningar
. Ett 
nytt fönster öppnas med 
alla anslutningar för denna 
dator. Om du har använt ett 
trådbundet nätverk tidigare 
visas respektive 
konfiguration här. 
Dessutom visas en 
nätverksikon med en 
antenn. Detta är för det 
trådlösa nätverket. 
Högerklicka på denna ikon. 
Välj 
Egenskaper
 i 
snabbmenyn som öppnas. 
2.
 Om du redan har 
konfigurerat dina datorer för användning i ett trådbundet nätverk behöver du bara 
göra några få saker för att aktivera ditt trådlösa nätverk. Om du inte håller på med 
att utöka ditt trådbundna nätverk utan konfigurerar ett WLAN från grunden måste du 
först konfigurera TCP/IP-protokollet. WLAN innebär inte en ny nätverksarkitektur 
utan ersätter helt enkelt bara dina kablar. IP-adress, datornamn, etc. krävs också.

--- Page 271 ---
Avancerad konfiguration och hantering     
27
 
 
3.
 Om du måste 
konfigurera TCP/IP-
protokollet öppnar du fliken 
Allmänt
. Här hittar du 
posten 
Internet Protocol
. 
Klicka på knappen 
Egenskaper
 för att öppna 
konfigurationsskärmen. För 
en direkt 
nätverksanslutning 
aktiverar du alternativet 
Erhåll en IP-adress 
automatiskt
. Om du vill 
använda en åtkomstplats 
eller en trådlös LAN-router 
för ditt nätverk kan du 
också använda detta 
alternativ så länge enheten 
stödjer funktionen för 
DHCP-server. Bakom detta finns en automatisk konfiguration av alla enheter som är 
anslutna till åtkomstplatsen eller routern. Klicka på 
OK
 för att återgå till föregående 
fönster. 
4.
 När du har slutfört TCP/IP-konfigurationen utan problem eller om detta redan 
fanns från det trådbundna nätverket kan du koncentrera dig på WLAN-
inställningarna. Klicka på fliken 
Trådlösa nätverk
. För enkel trådlös anslutning är 
det lättare att låta Windows göra allt arbete åt dig. 
För att göra detta aktiverar du 
alternativet Konfigurera trådlöst nätverk ... 
Det finns dessvärre ytterligare en 
åtgärd som du måste uträtta. Klicka därför på knappen 
Lägg till
. 
5.
 Ett fönster som visar nätverkskonfigurationen öppnas. Det är viktigt att först tilldela 
ett namn för ditt nätverk. För att göra detta skriver du in ett namn i fältet 
SSID
. Detta 
namn visas på alla datorer. Det är viktigt att alla datorer i ditt nätverk använder 
samma SSID. Detta identifierar ditt nätverk.  
Av säkerhetsskäl kan du kryptera data som överförs över det trådlösa nätverket. I 
det första testet kan du avaktivera denna funktion. När allt fungerar som det ska kan 
du aktivera krypteringen. Lämna alternativen 
Nätverksautentisering
 
och 
Data-
kryptering
 
omarkerade. 
Längst ned måste du aktivera alternativet för dator-till-datorläge. Detta instruerar 
Windows att inte söka efter en åtkomstplats, router eller liknande enhet. WLAN-
korten kommer därmed att kopplas samman sinsemellan.

--- Page 272 ---
28
    Avancerad konfiguration och hantering
 
 
 
 
6.
 När du kommer tillbaka till huvudfönstret hittar du ditt nya nätverk i listan. Klicka 
på 
OK
 för att stänga fönstret. Konfigurationen är nu slutförd utan några problem. Nu 
måste du upprepa samma steg för alla andra datorer i ditt WLAN. När alla datorerna 
har konfigurerats kommer Windows att upptäcka det trådlösa nätverket. Exemplet 
visar nätverksnamnet (SSID) i listan. Eftersom krypteringen avaktiverades i det 
första testet kommer Windows att ge dig råd om eventuella säkerhetsproblem. 
Acceptera detta meddelande för tillfället och klicka på 
Anslut
. 
Om du öppnar Utforskaren nu kommer du att hitta de andra datorerna i Mina 
nätverksplatser. Denna procedur är identisk med den som används i ett trådbundet 
nätverk. 
WEP ---- Säkerhet och trådlösa nätverk 
I standardkonfigurationen är trådlösa nätverk näst intill allmänt tillgängliga. Alla data 
överförs fritt genom luften och alla kan avlyssna dem och komma åt din dator. I det 
första funktionstestet är säkerhetsfunktionerna inte nödvändiga. Men när nätverket 
har konfigurerats och testats utan några problem rekommenderas du starkt att 
använda kryptering. Den enkla och effektiva krypteringsteknologi som används för 
hemmanätverk kallas WEP (
W
ired 
E
quivalent 
P
rivacy). När du använder WEP 
skapar du en hemlig nyckel som krypterar alla data. Detta förstärker säkerheten i 
ditt trådlösa nätverk.  
1.
 För att kunna använda WEP-kryptering måste du ha en nyckel. Alla data som 
överförs över nätverket kommer att kodas med hjälp av den formeln. På Internet

--- Page 273 ---
Avancerad konfiguration och hantering     
29
 
 
hittar du nyckelgeneratorer som kan hämtas gratis. De konverterar ett lösenord 
(t.ex. "abcdefghij") till en nyckel (t.ex. 0F9Bn7I9KKM). Men du kan enkelt skapa en 
sådan nyckel själv. Den består av en kombination av siffror och bokstäver utan 
några mellanslag där även specialtecken är tillåtna. 
Beakta dock att det finns olika nivåer för nycklar. Windows använder vanligtvis en 
104-bitars kryptering. Detta innebär att din nyckel blir 13 tecken lång. En modern 
128-bitars kryptering använder 26 tecken. Krypteringen måste vara densamma på 
alla datorerna. Om en av datorerna bara stödjer 64-bitar (10 tecken) måste du 
använda denna nyckellängd för alla de andra datorerna också.  
2.
 Om du har skapat en 
nyckel på egen hand eller 
använt en nyckelgenerator 
klickar du på 
Start/Kontrollpanelen
 för 
att öppna kontrollpanelen. 
Välj ikonen 
Nätverksanslutningar
. 
Markera din WLAN-
anslutning, högerklicka på 
den och välj kommandot 
Egenskaper
. 
Fönstret med 
nätverksegenskaperna 
visas. Klicka på fliken 
Trådlösa nätverk
. Välj ditt 
nätverk från listan och 
markera knappen 
Egenskaper
. 
3.
 Aktivera kryptering genom att markera alternativet 
Datakryptering/WEP
. Vi 
rekommenderar även att du aktiverar 
Nätverksautentisering
. Nästa steg definierar 
nätverksnyckeln.

--- Page 274 ---
30
    Avancerad konfiguration och hantering
 
 
 
Avaktivera alternativet 
Nyckeln delas ut 
automatiskt
. Skriv därefter 
in nyckeln i fältet 
Nätverksnyckel
. 
Konfigurationen är nu 
slutförd utan några 
problem. Klicka på 
OK
 för 
att bekräfta dina 
inställningar och aktivera 
krypteringen för den 
trådlösa anslutningen. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Upprepa proceduren ovan för alla datorerna i ditt trådlösa nätverk. Det är viktigt att 
du använder exakt samma nyckel på alla datorerna. Den minsta skillnaden kommer 
att leda till annorlunda kodning så att datorerna inte förstår varandra! Om du får ett 
felmeddelande om nyckelns längd så saknar en av datorerna stöd för längden på 
din nyckel. I detta fall måste du välja en kortare nyckel, t.ex. 104-bitar (13 tecken) i 
stället för 128-bitar (26 tecken). 
WLAN-anslutningar ---- aktivera dem bara när de behövs 
Du ska bara aktivera WLAN när du behöver använda det. Om du redan har ett 
trådbundet nätverk kommer du sällan att behöva ditt WLAN. I detta fall rekommen-
derar vi att du avaktiverar WLAN. Om du bara har en enda dator ska du definitivt 
avaktivera det. 
Om du däremot behöver en trådlös anslutning vid ett specifikt tillfälle kan du aktive-
ra det igen med bara några få musklick. 
1.
 Klicka på 
Start/Kontrollpanelen
. I fönstret Kontrollpanelen öppnar du ikonen 
Nätverksanslutningar
.

--- Page 275 ---
Avancerad konfiguration och hantering     
31
 
 
2.
 Ett nytt fönster öppnas och visar aktuella nätverksanslutningar. Välj din WLAN-
anslutning och högerklicka på den. En snabbmeny visas. Välj kommandot 
Inaktivera
. 
 
Ditt trådlösa kort kommer fortfarande att finnas 
tillgängligt men kommer inte att skicka eller ta emot 
några data nu. Om du vill använda WLAN vid ett 
senare tillfälle behöver du bara upprepa stegen 
ovan och välja 
Aktivera
 från menyn. 
2.4  Ansluta USB- och FireWire-enheter 
 
Kommentar om maskinvaruportar 
Portarna och kontakterna på din specifika Targa-datormodell kan vara annor-
lunda både när det gäller funktionalitet och utförande! 
 
USB-enheter 
USB-porten har blivit en standard för datorer och periferienheter. För att kunna 
erbjuda maximal dataöverföringshastighet har din dator en modern USB 2.0-port. 
Alla kompatibla enheter kommer att kommunicera mycket snabbare än vid

--- Page 276 ---
32
    Avancerad konfiguration och hantering
 
 
 
användning av den äldre USB 1.0- eller USB 1.1-standarden.  USB 2.0 är dock helt 
bakåtkompatibel med USB 1.0 och USB 1.1. Detta innebär att du fortfarande kan 
använda dina befintliga enheter som bara stödjer USB 1.1. Ingen speciell 
konfiguration krävs eftersom gränssnittet automatiskt identifierar anslutna enheter 
och automatiskt justerar till respektive standard. 
USB-porten stödjer både Plug & Play och byte under drift. Plug & Play innebär att 
datorn kommer att identifiera enheterna automatiskt och installera en universell 
drivrutin. I vissa fall när det gäller mycket speciella enheter som skrivare eller 
skannrar rekommenderar vi att du använder den drivrutin som tillhandahålls av 
tillverkaren. Denna drivrutin erbjuder vanligtvis en större funktionalitet eftersom den 
har specialutvecklats för denna specifika enhet. Byte under drift innebär att du kan 
ansluta nya enheter under tiden datorn är igång. Windows identifierar och ansluter 
till enheten direkt. Men alla enheter stödjer inte denna funktion. Om datorn 
uppmanar dig att starta om ska du göra detta. 
Nedan finns en lista med enheter som du kan ansluta till USB-porten: 
• 
externa diskenheter 
• 
digitala stillbildskameror 
• 
digitala videokameror 
• 
skrivare 
• 
skannrar 
• 
modem (analoga/DSL) 
• 
ISDN (externa kort, PBX-kort) 
• 
tangentbord och mus 
• 
och mycket mera 
FireWire-enheter 
Din dator har en FireWire-port beroende på modell och tillbehör. Många enheter 
betecknar även denna enhet som "IEEE 1394". FireWire erbjuder en mycket snabb 
dataöverföring och är framför allt lämpligt för tillämpningar som kräver mycket stora 
datavolymer som till exempel kameror för digital foto eller digital video. Om du vill 
använda FireWire ska du vara uppmärksam på portarna som finns på 
periferienheterna när du köper dem. 
På ungefär samma sätt som med USB stödjer även FireWire-porten Plug & Play 
och byte under drift. Du behöver därför bara plugga in enheten. Windows identifierar 
dem automatiskt och installerar respektive drivrutin. Vissa äldre FireWire-enheter 
drar dock inte nytta denna funktion. I detta fall måste du ansluta enheten och starta 
om Windows. Efter detta kommer Windows att identifiera och konfigurera enheten.

--- Page 277 ---
Avancerad konfiguration och hantering     
33
 
 
Här är några exempel på typiska FireWire-enheter: 
• 
digitala videokameror, t.ex. DVCam, Digital8 
• 
avancerade digitala stillbildskameror (fotokameror) 
• 
externa enheter, t.ex. DLT för säkerhetskopiering 
• 
och en del annat

--- Page 278 ---
34
    Felsökning, första hjälpen och vanliga frågor och svar (FAQ)  
 
3.  Felsökning, första hjälpen och vanliga 
frågor och svar (FAQ) 
Denna persondator är ett högkvalitativt datorsystem som har testats noggrant och 
som innehåller den senaste teknologin. Problem och funktionsstörningar kan dock 
aldrig helt undvikas. För att hjälpa dig med att återfå ett fullt fungerande system har 
vi samlat detaljerad information om hur du identifierar och löser de vanligaste 
problemen. Om du har ett problem kan du fortsätta enligt följande: 
• 
Läs avsnittet "Felsökning" nedan. 
• 
Försök att hitta lösningen på ditt problem i kapitlet "Vanliga frågor och svar 
(FAQ)" som börjar på sidan 37. 
 
Observera 
Du hittar de senaste vanliga frågorna och svaren (FAQ) under Tillverkareinfor-
mation samt även på Internet. Gå till 
www.service.targa.co.uk
 för att söka efter 
de senaste vanliga frågorna och svaren samt drivrutiner. 
 
• 
Läs respektive kapitel i denna handbok. 
• 
Se till att använda Windows Systemåterställning med början på sidan 38. 
• 
Om datorn inte startar eller om det uppstår fel under systemstarten kan du 
använda återställningsprogrammet som finns på EasyInstall-CD/DVD-skivan 
med början på sidan 43. Detta program hjälper dig att återställa Windows start- 
och systemfiler och återställer även din dator till fabrikskonfigurationen om det är 
nödvändigt. 
• 
Ring vår hotline – läs noggrant respektive instruktioner på sidan 48. 
• 
Om inget av det ovannämnda hjälper dig med att lösa problemet kan du 
använda vår service på platsen. För mer information, läs informationen som 
börjar på sidan 48. 
3.1  Felsökning 
 
Om din dator hänger sig när den är igång eller vid start kan detta bero på ett nyligen 
installerat program. Detta kan lösas enligt nedan:

--- Page 279 ---
Felsökning, första hjälpen och vanliga frågor och svar (FAQ)     
35
 
 
• 
Tryck och håll ned tangenten [F8] efter du har satt på datorn och välj alternativet 
Felsäkert läge
 i uppstartmenyn. Klicka på 
Start/Alla 
program/Tillbehör/Systemverktyg/Systemåterställning
 för att återställa den 
till en tidigare tidpunkt när den fungerade. Om detta inte fungerar kan du prova 
alla de andra återställningsalternativen. 
• 
Avinstallera nyligen installerade program via alternativet 
Lägg till eller ta bort 
program
 i kontrollpanelen (detta fungerar även i felsäkert läge). 
• 
Starta din dator med cd-skivan Windows i cd-enheten och håll valfri bokstavs-
tangent nedtryckt (t.ex. [H]) tills Windows-installationen startar. Vänta tills alla 
filer har laddats. I Windows välkomstskärm trycker du på [Retur], bekräftar li-
censavtalet genom att trycka på [F8] och trycker på [R] för att reparera installa-
tionen. (Du behöver bara installera om drivrutinerna från den medföljande Easy-
Install-DVD-skivan när Windows har reparerats.)  
• 
Kontakta tillverkaren av programvara från tredje part. 
Om du inte hör något ljud finns det flera tänkbara anledningar till funktionsfel i 
maskinvaran eller programvaran. För att lokalisera dem bättre ska du fortsätta enligt 
nedan: 
• 
Kontrollera högtalarna genom att ansluta dem till uttagen för bak- och fronthög-
talare. 
• 
Kontrollerar högtalarna på en annan ljudenhet eller anslut andra högtalare (eller 
hörlurar) till din dator. 
• 
Säkerställ att drivrutinen för ljudkortet har installerats och att du har valt det 
ljudkortet som standardljudenhet. För att göra detta öppnar du Kontrollpanelen 
och dubbelklickar på 
Ljud och ljudenheter
, klickar på fliken 
Ljudenheter
 och 
kontrollerar att Realtek 
Audio
 är vald som standardenhet för inspelning och 
uppspelning av ljud. 
• 
Under standardenheten för uppspelning av ljud klickar du på knappen 
volym
 
och kontrollerar att alternativet 
Ljud av
 inte är markerat. Dra i skjutreglaget för 
volym till en lagom volymnivå. 
• 
Installera om chipset-drivrutinen som innehåller ljuddrivrutinerna från EasyIns-
tall-DVD-skivan. 
• 
Kontakta vår hotline. 
Om du inte kan ansluta till Internet via modemet kan det finnas flera tänkbara 
orsaker. Följ dessa steg för att lokalisera problemet: 
• 
Avinstallera modemet genom att öppna Enhetshanteraren som finns i 
Kontrollpanelen/System/Maskinvara
. Klicka på plustecknet bredvid 
Modem

--- Page 280 ---
36
    Felsökning, första hjälpen och vanliga frågor och svar (FAQ)  
 
och högerklicka på modemet för att välja kommandot 
Avinstallera
. Modemet 
tas bort från listan. Nu kan du installera om det automatiskt genom att klicka på 
Åtgärd/Sök efter maskinvaruförändringar
. 
• 
Utför även en diagnostik ifrån Enhetshanteraren. Dubbelklicka på modemet, 
öppna fliken 
Diagnostik
 och klicka på knappen 
Fråga modem
. Listan som vi-
sas ska innehålla första raden 
Lyckades
 för ett modem som fungerar ordentligt. 
• 
Prova med en annan modemkabel. 
• 
Säkerställ att modemkabeln är ordentligt fastsatt i modemporten. 
• 
Prova med ett annat telefonuttag (enkelt när du använder en notebook-dator). 
• 
Prova med att ansluta till en annan Internetleverantör för att få Internetåtkomst. 
• 
Upprätta en provanslutning till ett vanligt telefonnummer (t.ex. din mobiltelefon) 
genom att klicka på 
Start/Alla pro-
gram/Tillbehör/Kommunikation/HyperTerminal
. 
Det visas ingen bild på en TV som är ansluten till min dator 
• 
Du måste starta om datorn för att identifiera TV:n som ytterligare en bildskärms-
enhet. 
Om du skickar monitorbilden via TV-utgången till en TV-apparat och TV:n visar en 
tom skärm går du vidare enligt följande: 
• 
Säkerställ att du har anslutit TV-apparaten ordentligt, att den är på och att du 
har ställt in rätt kanal innan du slår på din dator. 
• 
Aktivera TV-utgången via programvaran. Detta förfarande förklaras på sidan 9. 
Om bilden som visas på TV-apparaten bara är i svartvitt kan detta bero på TV-
apparaten. 
• 
Säkerställ att din TV stödjer s-videosignaler: läs dokumentationen till din TV eller 
kontakta tillverkaren eller återförsäljaren.  
• 
Om du använder en s-videokabel kan du byta ut den mot en vanlig kompositka-
bel (euro-cinch-anslutning). 
• 
Använd korrekt adapter för s-video-till-komposit istället för den vanliga adapter-
pluggen. 
• 
Testa din dator tillsammans med annan TV-apparat där du är säker på att den 
stödjer s-video, t.ex. i en affär.

--- Page 281 ---
Felsökning, första hjälpen och vanliga frågor och svar (FAQ)     
37
 
 
3.2  Vanliga frågor och svar (FAQ) 
Var kan jag hitta reservdelar och tillbehör?
 
Targa erbjuder ett stort urval av reservdelar och tillbehör till din dator. Du kan hitta 
en detaljerad lista och ytterligare information på Internet: 
 
http://www.targa-online.com
 
Information om drivrutiner, vanliga frågor och svar och handbok 
För att säkerställa att alla komponenter i din Targa-dator är optimalt justerade ska 
du med jämna mellanrum installera de senaste drivrutinerna. Du kan hämta dem 
gratis från webbplatsen för Targa Service på Internet. 
Där hittar du även ytterligare vanliga frågor och svar (FAQ) plus denna handbok 
som ett PDF-dokument som öppnas i Adobe Acrobat Reader. Acrobat Reader har 
en bekväm sökfunktion som du kan nå via 
Edit/Search
 så att du enkelt kan hitta 
önskad information och hjälptexter. 
Du hittar Targa Service Internetportal på: 
 
http://www.service.targa.co.uk
 
Blir garantin ogiltig om sigillett avlägsnas?
 
Lösning:
 Du kan öppna höljet men garantin gäller inte längre för krav på saknade 
komponenter, dvs. efter sigillett avlägsnas kan du inte längre göra anspråk på delar 
som saknas. 
Varning:  
 Om originalkomponenter skadas under installationen av 
enheter från tredje part förlorar du garantin för dessa komponenter. 
Varför visar Den här datorn en mindre hårddiskstorlek än den som utlovats, t.ex. 
298 GB istället för angivna 320 GB? 
Lösning:
 Anledningen är att andra enheter används för beräkningen av detta 
värde. Hårddiskens tillverkare anger storleken för en kilobyte som 1 000 byte. Men 
en kilobyte består egentligen av 1 024 byte. Den verkliga storleken på en hårddisk 
om 320 GB är t ex följande: 
320 000 000 000 byte är enligt tillverkarens definition 320 GB, eftersom de alltid 
dividerar med 1 000. 
Den riktiga storleken är dock: 
320 000 000 000 byte/1 024 = 312 500 000 kilobyte 
312 500 000 kilobyte/1 024 = 305 175,78125 megabyte

--- Page 282 ---
38
    Felsökning, första hjälpen och vanliga frågor och svar (FAQ)  
 
305 175,78125 MB/1 024 = 298,023223876953 GB 
Om denna siffra avrundas får vi en storlek på 298 GB. Windows kommer att visa 
denna siffra för storleken på hela enheten (t.ex. i Utforskaren). 
 
Hur kan jag aktivera/avaktivera att en CD-ROM körs automatiskt i Windows?  
Lösning:
 Klicka på 
Start/Kör
 
och skriv in "regedit". Sök efter nyckeln 
HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\System\CurrentControlSet \Services\Cdrom
 
och 
sedan posten 
Autorun
. 
Dubbelklicka på posten för att redigera värdet:  
  1 = aktiverad 0 = avaktiverad 
När du har ändrat värdet måste du starta om datorn. 
Allmän information om uppdateringar av BIOS och inbyggd programvara (Firmwa-
re) 
• 
Använd bara de officiella versioner av BIOS och fast programvara som du hittar 
på vår servicewebbplats (
www.service.targa.co.uk
).  
• 
Använd aldrig versioner av BIOS eller fast programvara från tredje part. Detta kan 
göra garantin ogiltig. 
• 
Säkerställ att uppdateringen passar för din modell och använd bara godkända 
uppdateringar av BIOS och fast programvara. 
• 
Läs alltid filen 
viktigt.txt
. 
Hur kan jag uppdatera min BIOS? 
Lösning: 
Sök upp rätt servicesida på 
http://www.service.targa.co.uk
 genom att 
skriva in ditt serienummer eller sök upp den exakta modellen för din Targa-dator. 
Öppna fliken 
Downloads
 och hämta ZIP-filen som innehåller den senaste BIOS-
versionen. Packa upp ZIP-filen och följ instruktionerna som finns i den medföljande 
filen 
viktigt.txt
. 
3.3  Om allting har kraschat ---- 
systemåterställning 
Datorer är mycket dynamiska enheter. Tyvärr kan oväntade situationer lätt uppstå 
eller så gillar inte systemet en speciell inställning. Windows kan därför plötsligt bli 
instabilt eller så fungerar det inte alls. För sådana här situationer innehåller 
Windows ett verktyg som kallas för Systemåterställning.

--- Page 283 ---
Felsökning, första hjälpen och vanliga frågor och svar (FAQ)     
39
 
 
Detta program är ett slags säkerhetskopieringsverktyg för Windows systemfiler. 
Kopiering av alla nödvändiga konfigurations- och inställningsfiler utförs vid en 
tidpunkt utan fel. Om ditt datorsystem får problem senare kan du återställa den 
tidigare sparade statusen med bara några få musklick. 
För att återställa din dator till problemfri drift bör du använda funktionen systemå-
terställning. Noterat att detta verktyg bara säkerhetskopierar de viktigaste Windows-
inställningarna. Själva Windows och andra eventuella privata data omfattas inte av 
denna automatiska säkerhetskopiering så du måste säkerhetskopiera dem manu-
ellt. 
Skapa återställningspunkter 
Funktionen systemåterställning fungerar automatiskt och skapar 
återställningspunkter med jämna intervall. Du kan även definiera manuella 
återställningspunkter. Om någonting går fel kan du enkelt återställa den senaste 
säkerhetskopierade statusen. 
1.
 Klicka på 
Start/Alla program/Tillbehör/Systemverktyg/Systemåterställning
 
för att öppna huvudfönstret för systemåterställning. Välj sedan alternativet 
Skapa 
en återställningspunkt
. Klicka på 
Nästa 
för att fortsätta. 
 
2.
 Nu måste du namnge din nya återställningspunkt. Välj en beskrivning som 
hjälper dig att identifiera återställningen i en nödsituation, t.ex. 
Fullständig

--- Page 284 ---
40
    Felsökning, första hjälpen och vanliga frågor och svar (FAQ)  
 
installation
 eller 
Innan installationen av programmet XYZ
. Klicka på 
Nästa
 för 
att fortsätta till nästa steg. 
3.
 Vid denna punkt kommer programmet att spara de viktigaste systemfilerna. 
Denna procedur kan ta ett tag – beroende på datavolymen och datorns processor-
hastighet. Säkerhetskopieringen kommer slutligen att bekräftas i ett fönster.  Säker-
hetskopieringen är nu slutförd utan några problem. Klicka på 
Stäng
 för att avsluta 
programmet och klicka på 
Start 
för att gå tillbaka till välkomstfönstret för systemå-
terställningen. 
Återställning av ditt system med hjälp av 
återställningspunkter 
Om du har problem med Windows kan du återställa till ett tidigare stadium och 
därigenom få tillbaka normal drift av din dator baserat på återställningspunkten. Om 
du fortfarande kan starta Windows kör du programmet som vanligt från Start-
menyn. I vissa specialfall kan återställningsproceduren även utföras i Felsäkert 
läge, t.ex. när det inte går att starta Windows utan stora problem. 
Återställning av systemet under normala driftsförhållanden 
I situationer med problem med programstart med felmeddelanden och andra 
problem fungerar Windows fortfarande normalt i de flesta fall. Du kan då starta 
Systemåterställningen under normala driftsförhållanden. 
1.
 Kör Systemåterställningen genom att klicka på 
Start/Alla pro-
gram/Tillbehör/Systemverktyg/Systemåterställning
. Välj alternativet 
Återställ 
datorn till en tidigare tidpunkt
. Klicka på 
Nästa
 för att fortsätta till nästa fönster.

--- Page 285 ---
Felsökning, första hjälpen och vanliga frågor och svar (FAQ)     
41
 
 
 
2.
 Detta fönster visar en kalender. Dagar då du har skapat en återställningspunkt 
visas med fetstil.  Rutan till höger innehåller de olika återställningspunkterna med 
beskrivningar.  De automatiserade dagliga återställningspunkterna kallas alltid för 
Systemkontrollpunkter
.  Markera önskad säkerhetskopia och klicka på 
Nästa
 för 
att fortsätta till nästa fönster. 
3.
 Ett fönster med ett varningsmeddelande uppmanar dig att stänga eventuella 
öppna program innan du genomför återställningsprocessen. Vänligen följ detta råd. 
Nästa fönster visar återigen information om den återställningspunkt som du har valt.

--- Page 286 ---
42
    Felsökning, första hjälpen och vanliga frågor och svar (FAQ)  
 
 
Om du är osäker på ditt val klickar du på 
Bakåt
 för att gå tillbaka till kalendern där 
du kan välja en annan punkt.  Om du vill avbryta återställningsprocessen helt och 
hållet klickar du på 
Avbryt
. Klicka på 
Nästa
 för att utföra återställningsproceduren.  
4.
 När du har kört igång återställningsprocessen kommer Windows att vara uppta-
get ett tag och sedan sker en omstart och justering av den aktuella konfigurationen. 
Slutligen kommer systemåterställningen att bekräftas och du kan klicka på 
OK
 för 
att acceptera. 
Återställning av systemet i Felsäkert läge 
Om Windows har ett större problem som gör att det blir omöjligt att starta på 
normalt sätt ska du försöka med att starta i Felsäkert läge. Detta är ett slags 
nödläge som laddar en minimal men (nästan alltid) stabil Windows-konfiguration. 
1.
 Först och främst måste du starta om din dator manuellt.  När det vanliga POST-
meddelandet har visats laddar datorn Windows.  Tryck nu snabbt och håll in tangen-
ten [F8]. 
2.
 Detta gör att uppstartmenyn visas. Använd pilknapparna för att välja 
Felsäkert 
läge
 och tryck på [Retur]. Detta moment måste dock utföras snabbt. Menyn innehål-
ler en synlig nedräkningstimer som startar normalläget efter en viss tid.

--- Page 287 ---
Felsökning, första hjälpen och vanliga frågor och svar (FAQ)     
43
 
 
3.
 Windows startar i felsäkert läge. Eftersom datorn bara kommer att ladda de 
viktigaste drivrutinerna och komponenterna kommer bilden på skärmen att vara 
mycket stor och med ovanliga färger. Detta är normalt. 
4.
 Starta systemåterställningen från Start-menyn och kör reparationsproceduren. 
Programmet kommer att fungera identiskt med beskrivningen ovan. Det kommer 
dock bara att låta dig återställa systemet eller ångra en tidigare utförd återställ-
ningsprocess. Du kommer inte tillåtas skapa nya återställningspunkter. Därefter kan 
du starta om Windows normalt eller utföra ytterligare justeringar eller korrigeringar.  
3.4  Återställning av systemet med hjälp av 
systemåterställningsprogrammet 
EasyInstall-CD/DVD-skivan som medföljer din Targa-dator innehåller ett helt nytt 
återställningsprogram som låter dig återställa datorn gradvis till normal driftstatus. 
Det erbjuder fyra alternativ:  
• 
Återställ endast startfiler
 
• 
Återställ systemfiler
 
• 
Återställ alla filer (lämnar användarfilerna oförändrade) 
 
• 
Fullständig återställning (alla filer raderas)
 
Om din dator inte startar eller bara startar med problem sätter du i EasyInstall DVD-
ROM-skivan i CD/DVD-enheten och startar om datorn. 
1.
 Ett meddelande visas med en varning om eventuell dataförlust. Klicka på knap-
pen
 Kör programmet
.

--- Page 288 ---
44
    Felsökning, första hjälpen och vanliga frågor och svar (FAQ)  
 
 
2.
 I nästa steg kan du välja mellan de fyra alternativen som nämns ovan.  
 
3.
 Om du har problem med att starta Windows kan du först prova alternativet 
Återställ endast startfiler
.

--- Page 289 ---
Felsökning, första hjälpen och vanliga frågor och svar (FAQ)     
45
 
 
4.
 Om du har ett problem med Windows systemfiler som inte går att lösa efter att 
ha kört Windows Systemåterställning (som beskrivs på sidan 38) kan du prova med 
det andra alternativet 
Återställ systemfiler
. 
5.
 Om datorn fortfarande inte startar efter att du har tillämpat dessa procedurer kan 
du prova med det tredje alternativet 
Återställ alla filer (lämnar användarfilerna 
oförändrade)
.
 
Eventuella användarfiler kommer att behållas så länge de har 
sparats i de fördefinierade användarmapparna. 
6.
 Endast om även detta alternativ misslyckas ska du välja den sista posten 
Fullständig återställning (Alla filer raderas)
.
 
Vänligen notera att denna procedur 
kommer att helt radera all information från din dator. Använd detta alternativ för att 
återställa till programvarukonfigurationen från fabriken. 
 
Viktigt! 
Kom ihåg att om du kör denna process kommer din dators standardkonfigura-
tion från fabriken att återställas. Detta kommer att radera alla data från din 
hårddisk (under Windows med beteckningen enhet C:). Om du inte vill att detta 
ska hända avslutar du återställningsprogrammet software och säkerhetskopie-
rar först din information (t ex på en CD eller DVD). När all information säker-
hetskopieras kan du åter aktivera detta steg.  
 
7.
 Starta återställningsprocessen genom att klicka på knappen 
Start
.

--- Page 290 ---
46
    Felsökning, första hjälpen och vanliga frågor och svar (FAQ)  
 
8.
 Klicka på knappen 
OK 
för att 
bekräfta varningsmeddelandet i 
nästa fönster. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9.
 
Systemåterställningsproces
sen startar.  Denna process 
kan ta en stund. Du kan 
övervaka hur 
återställningen går på 
förloppsindikatorn. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Viktigt! 
Du får aldrig stänga av datorn under tiden återställningsprocessen körs. Du får 
inte avbryta återställningsprocessen!

--- Page 291 ---
Felsökning, första hjälpen och vanliga frågor och svar (FAQ)     
47
 
 
10.
 När återställningen är 
klar klickar du på 
Starta om 
datorn
 för att starta om din 
dator.

--- Page 292 ---
48
    Aktivering, registrering och serienummer 
 
Aktivering, registrering och serienummer  
Allmänt 
Alla medföljande program har förinstallerats på din dator och är klara att användas.  
Om du dock behöver återinstallera ett speciellt program använder du vanligtvis 
installationsguiden.  Tillsammans med din personliga information (valfritt) måste du 
ange en nyckel, serienummer, licenskod eller aktiveringskod.  Denna nyckel ingår i 
ditt datorpaket och kan hittas på olika platser, till exempel:  
• 
på baksidan eller ovansidan av din dator 
• 
tryckt på CD/DVD-skivan 
• 
på framsidan/baksidan av CD/DVD-fodralet  
En programvara består normalt av ett installationsmedium (CD/DVD/diskett), 
licensavtalet (finns i handboken eller på installationsmedium) samt installations-
nyckeln. Vänligen behåll alla dokument, papper, bevis eller kvitton som medföljde 
datorn. De kan innehålla viktig information som du kan behöva vid en senare 
tidpunkt.   
Licensavtal 
Ett programlicensavtal beskriver hur du är auktoriserad att använda programmet.  
Detta kommer redan att omfatta vissa viktiga skillnader mellan kunden/användaren 
och tillverkaren.   Medan kunden/användaren normalt tror att han/hon har köpt 
programvaran (har förvärvat äganderätten) säger tillverkaren endast att kunden har 
rätten att "använda" programvaran under vissa omständigheter.  Normalt får pro-
gramvaran endast användas tillsammans med det datorsystem som du har köpt. 
Användningen i kommersiellt syfte kan också vara begränsad.  Dessutom får 
programvaran inte användas för att styra maskiner eller för utveckling eller tillverk-
ning av vapen.  En annan aspekt är ansvarsbegränsningar för tillverkaren.   
Om du inte helt godkänner alla villkor som finns i licensavtalet får du inte använda 
programvaran. Ibland kan vissa villkor i licensavtalet eventuellt inte vara helt lagliga.  
I en sådan situation kan det speciella villkoret bli ogiltigt så att det inte längre gäller 
för dig.  
Licensavtalet kan ha en reservation för rätten till att programvaran ska återlämnas 
när du inte går med på villkoren.  Vänligen notera att detta hänvisar till att varorna 
ska returneras till tillverkaren och inte en återbetalning från återförsäljaren.  Du 
måste kontakta programtillverkaren för att informera dem om att du önskar 
returnera programvaran. Eftersom ditt datorsystem är en produkt med ett paketpris, 
är en prissatt återbetalningspolicy för individuella komponenter och

--- Page 293 ---
Aktivering, registrering och serienummer    
49
 
 
programkomponenter exkluderade från detta erbjudande.  Någon prisjämförelse kan 
inte göras och är därför inte återbetalningsbar. 
Nycklar, koder och serienummer 
Ditt system har en unik identifiering med nycklar, koder eller serienummer.  Detta 
gäller de olika komponenter som levererades med din dator och som förvaras 
tillsammans med all annan datorsysteminformation av tillverkaren.   
När det gäller programvarukomponenter är de en del av en säkerhetsfunktion för att 
undvika olaglig och okontrollerad kopiering och publicering av deras programvara.  
Det finns därför olika etiketter och sigill som bekräftar äktheten i din produkt och 
som ger köparen av dessa koder möjligheten att använda den genuina programva-
ran. 
Registrering och produktaktivering  
Genom att registrera din programvaruprodukt visar du att du har en licens och att 
du har accepterat licensavtalet. Ingen annan person kan därför använda din licens 
på samma gång.  Det är inte obligatoriskt att registrera en produkt men de flesta 
tillverkare erbjuder sina kunder möjligheten att registrera med namn och adress. 
Dina personuppgifter används normalt till att hålla dig uppdaterad om de senaste 
produkt- och programversionerna.  
Det finns även en produktaktivering.  Produktaktivering har introducerats av Micro-
soft och den aktiverar tidigare begränsade funktioner i produkten till fullständig och 
obegränsad användning. Detta är därmed ett viktigt steg utöver registreringen.  
Produktaktiveringen är en skyddsmekanism för att minska piratkopiering av pro-
gramvara. Den skyddar även konsumenterna från att använda olagliga programpro-
dukter.  Personer som använder eller distribuerar olaglig programvara skadar inte 
bara sig själva utan även den globala ekonomin.

--- Page 294 ---
50
    Säkerhet 
 
Säkerhet 
EMC och säkerhetsregler 
Denna enhet uppfyller kraven i standarderna EN 55022, EN 55024, EN 61000-3-2, 
EN 61000-3-3 och EN 60950. De medföljande RF-enheterna, t ex WLAN, uppfyller 
kraven i R&TTE-direktivet (1999/5/EG, ETSI EN 300 328, EN 301489-1, EN 
301489-17). Den medföljande TV-mottagaren uppfyller kraven i standarderna EN 
55013 och EN 55020. 
Alla förändringar av utrustningen förutom de som rekommenderas av tillverkaren 
kan leda till att dessa direktiv inte längre uppfylls. För att säkerställa den elektro-
magnetiska kompatibiliteten (EMC) för denna utrustning måste instruktionerna i 
denna användarhandledning följas. 
Meddelande till användaren 
Denna utrustning har testats och funnits hålla sig inom gränsvärdena för störnings-
skydd. Notera följande vid användning av externa signalkablar: Vid utbyte av någon 
av de signalkablar som tillhandahålls av tillverkaren måste användaren säkerställa 
att EMC-riktlinjerna följs. Avskärmningsegenskaperna hos alla utbytta kablar måste 
åtminstone vara likvärdiga med originalkablarna. Du får bara använda skärmade 
kablar och bara ansluta enheter som motsvarar säkerhets- och EMC-normerna för 
denna produkt. 
Om du inte följer ovannämnda punkter kommer dessa direktiv inte längre att uppfyl-
las. 
• 
Varning: Denna enhet hör till Säkerhetsklass 1 och kan bara anslutas till ett 
jordat vägguttag. 
• 
Datorn ska placeras så att man direkt och utan problem kommer åt vägguttaget, 
så att man i en nödsituation snabbt kan dra ur kontakten. För att undvika risken 
för brand då enheten inte ska användas under en längre tid (t ex under semes-
ter), bör den alltid kopplas bort från vägguttaget. Koppla bort enheten från 
strömförsörjningen om det finns risk för storm och åsknedslag. 
Avsedd användning 
Denna produkt har i sin standardkonfiguration inte utformats för medicinska, livräd-
dande, räddnings- eller livsunderstödjande syften. Den kan användas för tillämp-
ningar i hemmet, på kontoret och vid mindre företag (i enlighet med EN 61000-6-
1/EN 61000-6-3). Detta omfattar spel, kommunikations- och kontorstillämpningar 
samt övrigt.

--- Page 295 ---
Säkerhet    
51
 
 
Enheten får dessutom inte användas utomhus eller i tropiska klimat. Endast 
anslutningskablar och externa enheter som efterföljer säkerhetsstandarder och 
denna enhets elektromagnetiska kompatibilitet och skyddskvalitet för användas. 
Enheten uppfyller relevanta normer och standarder vad det gäller CE-
överensstämmelser. Alla förändringar av utrustningen förutom de rekommenderade 
förändringarna av tillverkaren kan leda till att dessa direktiv inte längre uppfylls. 
Använd enbart tillbehör som rekommenderas av tillverkaren. 
Targa tar inget ansvar för skador som uppstår om datorn används för saker den inte 
är avsedd för. 
Driftsmiljö 
Placera enheten på en stabil, plan yta och ställ inga (tunga) objekt på den. 
Enheten ska inte användas i rum med hög temperatur eller luftfuktighet (t ex 
badrum) och måste hållas ren från damm. 
Driftstemperatur och luftfuktighet: 10°C till 35°C, max 85 % RH. 
Kontrollera alltid att: 
• 
luften kan cirkulera fritt (placera inte enheten på hyllor, på en tjock matta, på en 
säng eller på någon annan plats där ventilationshålen blockeras och lämna ett 
mellanrum på minst 10 cm på alla sidor). 
• 
inga direkta värmekällor (t ex element) påverkar enheten. 
• 
direkt solljus eller stark belysning inte når enheten. 
• 
kontakt med spray och droppande vatten samt frätande vätskor undviks och att 
enheten inte används i närheten av vatten. Den får absolut inte dränkas i vatten 
(placera inga objekt fyllda med vätskor som t ex vaser eller drinkar i närheten av 
enheten). 
• 
enheten inte placeras i närheten av magnetfält (t ex högtalare). 
• 
inga eldkällor (t ex stearinljus) placeras på eller i närheten av enheten. 
• 
inga främmande objekt monteras i enheten. 
• 
enheten inte utsätts för större temperaturvariationer eftersom detta kan skapa 
kondens.

--- Page 296 ---
52
    Säkerhet 
 
• 
enheten inte utsätts för kraftiga stötar och vibrationer. 
• 
enbart jordade vägguttag används.  
Batterier och laddningsbara batterier 
Använd bara laddningsbara batterier och batterier som är identiska med den typ 
som tillverkaren rekommenderar. Sätt i batterierna och de laddningsbara batterierna 
med korrekt polaritet i batterifacket. Använd aldrig olika typer av batterier, 
exempelvis nya och gamla, alkaliska och kol, eller vanliga batterier tillsammans med 
laddningbara etc. 
Försök aldrig ladda vanliga batterier, eftersom det endast är möjligt med 
laddningsbara batterier! 
Laddningsbara och vanliga batterier får inte plockas isär och under inga 
omständigheter får de komma i kontakt med eld. Det finns risk för explosion om de 
hanteras felaktigt. Förvara vanliga och laddningsbara batterier oåtkomligt för barn. 
Ta ut batterierna när enheten inte används under en längre tid. Icke avsedd 
användning kan orsaka explosion och livsfara. 
Respektera miljön! Gamla och laddningsbara batterier hör inte hemma bland 
hushållssoporna! De måste lämnas vid en återvinningsstation för gamla och 
laddningsbara batterier. 
 
Laser (säkerhetsvarning) 
Denna enhet innehåller ett lasersystem och är klassad som en "Klass 1 
laserprodukt". Se användarinstruktionerna och läs dem noggrant för anvisningar om 
korrekt användning. Förvara dem som referens för framtida användning. Om du 
stöter på problem med din dator, vänligen kontakta kvalificerad service- eller 
underhållspersonal. För att undvika direktkontakt med laserstrålen får du inte öppna 
höljet till optiska enheter som t.ex. DVD-ROM- eller DVD-brännare. 
VAR FÖRSIKTIG! Laserstrålning om höljet avlägsnas!
 
Denna utrustning kan innehålla enheter som tillhör Laser klass 1 upp till Laser klass 
3B. När höljet är stängt uppfyller utrustningen kraven för Laser klass 1. När 
utrustningen öppnas kan laserenheter upp till Laser klass 3B exponeras. Denna typ 
av laserstrålning finns i optiska enheter. När dessa enheter tas bort eller öppnas 
måste du följa dessa riktlinjer:

--- Page 297 ---
Säkerhet    
53
 
 
• 
Titta aldrig på laserstrålen, inte ens vid användning av optiska don och verktyg. 
• 
Exponera dig inte för laserstrålen. 
• 
Undvik direkt eller indirekt (reflex/ljusbrytning) strålning mot ögon eller hud. 
De installerade optiska enheterna innehåller inga komponenter som användaren 
kan göra underhåll på. De optiska enheterna får endast underhållas och repareras 
av tillverkaren. 
Viktiga säkerhetsinstruktioner 
• 
Elektriska apparater skall inte hanteras av barn! 
• 
Låt inte barn leka med elektriska enheter utan tillsyn. Barn förstår inte alltid de 
potentiella riskerna. 
• 
Vanliga och laddningsbara batterier och små delar utgör en potentiell 
kvävningsrisk. Förvara batterier oåtkomligt för barn. Uppsök läkare omedelbart 
om ett batteri sväljs. 
• 
Förvara emballaget oåtkomligt för barn för att undvika kvävning. 
• 
När denna enhet ansluts till en antenn måste den vara jordad av en teknisk 
expert, så att man kan garantera skydd mot elektriska variationer och 
elektrostatisk urladdning. 
• 
Öppna inte din dator! Modifieringar av maskinvaran och reparationer måste 
utföras av auktoriserade tekniker eller servicepersonal. 
• 
Inne i din dator finns ett litiumbatteri. Byte av detta batteri måste utföras av 
auktoriserad servicepersonal. 
• 
Håll alltid i kablarnas kontakt och dra aldrig i själva kabeln. Håll aldrig i 
strömkabeln med våta händer eftersom det kan orsaka kortslutning eller ge dig 
en elektrisk stöt. Placera aldrig enheten, tunga objekt eller möbler på kabeln och 
se till att inte kabeln fastnar, speciellt vid kontakten och vid uttag. Slå aldrig knut 
på kabeln och bind inte ihop den med andra kablar. Alla kablar bör placeras så 
att inte någon råkar snubbla över dem eller blir hindrad av dem. En skadad 
strömkabel kan orsaka en brand eller elektriska stötar. Kontrollera strömkabeln 
med jämna mellanrum. Använd aldrig adapterkontakter eller förlängningssladdar 
som inte uppfyller de aktuella säkerhetsföreskrifterna i ditt land och ändra inte 
nätsladdar eller elinstallationer på egen hand.

--- Page 298 ---
54
    Säkerhet 
 
• 
Service behövs när denna enhet skadats på något sätt, exempelvis när 
strömkontakten, strömkabeln eller höljet skadats, när vätska eller något objekt 
kommit in i enheten, när produkten utsatts för regn eller fukt, när produkten inte 
fungerar som den ska eller om man tappat produkten. Om du noterar rök, 
onormalt buller eller konstig lukt, ska enheten omedelbart stängas av och 
kontakten dras ut ur vägguttaget. I detta fall ska enheten inte användas mer och 
den ska inspekteras av auktoriserad servicepersonal. Kontakta kvalificerad 
personal när service behövs. Öppna aldrig höljet på enheten, strömadaptern 
eller övriga tillbehör. Om höljet öppnas är ditt liv i fara på grund av elektrisk stöt. 
• 
Använd en ren, torr duk för rengöring. 
• 
När kringutrustning ansluts, se till att kablarna inte är för korta och att de inte 
tvingar kontakterna mekaniskt. 
• 
Datorn kommer att lagra alla dina data på ett medium med en magnetisk yta. Av 
denna anledning ska du se till att hålla din dator borta från källor som generar 
magnetiska och elektromagnetiska fält. 
Ytterligare säkerhetsanvisningar för enheter med 
trådlöst LAN 
Din dator har en enhet för trådlöst LAN. Därför måste du läsa och följa dessa 
säkerhetsanvisningar när du arbetar med din dator: 
• 
Stäng av din dators trådlösa adapter när du befinner dig på ett sjukhus, på en 
kirurgisk klinik eller i närheten av elektrisk, medicinsk apparatur. RF-signalerna 
kan störa den medicinska utrustningens funktioner. 
• 
Placera datorn minst 20 cm från pacemakers, eftersom RF-signalerna kan störa 
en pacemakers funktioner. 
• 
De RF-signaler som sänds ut kan störa hörapparater. 
• 
Placera inte datorn med den trådlösa adaptern påslagen i närheten av 
lättantändlig gas eller i ett explosionskänsligt område, eftersom de RF-signaler 
som sänds ut kan orsaka explosioner eller brand. 
• 
RF-signalernas räckvidd beror på de miljömässiga villkoren. 
• 
Vid överföring av trådlös information är det möjligt att obehöriga parter kan ta 
emot information. 
TARGA GmbH är inte ansvariga för eventuella störningar som RF- eller TV-
signalerna orsakar, som en följd av obehörig modifiering av denna enhet. Dessutom 
ansvarar inte TARGA för ersättning av kablar eller enheter som inte specifikt 
godkänts av TARGA GmbH. Användaren är ensam ansvarig och förpliktigad att

--- Page 299 ---
Säkerhet    
55
 
 
felsöka eventuella störningar orsakade av obehörig modifiering av denna enhet och 
för eventuellt byte av enheter. 
CE-märkning av enheter med trådlöst LAN 
Denna enhet uppfyller kraven i Europaparlamentets och rådets direktiv 1999/5/EG, 
daterat 9 mars, 1999, för radio- och teleterminalsutrustning och erhållit ömsesidigt 
erkännande av utrustningens överensstämmelse. 
Säkerhet 
Denna dator kan användas i Belgien, Danmark, Tyskland, Finland, Frankrike, 
Grekland, Storbritannien, Irland, Italien, Luxemburg, Holland, Österrike, Portugal, 
Sverige, Schweiz, Spanien, Island, Liechtenstein och Norge. 
Kontakta ansvarig myndighet i respektive land för information om möjliga 
användningsbegränsningar. Om ditt land inte finns med i listan kan du kontakta 
motsvarande lagstiftande myndighet, för att få veta om du får använda denna 
produkt i ditt land eller inte. 
Belgien – www.bipt.be  Holland – www.opta.nl 
Danmark – www.tst.dk  Österrike – www.rtr.at 
Tyskland – www.regtp.de  Portugal – www.urt.gov.pt 
Finland – www.fi cora.fi  Sverige – www.pts.se 
Frankrike – www.art-telecom.fr  Schweiz – www.bakom.ch 
Grekland – www.eett.gr  Spanien – www.cmt.es 
England – www.oftel.gov.uk  Island – www.pta.is 
Irland – www.comreg.ie  Liechtenstein – www.ak.li 
Italien – www.agcom.it  Norge – www.npt.no 
Luxemburg – www.etat.lu/ILT   
 
 
Begränsningar 
Frankrike
 
Endast kanalerna 10 till 11 för begränsat frekvensband (2,457 MHz och 2,462 MHz) 
får användas i Frankrike. Det är inte tillåtet att använda denna enhet utomhus. 
Info: www.art-telecom.fr 
Italien

--- Page 300 ---
56
    Säkerhet 
 
En ministeriell licens är obligatorisk för användning inomhus. Kontakta din 
återförsäljare för obligatorisk rutin. 
Det är inte tillåtet att använda denna enhet utomhus. 
Info: www.agcom.it 
Holland 
En licens är obligatorisk för användning utomhus. Kontakta din återförsäljare för 
obligatorisk rutin. 
Info: www.opta.nl 
RF-frekvenser för trådlösa LAN-enheter 
Kontakta relevant myndighet i ditt land för uppdaterad information. 
Frekvenser 
I enlighet med IEEE-standarden 802.11b+g är trådlösa LAN-adapters konstruerade 
för användning på frekvensbandet ISM (Industriellt, Vetenskapligt, Medicinskt) 
mellan 2,4 och 2,4835 GHz. Eftersom var och en av de 11 tillgängliga kanalerna 
kräver en DSSS (Direct Sequence Spread Spectrum)-bandbredd på 22 MHz, är 
maximalt tre fristående kanaler tillgängliga (t ex kanalerna 3, 8 och 11). I följande 
tabell hittar du de kanaler som kan användas i respektive land: 
Kanal  MHz  Europa, R&TTE  Frankrike, R&TTE 
1   2412   X    
2   2417   X    
3   2422   X    
4   2427   X    
5   2432   X    
6   2437   X    
7   2442   X    
8   2447   X    
9   2452   X    
10   2457   X   X  
11   2462   X   X

--- Page 301 ---
Säkerhet    
57
 
 
Bestämmelser ---- Ansvarsfrihet 
Ansvarfrihet gällande trådlösa LAN-enheter 
Installation och användning av trådlösa LAN-enheter måste ske i enlighet med de 
instruktioner som finns i användardokumentationen. Denna användardokumentation 
finns i produktpaketet. Eventuella modifieringar av enheten som inte uttryckligen 
godkänts av tillverkaren kan ogiltigförklara behörigheten till användning av enheten. 
Tillverkaren kommer inte att ansvara för eventuella mottagningsstörningar av radio- 
och TV-signaler, som ett resultat av obehöriga modifieringar av enheten eller genom 
byte eller installation av kablar och tillbehör som inte uttryckligen rekommenderats 
av tillverkaren. Det är användaren som bär hela ansvaret för felsökning av eventuell 
störning, som ett resultat av obehöriga modifieringar eller byte eller installation av 
komponenter. Varken tillverkaren eller dess auktoriserade återförsäljare eller 
distributörer är ansvariga för eventuell skada eller brott mot gällande lagstiftning, 
som är ett resultat av brott mot dessa Bestämmelser. 
 
Kassering av gamla enheter 
1.  Om produkten är märkt med en överkryssad papperskorg lyder 
den under EU-direktivet 2002/96/EC. 
2.  Alla elektriska och elektroniska enheter måste avyttras separat 
från hushållsavfallet vid offentligt anordnade insamlingsställen. 
3.  Undvik att skada miljön och undvik fara för din personliga hälsa 
genom att kassera enheten på rätt sätt. 
4.  Kontakta ditt kommunkontor, renhållningsverk eller butiken där du har köpt 
enheten, för mer information om korrekt kassering. 
 
Överensstämmelse 
CE-deklarationen om överensstämmelse kan hittas på 
www.service.targa.de
 och 
www.service.targa.co.uk.

--- Page 302 ---
58
    Ordlista 
 
Ordlista 
AGP (Accelerated Graphics Port) 
Den vanligaste typen av kortplats för 
bildskärmskort. Finns i 4 hastighetsnivåer: 1x 
= 264 MB/s, 2x = 528 MB/s, 4x = 1 056 MB/s, 
8x = 2 112 MB/s 
BIOS (Basic Input/Output System) 
BIOS är det mest grundläggande 
programmet i varje dator och finns lagrat i en 
krets på moderkortet. Här kan du justera 
grundläggande inställningar som t.ex. 
hårddiskparametrar, gränssnitt och 
energialternativ. BIOS-inställningarna har 
optimerats för normal användning på 
fabriken. Eftersom alla ändringar i dessa 
inställningar kan leda till en systemkrasch 
eller funktionsstörningar bör du läsa i 
användarhandboken eller fråga en 
datorexpert. 
Brandvägg 
Ett program som finns integrerat i 
kommunikationsvägen för att förhindra icke 
auktoriserad åtkomst från omvärlden till 
datorn.  En brandvägg gör normalt 
Internetkommunikationen säker.  
CD-R 
En tom CD som det går att spela in på en 
gång. 
CD-RW 
En tom CD som det går att spela in på flera 
gånger (ca 1000x) med en CD-brännare. 
CPU (Central Processing Unit) = 
Processor 
Processorn är själva kärnan i varje dator.  
Den finns installerad i ett uttag på 
moderkortet.  Processorn och frekvensen är 
de viktigaste faktorerna som styr datorns 
bearbetningshastighet. 
Dagens moderna högpresterande 
processorer behöver en kylfläkt.  
DDR-SDRAM (Double Data Rate-
SDRAM) 
DDR-SRAM är en mycket snabb typ av 
minne som kan överföra dubbelt så mycket 
data som vanliga SDRAM. 
DirectX 
Programmeringsgränssnitt för multimedia 
utvecklat av Microsoft.  Gör det möjligt för 
program – framför allt datorspel – att snabbt 
komma åt grafik-, ljud- och 
nätverksfunktioner samt spelmaskinvara som 
t.ex. styrspakar och rattar. 
DSL (Digital Subscriber Line) 
En digital abonnentlinje för överföring av data 
över vanliga telefonledningar med hög 
dataöverföringshastighet.  En DSL-anslutning 
är cirka tio gånger snabbare än ISDN. DSL 
kräver specialmodem. 
DVD-ROM (Digital Versatile Disc) 
Efterföljaren till CD-skivan och har samma 
storlek. En DVD kan bara läsas. Finns med 
olika kapacitet:  4,7 GB (DVD-5, enkelsidig), 
8,6 GB (DVD-9, dubbelsidig, två lager), 9,4 
GB (DVD-10, dubbelsidig för att vändas), 17 
GB (DVD-18, dubbelsidig, två lager). 
DVD-R 
En DVD som kan brännas en gång och läsas 
många gånger (obegränsat) med en 
kapacitet på 4,7 GB. 
DVD-RW 
En DVD som kan brännas många gånger 
(cirka 1000x) och läsas obegränsat antal 
gånger med en kapacitet på 4,7 GB. 
Ethernet 
Ethernet är världens mest använda 
nätverksinfrastruktur och har en maximal 
dataöverföringshastighet på 10 eller 100 
Mb/s för sammankoppling av olika datorer.

--- Page 303 ---
Ordlista    
59
 
 
FireWire, iLink, IEEE-1394 
IEEE-1394 är en industristandard för en 
seriell buss som tillhandahåller snabb 
dataöverföring. FireWire har blivit väldigt 
populärt framför allt för DV-tillämpningar 
(digital video). Den höga 
dataöverföringshastigheten på upp till 400 
Mb/s gör den idealisk för multimediadata.  
ISDN (Integrated Services Digital 
Network) 
Digitalt trådbundet nätverk. Den viktigaste 
noterbara skillnaden jämfört med det analoga 
telefonnätet är att ISDN överför digitala 
signaler.  
LAN (Local Area Network) 
Vanlig benämning för ett lokalt nätverk.  
Allmän åtkomst är normalt inte möjlig.  
Modem 
Din dator använder modemet för att ringa via 
det vanliga analoga telefonnätet och 
kommunicera med datorer på Internet.   
Moderkort 
På datorns moderkort finns uttag för 
processor, chipset, expansionsplatser, 
minnesbuss samt olika gränssnitt till 
omvärlden. 
Nätverk 
Ett nätverk är en grupp med datorer som 
kommunicerar med varandra. Internet är 
världens största nätverk. 
PCI Bus (Peripheral Component 
Interconnect) 
Den senaste teknologin för expansionskort i 
persondatorer med 32-bitars bussbredd och 
33 MHz klockfrekvens. Överföring kan ske i 
upp till 132 MB/s. 
Plug & Play eller PnP 
Kan översättas till "plugga in och kör". 
Datorteknologi där komponenterna 
konfigurerar sig själva automatiskt. Windows 
identifierar expansionskorten (t.ex. 
nätverkskort eller modem) automatiskt och 
utför alla nödvändiga inställningar.   
SPDIF 
SPDIF är förkortningen för "Sony/Philips 
Digital Interface". Representerar en 
kabelanslutningsstandard för digital ljuddata 
som har definierats av Sony och Philips. 
Genom att använda en SPDIF-kabel och -
kontakt kan du överföra musikdata mellan två 
ljudenheter.  Om en sådan medföljde måste 
du använda den tillhandahållna SPDIF-
kabeln.  
USB 
Förkortningen USB betyder "
U
niversal 
S
erial 
B
us". USB är ett enkelt men också universellt 
gränssnitt för nästa alla typer av enheter – 
från musen och tangentbordet, till styrspaken 
och spelkonsolen samt även för skannrar, 
modem, memory sticks, digitalkameror och 
MP3-spelare. 
VGA-kabel/anslutning 
VGA är förkortningen för 
V
ideo 
G
raphics 
A
dapter och representerar bildskärmskortet 
för din dator. På ett liknande sätt kallas även 
alla nödvändiga bildvisningskomponenter för 
VGA-komponenter.  
 
WHQL (Microsoft Windows Hardware 
Quality Labs) 
En certifieringsstandard för maskinvara som 
upprättats av Microsoft för test av flera olika 
kriterier (kompatibilitet, konfiguration, osv.) i 
ovannämnda laboratorium.  
Om produkten uppfyller dessa kriterier erhålls 
certifieringen "Microsoft WHQL-godkänd" och 
den är därigenom certifierad för användning 
med Windows. Alla Targa-datorer uppfyller 
dessa kvalitetskrav. 
 
WLAN – Trådlöst LAN 
WLAN är förkortningen för trådlöst LAN vilket 
innebär "trådlöst nätverk".

--- Page 304 ---
60
    Sakregister
 
 
 
Sakregister 
 
Ansluta en TV-apparat, 9 
Arbetsgrupp, 23 
Automatisk identifiering 
USB, 32 
Beamer, 10 
Bildskärmskort 
TV-utgång, 9 
BIOS, 38 
Borttagning av minneskort, 13 
Byte under drift 
FireWire, 32 
USB, 32 
CD-ROM 
Parkeringsläge, 7 
Compact Flash-kort, 12 
Dator 
Direkt anslutning, 21 
Namn, 23 
WLAN, 24 
Direkt anslutning, 21 
Drivrutin, 37 
DVD-ROM 
Parkeringsläge, 7 
Felsökning, 34 
FireWire 
Byte under drift, 32 
IEEE 1394, 32 
Plug & Play, 32 
Fjärranslutning 
Allmän information, 15 
Användarnamn, 19 
Internet, 15 
Lösenord, 19 
Flyttbara media, 13 
Första inställningen, 7 
Guiden konfigurera nätverk, 21 
IEEE 1394, 32 
Inbyggd programvara, 38 
Internet 
Fjärranslutning, 15 
Lösenord, 19 
Internetåtkomst, 19 
Korskopplad kabel, 21 
Kortläsare 
Allmän information, 12 
Borttagning av kort, 13 
CF-kort, 12 
Memory Stick, 12 
Microdrive, 12 
Överföring, 12 
SD-kort, 12 
SmartMedia, 12 
Kryptering 
WLAN, 28 
LAN 
Installation, 21 
Trådlöst, 24 
Manuell, 37 
Maskinvara 
WLAN, 24 
Memory Stick, 12 
Microdrive, 12 
Minneskort 
Borttagning, 13 
Modem 
Användarnamn, 19 
Fjärranslutning, 15 
Installation, 14 
Lösenord, 19 
Vägguttag för telefon, 14 
Nätverk 
Arbetsgrupp, 23 
Datornamn, 23 
Konfigurera automatiskt, 20 
Konfigurera med hjälp av guiden, 20 
SSID, 27 
Trådlöst, 24 
WLAN, allmänt, 24 
Överföra bilder, 12 
Överföring 
Minneskort, 12 
Plug & Play 
FireWire, 32 
USB, 32 
Projektor, 10 
Reservdelar, 37 
Säkerhet 
WLAN, 28 
Säkerhetskopiering 
Systemåterställning, 38 
SD-kort, 12 
Service, 34

--- Page 305 ---
Sakregister    
61
 
 
SmartMedia, 12 
SSID, 27 
Systemåterställning 
Allmän information, 38 
Återställning av ditt system, 40 
Återställningspunkter, 39 
Felsäkert läge, 42 
Grunderna, 39 
Skapa säkerhetskopior, 39 
Under normala driftsförhållanden, 40 
TCP/IP 
Guide, 20 
WLAN, 27 
Tillbehör, 37 
TP-kabel, 21 
TV-apparat 
Ansluta, 9 
Updatera 
BIOS, 38 
Uppdateringar, 37 
USB 
Äldre enheter, 32 
Byte under drift, 32 
Kompatibilitet, 32 
Plug & Play, 32 
USB 1,0, 31 
USB 1.1, 31 
USB 2,0, 31 
Vägguttag för telefon, 14 
Vanliga frågor och svar (FAQ), 37 
Video projector, 10 
WEP, 28 
Windows 
Arbetsgrupp, 23 
Datornamn, 23 
First Setup, 7 
Guiden konfigurera nätverk, 21 
WLAN, 24 
Allmänt, 24 
Konfiguration, 26 
Säkerhet, 28 
SSID, 27 
TCP/IP, 27 
WEP, 28

