--- Page 1 ---
User Guide
Yoga 7i (14″, 5) and Yoga 7i (15″, 5)

--- Page 2 ---
Read this first
Before using this documentation and the product it supports, ensure that you read and understand the 
following: 
•  Appendix A “Important safety information” on page 31
•  Safety and Warranty Guide
•  Setup Guide
First Edition (July 2021)
© Copyright Lenovo 2021. 
LIMITED AND RESTRICTED RIGHTS NOTICE: If data or software is delivered pursuant to a General Services 
Administration “GSA” contract, use, reproduction, or disclosure is subject to restrictions set forth in Contract No. GS- 
35F-05925.

--- Page 3 ---
Contents
About this guide .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . iii
Chapter 1.  Meet your computer .  .  .  .  . 1
Front .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  1
Base .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  2
Left .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  4
Right .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  5
Bottom .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  7
Features and specifications .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  8
Statement on USB transfer rate .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  9
Operating environment .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  10
Chapter 2.  Get started with your  
computer .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  11
Work with Windows .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  11
Windows help information .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  12
Lenovo Vantage and Lenovo PC Manager .  .  .  .  12
The Novo Button menu .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  12
Open the Novo Button menu .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  13
Yoga modes .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  13
Interact with your computer .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  14
Keyboard hotkeys .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  14
Numeric keypad .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  15
Use the multi-touch screen .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  15
Lenovo Digital Pen .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  17
Chapter 3.  Explore your computer .  .  19
Manage power .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  19
Check the battery status .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  19
Charge the battery .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  19
Check the battery temperature .  .  .  .  .  .  .  19
Set power button behavior.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  19
Change or create a power plan .  .  .  .  .  .  .  20
Set performance mode .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  20
Change settings in UEFI/BIOS setup utility .  .  .  .  20
What is UEFI/BIOS setup utility .  .  .  .  .  .  .  20
Open the UEFI/BIOS setup utility .  .  .  .  .  .  20
Change the startup sequence .  .  .  .  .  .  .  20
Change hotkey mode.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  20
Enable or disable always-on .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  20
Set passwords in UEFI/BIOS setup utility .  .  .  .  .  21
Password types .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  21
Set administrator password .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  21
Change or remove administrator password .  .  21
Set user password .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  22
Enable power-on password .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  22
Set hard disk password .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  22
Change or remove hard disk password .  .  .  .  23
Intelligent features .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  23
Super resolution .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  23
Enable or disable Flip to Boot .  .  .  .  .  .  .  23
Chapter 4.  Help and support .  .  .  .  .  25
Frequently asked questions .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  25
Self-help resources .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  25
What is a CRU? .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  26
CRUs for your product model .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  27
Call Lenovo .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  28
Before you contact Lenovo .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  28
Lenovo Customer Support Center .  .  .  .  .  .  28
Purchase additional services.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  29
Appendix A.  Important safety  
information .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  31
Appendix B.  Accessibility and 
ergonomic information .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  43
Appendix C.  Compliance  
information .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  45
Appendix D.  Notices and  
trademarks .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  57
© Copyright Lenovo 2021 i

--- Page 5 ---
About this guide
•  This guide applies to Lenovo product model(s) listed below. Illustrations in this guide may look slightly 
different from your product model. 
Model name
Machine type (MT)
Yoga 7 14ITL5 82BH
Yoga 7 15ITL5 82BJ
•  For further compliance information, refer to the Generic Safety and Compliance Notices at https:// 
pcsupport.lenovo.com/docs/generic_notices
.
•  This guide may contain information about accessories, features, and software that are not available on all 
models.
•  This guide contains instructions that are based on the Windows operating system. These instructions are 
not applicable if you install and use other operating systems.
•  Microsoft
® 
makes periodic feature changes to the Windows
® 
operating system through Windows Update. 
As a result, the operating system related instructions may become outdated. Refer to Microsoft resources 
for the latest information.
•  The content of the guide is subject to change without notice. To obtain the latest version, go to 
https:// 
support.lenovo.com
.
© Copyright Lenovo 2021 iii

--- Page 7 ---
Chapter 1. Meet your computer
Front
Figure 1. Front view
1. Microphones
Capture or record sound and voice.
2. Camera Capture still and moving images for taking photos, recording videos, 
and video chatting.
3. Camera cover slider
Move the slider to cover or uncover the camera lens. 
Note: The camera cover helps you better protect your privacy.
4. Camera light If the light is on, the camera is in use.
5. Ambient light sensor * Detect the amount of light in the environment and adjust the backlight 
of the display accordingly.
6. Screen Display text, graphics, and videos. Selected models support multi- 
touch function.
* for selected models
© Copyright Lenovo 2021 1

--- Page 8 ---
Base
Figure 2. Base view—Yoga 7 14ITL5
Figure 3. Base view—Yoga 7 15ITL5
2 User Guide

--- Page 9 ---
1. Wireless antennas Send and receive radio waves for the built-in wireless LAN (local area 
network) and Bluetooth module. 
Notes: 
•  The antennas are not visible from the outside of the computer.
•  If the location of the antennas is close to the user’s body (< 20 cm), 
you can find the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) values in the Setup 
Guide that comes with your computer.
2. Speakers
Produce sound.
3. Numeric keypad To enable or disable the numeric keypad, press the Num Lock key.
4. Fingerprint reader Enroll and read your fingerprint for user authentication.
5. Touchpad Perform finger touch and all the functions of a traditional mouse. 
Note: The touchpad also supports multi-touch function.
6. Keyboard Enter characters and interact with programs. 
Note: The keyboard also includes hotkeys and function keys for 
changing settings and performing tasks quickly.
Chapter 1. Meet your computer 3

--- Page 10 ---
Left
Figure 4. Left view
1. Power connector/Thunderbolt
™
4 
connector 
•  Connect to power with the included power cord and ac power 
adapter.
•  Connect external display, storage, or data devices. 
Note: An appropriate adapter may be needed for connecting 
external devices.
2. Charging light
Indicate whether the computer is connected to ac power. 
•  Solid white: Connected to ac power; battery capacity 91%–100%
•  Solid amber: Connected to ac power; battery capacity 1%–90%
•  Off: Not connected to ac power
3. Thunderbolt
™ 
4 connector
•  Connect to power with the included power cord and ac power 
adapter.
•  Connect external display, storage, or data devices. 
Note: An appropriate adapter may be needed for connecting 
external devices.
4. Combo audio jack Connect to headphones or headsets with a 3.5 mm (0.14 inch), 4-pole 
plug. 
Note: This jack does not support standalone external microphones. If 
you use headsets, choose one with a single plug.
4 User Guide

--- Page 11 ---
Right
Figure 5. Right view—Yoga 7 14ITL5
Figure 6. Right view—Yoga 7 15ITL5
Chapter 1. Meet your computer 5

--- Page 12 ---
1. USB (3.2 Gen 1) Type-A connector Connect to a USB-compatible device, such as a USB keyboard, a 
USB mouse, a USB storage device, or a USB printer.
2. USB (3.2 Gen 1) Type-A connector 
(always-on)
The always-on connector can charge external devices when the 
computer is turned off, in sleep or hibernation mode. The always-on 
function can be turned on or off in the UEFI/BIOS setup utility. 
Note: If Lenovo Vantage is pre-installed on your computer, you can 
also set always-on function from within that software.
3. Power button Press the button to turn on the computer or put the computer into 
sleep mode. 
Note: You can turn on the computer by flipping open the LCD screen 
if Flip to Boot is enabled.
4. Power light
•  On: The computer is turned on.
•  Off: The computer is turned off or in hibernation mode.
•  Blinking: The computer is in sleep mode.
6 User Guide

--- Page 13 ---
Bottom
Figure 7. Bottom view
1. Novo button hole Press the Novo button to open the Novo Button menu. From the 
menu, you can choose to open the UEFI/BIOS setup utility, the Boot 
menu, or the Windows startup options screen.
2. Ventilation slots (inlet) Maintain the incoming airflow to dissipate internal heat.  
Attention: Do not block the ventilation slots. Otherwise, the 
computer may overheat.
Chapter 1. Meet your computer 7

--- Page 14 ---
Features and specifications
Dimensions
•  Yoga 7 14ITL5 
–  Width: 320.4 mm (12.61 inches)
–  Depth: 214.6 mm (8.44 inches)
–  Thickness 
–  Thickest: 17.7 mm (0.69 inches)
–  Thinnest: 15.68 mm (0.61 inches)
•  Yoga 7 15ITL5 
–  Width: 356.46 mm (14.03 inches)
–  Depth: 235.65 mm (9.27 inches)
–  Thickness 
–  Thickest: 19.25 mm (0.75 inches)
–  Thinnest: 17.97 mm (0.70 inches)
ac power adapter 
•  Input: 100 V ac–240 V ac, 50 Hz–60 Hz
•  Output: 20 V dc, 3.25 A
•  Power: 65 W
Battery pack
•  Capacity: 71 Wh
•  Number of cells: 4
Microprocessor To view the microprocessor information of your computer, type system information in the 
Windows search box and then press Enter.
Memory
•  Type: Double data rate 4 (DDR4) on board
•  Number of slots: 0
Storage device
•  Type: Solid-state drive
•  Form factor:  
–  M.2 (2242)
–  M.2 (2280)
•  Bus: PCI Express
Screen
•  Yoga 7 14ITL5 
–  Size: 355.6 mm (14 inches)
–  Display resolution 
–  1920 × 1080 pixels (FHD model)
•  Yoga 7 15ITL5 
–  Size: 396.24 mm (15.6 inches)
–  Display resolution 
–  1920 × 1080 pixels (FHD model)
8 User Guide

--- Page 15 ---
Keyboard
•  Function keys
•  Hotkeys
•  Numeric keypad
•  Keyboard backlight
Connectors and slots
•  Combo audio jack
•  USB Type-A connector *
•  USB Type-A connector (with Always-On function)
•  Thunderbolt 4 connector × 2 
–  Support data transfer rates up to 10 Gbps for USB 3.2 Gen 2
–  Support data transfer rates up to 40 Gbps for Thunderbolt 4
–  Provide power output up to 5 V and 3 A
–  Support DisplayPort 1.4 
–  To VGA: Maximum 1920 × 1200 pixels, 60 Hz
–  To DP: Maximum 5120 × 3200 pixels, 60 Hz
–  To HDMI: Maximum 3840 × 2160 pixels, 60 Hz
Security features
•  Fingerprint reader
•  UEFI/BIOS passwords 
–  Administrator password
–  User password
–  Master hard disk password
–  User hard disk password
Wireless features
•  Bluetooth
•  Wireless LAN
* for Yoga 7 15ITL5 only
Note: The battery capacity is the typical or average capacity as measured in a specific test environment. 
Capacities measured in other environments may differ but are no lower than the rated capacity (see product 
label).
Statement on USB transfer rate
Depending on many factors such as the processing capability of the host and peripheral devices, file 
attributes, and other factors related to system configuration and operating environments, the actual transfer 
rate using the various USB connectors on this device will vary and will be slower than the data rate listed 
below for each corresponding device.
USB device Data rate (Gbit/s)
3.2 Gen 1
5
3.2 Gen 2
10
3.2 Gen 2 × 2
20
Chapter 1. Meet your computer 9

--- Page 16 ---
Operating environment
Maximum altitude (without pressurization)
3048 m (10 000 ft)
Temperature
•  At altitudes up to 2438 m (8000 ft) 
–  Operating: 5°C to 35°C (41°F to 95°F)
–  Storage: 5°C to 43°C (41°F to 109°F)
•  At altitudes above 2438 m (8000 ft) 
–  Maximum temperature when operating under the unpressurized condition: 31.3°C (88°F)
Note: When you charge the battery, its temperature must be no lower than 10°C (50°F).
Relative humidity
•  Operating: 8% to 95% at wet-bulb temperature 23°C (73°F)
•  Storage: 5% to 95% at wet-bulb temperature 27°C (81°F)
10
User Guide

--- Page 17 ---
Chapter 2. Get started with your computer
Work with Windows
The following table contains Windows frequently used settings. You can learn the basics and start working 
with Windows right away.
To configure settings, type the corresponding keywords in the Windows search box and select the best 
match. Follow the on-screen instructions to customize settings.
Table 1.  Basic settings
Functions Descriptions
Search by 
keywords
Control Panel View or change Windows settings, including hardware and software setup 
and configuration.
Control Panel
Connect to Wi-Fi 
networks
For models with a wireless LAN module, you can connect your computer to 
a Wi-Fi
® 
network. Click the network icon in the Windows notification area, 
and then select a network for connection. 
Note: The wireless LAN module on your computer may support different 
standards. For some countries or regions, use of 802.11ax may be disabled 
according to local regulations.
Wi-Fi
Airplane mode Airplane mode is a convenient setting to turn all wireless communications of 
your computer on and off. You may need to turn it on when boarding an 
airplane.
Airplane mode
Night light mode Night light is a switch in Windows that you can turn on and off. When it is 
turned on, your screen shows warmer colors and the amount of emitted 
blue light is reduced. Enabling night light reduces the chances of developing 
eye fatigue or eye strain. 
Note: For more guidance on reducing eye fatigue or eye strain, go to 
https://www.lenovo.com/us/en/compliance/visual-fatigue.
Night light
Adjust color 
temperature
If night light mode is turned on, you can adjust the color temperature of the 
screen. 
Note: Selected Lenovo computers are low blue light certified. These 
computers are tested with night light turned on and color temperature set to 
the default value of 48.
Night light
Windows 
Updates
Microsoft periodically releases feature and security updates to the Windows 
operating system. Updates that are applicable to your Windows version are 
downloaded automatically when your computer is connected to the 
Internet. When updates are downloaded, you are prompted to restart the 
computer to install these updates. You can also manually check if there are 
available updates for the installed version of Windows. 
Attention: Only use Windows Update to download and install updates. 
Updates downloaded from other sources may include security risks.
Windows Updates
© Copyright Lenovo 2021 11

--- Page 18 ---
Table 2.  Optional settings
Functions Descriptions
Search by 
keywords
Enroll your 
fingerprint
For models with a fingerprint reader, you can enroll your fingerprint for 
Windows sign-in.
Sign-in options
Touch keyboard In stand, tent, or tablet mode, the physical keyboard of your computer is 
disabled to prevent inadvertent typing. In these three modes, Windows 
touch keyboard is automatically displayed when text input is required. If not, 
select the touch keyboard icon (
) in the Windows notification area.
Touch keyboard
Tablet mode Windows provides a tablet mode that makes touch operations more user- 
friendly. When rotating your computer screen to switch to tablet, stand, or 
tent mode, you will be prompted to switch to Windows tablet mode. You 
can also select the tablet mode icon in the Windows notification area to turn 
on or off Windows tablet mode manually.
Tablet mode
Screen rotation 
lock
In stand, tent, or tablet mode, auto rotation is turned on so that the 
orientation of the screen changes based on how you place or hold the 
computer. To keep the screen in a fixed orientation, you can select the 
rotation lock icon in the Windows notification area to turn on rotation lock. 
Note: Rotation lock is disabled in notebook mode.
—
Windows help information
If the on-screen instructions cannot solve your problem, refer to the following to get the online Windows help 
information.
•  Type Get Help or Tips in the Windows search box and then press Enter. When the app opens, type the 
problem description and select the matched result.
•  Visit Microsoft support Web site: 
https://support.microsoft.com. Enter what you are looking for in the 
search box and get search results.
Lenovo Vantage and Lenovo PC Manager
Lenovo Vantage and Lenovo PC Manager is software developed by Lenovo. Using the software, you can:
•  View product information
•  View warranty and support information
•  Run hardware scan and diagnose problems
•  Change hardware settings
•  Update Windows, drivers, and UEFI/BIOS
Lenovo Vantage or PC Manager may be pre-installed on your computer. To open it, enter the software name 
in Windows Search and select the matched result.
Note: If Lenovo Vantage is not pre-installed, you can download it from Microsoft Store.
The Novo Button menu
The Novo Button menu can be displayed before the operating system starts. From the menu, you can 
choose to
•  Open the BIOS/UEFI setup utility
•  Open the boot device selection menu
12
User Guide

--- Page 19 ---
• Open the Windows startup options screen
From the Windows startup options screen, you can then choose to
• Continue: Exit and continue to Windows 
• Use a device: Use a USB drive, network connection or Windows recovery DVD
• Troubleshoot: Reset your computer or see advanced options
• Turn off your PC
Open the Novo Button menu
For Lenovo computers with a Novo button, you can press the button to open the Novo Button menu.
Step 1.  Turn off the computer.
Step 2.  Open the LCD screen and press the Novo button.
Note: Alternatively, turn off the computer. Press Fn and the power button to open the Novo Button menu.
Yoga modes
The screen of your computer can open up to an angle of 360 degrees, enabling you to use your computer for 
different purposes.
Mode
Suitable for
Notebook mode 
• Entering text
• Drag and drop operations using the touchpad
Stand mode 
• Giving a presentation
• Viewing a slide show
Chapter 2. Get started with your computer 13

--- Page 20 ---
Mode Suitable for
Tent mode 
Watching movies
Tablet mode 
Playing touch-enabled games
Interact with your computer
Keyboard hotkeys
Some keys on the keyboard are printed with icons. These keys are called hotkeys and can be pressed alone 
or in combination with the Fn key to open certain apps or change certain settings quickly. The functions of 
the hotkeys are symbolized by the icons printed on them.
Hotkey Function
Mute/Unmute sound.
Decrease/Increase system volume.
Mute/Unmute the microphone.
Turn airplane mode on and off.
Open the Windows Settings app.
Open the Windows Calculator app.
14 User Guide

--- Page 21 ---
Hotkey Function
Open the Windows screenshot tool.
Display thumbnails of all open apps.
Open Lenovo Vantage, Lenovo PC Manager, or an app launch bar.
Lock the screen.
Switch display devices.
Increase/Decrease screen brightness.
Play or pause playback of media.
Stop playback of media.
Go the next media file in the playlist or folder.
Go to the previous media file in the playlist or folder.
Turn on/off or adjust the brightness of the keyboard backlight. 
Note: This hotkey must be used with the Fn key.
The FnLock switch
The FnLock is a switch that reverses the default and hidden function of a hotkey. The following table 
provides an example of how the FnLock switch changes the default function of the F1 key.
FnLock FnLock light Default function of the F1 key
Off Off Mute/Unmute sound
On On F1 function *
Note: The F1 function is application-dependent. It may have no function if the active application does not 
have a definition for the key.
The FnLock switch shares the ESC key (in the upper left corner of the keyboard). To turn it on or off, press Fn 
+ ESC.
Numeric keypad
Some Lenovo computers includes a dedicated numeric keypad on the far right of the keyboard. The keypad 
is used for entering numbers and operators quickly.
Press the NumLock key to enable or disable the numeric keypad.
Use the multi-touch screen
If your computer screen supports multi-touch function, you can navigate the screen with simple touch 
gestures.
Note: Not all gestures are available on all apps.
Chapter 2. Get started with your computer 15

--- Page 22 ---
Tap once
•  From the Start menu: Open an app or item.
•  From the desktop: Select an app or item.
•  In an open app: Perform an action such as Copy, Save, and 
Delete, depending on the app.
Tap twice quickly
Open an app or item from the desktop.
Tap and hold
Open a shortcut menu.
Slide
Scroll through items, such as lists, pages, and photos.
Drag an item to the location you want
Move an object.
Move two fingers closer together
Zoom out.
Move two fingers farther apart
Zoom in.
16 User Guide

--- Page 23 ---
Swipe in from the right edge
Open the action center to see your notifications and quick actions.
Swipe in from the left edge
View all your open windows in task view.
•  Swipe downwards shortly from the top edge (for full-screened 
app or when your computer is in the tablet mode)
Show a hidden title bar.
•  Swipe in from the top edge to the bottom edge (when your 
computer is in the tablet mode)
Close the current app.
Lenovo Digital Pen
Selected models are equipped with Lenovo Digital Pen. The pen is not waterproof. Keep the pen away from 
water and excessive moisture. To purchase Lenovo Digital Pen, go to 
https://www.lenovo.com/accessories.
Install the AAAA battery
Lenovo Digital Pen uses AAAA battery. The AAAA battery is provided in some countries or regions. 
Use Lenovo Digital Pen
1  Top button
2  Bottom button
Chapter 2. Get started with your computer 17

--- Page 24 ---
You can perform the following operations with the Lenovo Digital Pen: 
Tap once
Click or make a selection. 
Tap twice quickly
Open an app or item from the desktop.
Tap and hold
Right-click
Hold the Top button 
1  and tap the screen
Right-click.
Hold the Bottom button  2  and tap the screen 
Erase ink in supported applications. 
Note: The default function of each pen button might vary in different apps.
Pen settings
You can change the pen related settings in Lenovo Pen Settings.
Step 1.  In Windows search box, type Lenovo Pen Settings. 
Step 2.  Enter Lenovo Pen Settings window and change.
18
User Guide

--- Page 25 ---
Chapter 3. Explore your computer
Manage power
Use the information in this section to achieve the best balance between performance and power efficiency.
Check the battery status
The battery status icon  or  is in the Windows notification area. You can check the battery status, view 
the current power plan, and access battery settings quickly.
Click the battery status icon to display the percentage of battery power remaining and change the power 
mode. A warning message is displayed when the battery is low.
Charge the battery
When the remaining battery power is low, charge your battery by connecting your computer to ac power.
The battery is fully charged in about two to four hours. The actual charging time depends on the battery 
capacity, the physical environment, and whether you are using the computer.
Battery charging is also affected by its temperature. The recommended temperature range for charging the 
battery is between 10°C (50°F) and 35°C (95°F).
Note: 
To maximize the life of the battery, once the battery is fully charged, it must discharge to 94% or lower 
before it will be allowed to recharge again.
To extend your battery’s lifespan, the battery may optimize its full charge capacity based on your usage. 
After prolonged periods of limited use, full battery capacity may not be available until you discharge to as 
low as 20% and recharge completely. For more information, refer to the power section of Lenovo 
Vantage.
Check the battery temperature
You can check the battery temperature in Lenovo Vantage or Lenovo PC Manager.
Step 1.  Open Lenovo Vantage.
Step 2.  Click Device ➙ My Device Settings ➙ Power.
Step 3.  Click SEE BATTERY DETAILS and then view the battery temperature.
Note: If you’re using Lenovo PC Manager, select System hardware ➙ Battery.
Set power button behavior
By default, pressing the power button puts the computer to sleep mode. However, you can change the 
power button behavior in Windows Control Panel.
Step 1.  Type Control Panel in the Windows search box and then press Enter. Open the control panel and 
view by large or small icons.
Step 2.  Select the power options and then click choose what the power button does.
© Copyright Lenovo 2021 19

--- Page 26 ---
Change or create a power plan
A power plan is a set of power saving settings. You can choose a pre-defined power plan or you can create 
your own plans.
Step 1.  Type power plan in the Windows search box and then press Enter.
Step 2.  Customize a power plan of your preference.
Set performance mode
Your computer can work in different performance modes. The performance and power consumption of the 
computer vary in different performance modes. Press Fn + Q to cycle through different performance modes. 
Change settings in UEFI/BIOS setup utility
This section introduces what is UEFI/BIOS and the operations you can perform in its setup utility.
What is UEFI/BIOS setup utility
UEFI/BIOS is the first program that runs when a computer starts. UEFI/BIOS initializes hardware components 
and loads the operating system and other programs. Your computer may include a setup program (setup 
utility) with which you can change certain UEFI/BIOS settings.
Open the UEFI/BIOS setup utility
Step 1.  Turn on or restart the computer.
Step 2.  When the Lenovo logo appears on the screen, press F2 repeatedly. 
Note: For computers with hotkey mode enabled, press Fn + F2.
Change the startup sequence
You may need to change the startup sequence to allow the computer to start from another device or a 
network location.
Step 1.  Open the UEFI/BIOS setup utility.
Step 2.  Navigate to the Boot menu.
Step 3.  Follow on-screen instructions to change the order of devices under Boot Priority Order.
Note: You can also change startup sequence temporarily without opening the setup utility. To do so, start 
the computer. When the Lenovo logo appears, press F12 (or Fn + F12) repeatedly.
Change hotkey mode
Step 1.  Open the UEFI/BIOS setup utility.
Step 2.  Select Configuration ➙ Hotkey Mode and press Enter.
Step 3.  Change the setting to Disabled or Enabled.
Step 4.  Select Exit ➙ Exit Saving Changes.
Enable or disable always-on
For some Lenovo computers with always-on connectors, the always-on function can be enabled or disabled 
in the UEFI/BIOS setup utility.
20
User Guide

--- Page 27 ---
Step 1.  Open the UEFI/BIOS setup utility.
Step 2.  Select Configuration ➙ Always On USB and press Enter.
Step 3.  Change the setting to Disabled or Enabled.
Step 4.  Select Exit ➙ Exit Saving Changes.
Set passwords in UEFI/BIOS setup utility
This section introduces the types of passwords that you can set in the UEFI (Unified Extensible Firmware 
Interface) or BIOS (Basic Input/Output System) setup utility.
Password types
You can set various types of passwords in the UEFI/BIOS setup utility.
Password type Pre-requisite Usage
Administrator password No You must enter it to start the setup 
utility.
User password The administrator password must be 
set.
You can use the user password to 
start the setup utility.
Master hard disk password No You must enter it to start the 
operating system.
User hard disk password The master hard disk password must 
be set.
You can use the user hard disk 
password to start the operating 
system.
Notes: 
•  All passwords set in the setup utility consist of alphanumeric characters only.
•  If you start the setup utility using the user password, you can only change a few settings.
Set administrator password
You set the administrator password to prevent unauthorized access to the UEFI/BIOS setup utility. 
Attention: If you forget the administrator password, a Lenovo authorized service personnel cannot reset 
your password. You must take your computer to a Lenovo authorized service personnel to have the system 
board replaced. Proof of purchase is required and a fee will be charged for parts and service.
Step 1.  Open the UEFI/BIOS setup utility.
Step 2.  Select Security ➙ Set Administrator Password and press Enter.
Step 3.  Enter a password string that contains only letters and numbers and then press Enter
Step 4.  Enter the password again and press Enter.
Step 5.  Select Exit ➙ Exit Saving Changes.
Next time you start the computer, you must enter the administrator password to open the setup utility. If 
Power on Password is enabled, you must enter the administrator password or the user password to start 
the computer.
Change or remove administrator password
Only the administrator can change or remove the administrator password.
Chapter 3. Explore your computer 21

--- Page 28 ---
Step 1.  Open the UEFI/BIOS setup utility using the administrator password.
Step 2.  Select Security ➙ Set Administrator Password and press Enter.
Step 3.  Enter the current password.
Step 4.  In the Enter New Password text box, enter the new password.
Step 5.  In the Confirm New Password text box, enter the new password again. 
Note: If you want to remove the password, press Enter in both text boxes without entering any 
character.
Step 6.  Select Exit ➙ Exit Saving Changes.
If you remove the administrator password, the user password is also removed.
Set user password
You must set the administrator password before you can set the user password.
The administrator of the setup utility might need to set a user password for use by others.
Step 1.  Open the UEFI/BIOS setup utility using the administrator password.
Step 2.  Select Security ➙ Set User Password and press Enter.
Step 3.  Enter a password string that contains only letters and numbers and then press Enter. The user 
password must be different from the administrator password.
Step 4.  Enter the password again and press Enter.
Step 5.  Select Exit ➙ Exit Saving Changes.
Enable power-on password
If the administrator password has been set, you can enable power-on password to enforce greater security.
Step 1.  Open the UEFI/BIOS setup utility.
Step 2.  Select Security ➙ Power on Password and press Enter. 
Note: The administrator password must be set in advance.
Step 3.  Change the setting to Enabled.
Step 4.  Select Exit ➙ Exit Saving Changes.
If power-on password is enabled, a prompt appears on the screen every time you turn on the computer. You 
must enter the administrator or user password to start the computer.
Set hard disk password
You can set a hard disk password in the setup utility to prevent unauthorized access to your data. 
Attention: Be extremely careful when setting a hard disk password. If you forget the hard disk password, a 
Lenovo authorized service personnel cannot reset your password or recover data from the hard disk. You 
must take your computer to a Lenovo authorized service personnel to have the hard disk drive replaced. 
Proof of purchase is required and a fee will be charged for parts and service.
Step 1.  Open the UEFI/BIOS setup utility.
Step 2.  Select Security ➙ Set Hard Disk Password and press Enter. 
22
User Guide

--- Page 29 ---
Note: If you start the setup utility using the user password, you cannot set hard disk password.
Step 3.  Follow on-screen instructions to set both master and user passwords. 
Note: The master and user hard disk passwords must be set at the same time.
Step 4.  Select Exit ➙ Exit Saving Changes.
If the hard disk password is set, you must provide the correct password to start the operating system.
Change or remove hard disk password
Step 1.  Open the UEFI/BIOS setup utility.
Step 2.  Select Security.
Step 3.  Change or remove the hard disk password. 
To change or remove master password, select Change Master Password and press Enter. 
Note: If you remove the master hard disk password, the user hard disk password is also removed.
To change user password, select Change User Password and press Enter. 
Note: The user hard disk password cannot be removed separately.
Step 4.  Select Exit ➙ Exit Saving Changes.
Intelligent features
Super resolution
This feature enhances the playback experience by improving the video resolution with deep learning by using 
the capabilities of Intel processors. It works especially well in cases where the source video has poor 
resolution.
For most players, super resolution can be enabled or disabled in Lenovo Vantage or the Lenovo PC 
Manager, but for KMPlayer and PotPlayer, you need to enable this feature manually.
KMPlayer
Step 1.  Open Control Panel.
Step 2.  Select Preferences ➙ Video Processing ➙ Video Renderer ➙ EVR.
PotPlayer
Show main menu and click Video ➙ Video Renderer ➙ EVR (Vista/.Net3).
Enable or disable Flip to Boot
If Flip to Boot is enabled, you can turn on the computer by flipping open the LCD screen.
Step 1.  Open Lenovo Vantage.
Step 2.  Click Device ➙ My Device Settings ➙ Power settings ➙ Flip to boot to change the setting. 
Note: You can also change the setting for Flip to Boot in Lenovo PC Manager, or open the UEFI/ 
BIOS setup utility and then select Configuration to change.
Chapter 3. Explore your computer 23

--- Page 31 ---
Chapter 4. Help and support
Frequently asked questions
How do I partition my storage 
drive?
Refer to 
https://support.lenovo.com/solutions/ht503851
What should I do if my computer 
stops responding.
Press and hold the power button until the computer turns off. Then restart the 
computer.
What should I do if I spill liquid on 
the computer?
1.  Carefully unplug the ac power adapter and turn off the computer immediately. 
The more quickly you stop the current from passing through the computer the 
more likely you will reduce damage from short circuits.  
Attention: Although you might lose some data or work by turning off the 
computer immediately, leaving the computer on might make your computer 
unusable.
2.  Wait until you are certain that all the liquid is dry before turning on your 
computer. 
CAUTION: 
Do not try to drain out the liquid by turning over the computer. If your 
computer has keyboard drainage holes on the bottom, the liquid will be 
drained out through the holes.
Where can I get the latest device 
drivers and UEFI/BIOS?
•  Lenovo Vantage or Lenovo PC Manager
•  Lenovo Support Web site at 
https://support.lenovo.com
Self-help resources
Use the following self-help resources to learn more about the computer and troubleshoot problems.
Resources How to access?
Troubleshooting and frequently asked questions
• 
https://www.lenovo.com/tips
•  https://forums.lenovo.com
Accessibility information
https://www.lenovo.com/accessibility
Reset or restore Windows
•  Use Lenovo recovery options. 
1.  Go to 
https://support.lenovo.com/ 
HowToCreateLenovoRecovery
.
2.  Follow the on-screen instructions.
•  Use Windows recovery options. 
1.  Go to 
https://pcsupport.lenovo.com.
2.  Detect your computer or manually select your 
computer model.
3.  Click Diagnostics ➙ Operating System 
Diagnostics and then follow the on-screen 
instructions.
© Copyright Lenovo 2021 25

--- Page 32 ---
Resources How to access?
Use Lenovo Vantage or Lenovo PC Manager to: 
•  Download and install the latest drivers and firmware.
•  Configure hardware settings
•  Diagnose computer hardware problems.
•  Check the computer warranty status.
Use Windows Search.
Product documentation: 
• 
Generic Safety and Compliance Notices
•  Safety and Warranty Guide
•  Setup Guide
•  This User Guide
•  Regulatory Notice
1.  Go to 
https://support.lenovo.com.
2.  Detect your computer or select computer model 
manually.
3.  Select Documentation and filter out the 
documentation you want.
Lenovo Support Web site with the latest support 
information of the following: 
•  Drivers and software
•  Diagnostic solutions
•  Product and service warranty
•  Product and parts details
•  Knowledge base and frequently asked questions
Visit 
https://support.lenovo.com
Windows help information
•  Use Get Help or Tips.
•  Use Windows Search or the Cortana
® 
personal 
assistant.
•  Microsoft support Web site: 
https:// 
support.microsoft.com
What is a CRU?
Customer replaceable units (CRUs) are parts that can be upgraded or replaced by the customer. A Lenovo 
computer may contain the following types of CRUs:
Self-service CRU
Parts that can be installed or replaced easily by 
customer themselves or by trained service 
technicians at an additional cost.
Optional-service CRU
Parts that can be installed or replaced by customers 
with a greater skill level. Trained service technicians 
can also provide service to install or replace the 
parts under the type of warranty designated for the 
customer’s machine.
If you intend to install a CRU, Lenovo will ship the CRU to you. You might be required to return the defective 
part that is replaced by the CRU. When return is required: (1) return instructions, a prepaid shipping label, 
and a container will be included with the replacement CRU; and (2) you might be charged for the 
replacement CRU if Lenovo does not receive the defective CRU within thirty (30) days of your receipt of the 
replacement CRU. For full details, see the Lenovo Limited Warranty at 
https://www.lenovo.com/warranty/llw_ 
02
.
26
User Guide

--- Page 33 ---
CRUs for your product model
The table below lists the CRUs and CRU types that are defined for your product model.
Part
Self-service CRU Optional-service CRU
Power cord X
ac power adapter X
Lenovo Digital Pen * X
* for selected models
Note: CRU replacement instruction is provided in one or more of the following publications and are available 
from Lenovo at any time upon your request. 
the product User Guide
the printed publications that came with the product
Chapter 4. Help and support 27

--- Page 34 ---
Call Lenovo
If you have tried to correct the problem yourself and still need help, you can call Lenovo Customer Support 
Center.
Before you contact Lenovo
Record product information and problem details before you contact Lenovo.
Product information Problem symptoms and details
•  Product name
•  Machine type and serial number
•  What is the problem? Is it continuous or intermittent?
•  Any error message or error code?
•  What operating system are you using? Which version?
•  Which software applications were running at the time 
of the problem?
•  Can the problem be reproduced? If so, how?
Note: The product name and serial number can usually be found on the bottom of the computer, either 
printed on a label or etched on the cover.
Lenovo Customer Support Center
During the warranty period, you can call Lenovo Customer Support Center for help.
Telephone numbers
For a list of the Lenovo Support phone numbers for your country or region, go to 
https:// 
pcsupport.lenovo.com/supportphonelist
.
Note: Phone numbers are subject to change without notice. If the number for your country or region is not 
provided, contact your Lenovo reseller or Lenovo marketing representative.
Services available during the warranty period
•  Problem determination - Trained personnel are available to assist you with determining if you have a 
hardware problem and deciding what action is necessary to fix the problem.
•  Lenovo hardware repair - If the problem is determined to be caused by Lenovo hardware under warranty, 
trained service personnel are available to provide the applicable level of service.
•  Engineering change management - Occasionally, there might be changes that are required after a product 
has been sold. Lenovo or your reseller, if authorized by Lenovo, will make selected Engineering Changes 
(ECs) that apply to your hardware available.
Services not covered
•  Replacement or use of parts not manufactured for or by Lenovo or nonwarranted parts
•  Identification of software problem sources
•  Configuration of UEFI/BIOS as part of an installation or upgrade
•  Changes, modifications, or upgrades to device drivers
•  Installation and maintenance of network operating systems (NOS)
•  Installation and maintenance of programs
For the terms and conditions of the Lenovo Limited Warranty that apply to your Lenovo hardware product, 
see “Warranty information” in the Safety and Warranty Guide that comes with your computer.
28
User Guide

--- Page 35 ---
Purchase additional services
During and after the warranty period, you can purchase additional services from Lenovo at https:// 
pcsupport.lenovo.com/warrantyupgrade
.
Service availability and service name might vary by country or region.
Chapter 4. Help and support 29

--- Page 37 ---
Appendix A. Important safety information
Safety notices
This information can help you safely use your computer. Follow and retain all information included with your 
computer. The information in this document does not alter the terms of your purchase agreement or the 
Limited Warranty. For more information, see "Warranty Information" in the Safety and Warranty Guide that 
comes with your computer.
Customer safety is important. Our products are developed to be safe and effective. However, personal 
computers are electronic devices. Power cords, power adapters, and other features can create potential 
safety risks that can result in physical injury or property damage, especially if misused. To reduce these risks, 
follow the instructions included with your product, observe all warnings on the product and in the operating 
instructions, and review the information included in this document carefully. By carefully following the 
information contained in this document and provided with your product, you can help protect yourself from 
hazards and create a safer computer work environment.
Note: This information includes references to power adapters and batteries. In addition, some products 
(such as speakers and monitors) ship with external power adapters. If you have such a product, this 
information applies to your product. In addition, computer products contain a coin-sized internal battery that 
provides power to the system clock even when the computer is unplugged, so the battery safety information 
applies to all computer products.
Important information about using your computer
Ensure that you follow the important tips given here to get the most use and enjoyment out of your computer. 
Failure to do so might lead to discomfort or injury, or cause the computer to fail.
Protect yourself from the heat that your computer generates.
When your computer is turned on or the battery is charging, the base, the palm 
rest, and some other parts may become hot. The temperature they reach 
depends on the amount of system activity and the level of charge in the 
battery.
Extended contact with your body, even through clothing, could cause 
discomfort or even a skin burn.
•  Avoid keeping your hands, your lap, or any other part of your body in 
contact with a hot section of the computer for any extended time.
•  Periodically take hands from using the keyboard by lifting your hands from 
the palm rest.
© Copyright Lenovo 2021 31

