--- Page 1 ---
LG EASY GUIDE
NOTEBOOK
17Z90T/17ZB90T Series
www.lg.com
Copyright © 202
5 LG Electronics Inc. All rights reserved.

--- Page 2 ---
Instruction/Safety Information
Using LG Easy Guide, LG Troubleshooting
LG Electronics Inc. provides LG Easy Guide  (User's Guide) and LG Troubleshooting  (Troubleshooting Guide) to users for 
their easy and convenient use of the product.
• Select the Start button [ ] > [All apps] and run [LG Easy Guide]  or [LG Troubleshooting].
Information/Precautions Before Using
Before reading LG Easy Guide, first check the following information.
• This LG Easy Guide  has been written for the Windows 11 operating system.
•
The screen and menu configurations may differ from this manual depending on the status of the Windows and 
software update.
•
Representative images are used in LG Easy Guide. Product purchased may differ in appearance and color.
•
LG Easy Guide  includes instruction about optional products. There may be information about products you did not 
purchase.
•
The contents of LG Easy Guide  are subject to change without prior notice.
•
Use, duplication, or reproduction of any part of LG Easy Guide  without prior permission from LG Electronics Inc. is 
strictly prohibited.
•
LG Electronics Inc. does not provide warranty for data loss. In order to minimize damage from data loss, please make 
backup copies of important data.
•
The optical disk drive (DVD, CD-ROM, etc.) is optional and may not be provided upon purchasing the product.
Safety Precaution Notations
The below symbols are to inform you of dangers and safety concerns that you must be aware of. Read the symbol-
indicated instructions with caution to avoid any possible mishap.
2

--- Page 3 ---
!
Warning:
Appears in the case of noncompliance with the instruction that may cause serious physical damage or fatal 
injuries.
!
Caution:
Appears in the case of noncompliance with the instruction that may cause minor damage to the body or the 
machine.
Text Notations
The symbols below are used to display information required to use the product. Familiarize yourself with the instructions 
marked by the symbols to ensure proper operation of the product.
Tip:
Indicates that the following information is added to help the user utilize the machine more conveniently.
Option:
The Option symbol indicates that the concerned device is not included in the product package and thus has to be 
purchased separately, or the device may not be applied to the user's machine depending on model type.
Manufacturer and Copyright
Manufacturer and Copyright represent the logo and trademark of the manufacturer, and bear no relationship to the 
functions supported by the product.
•
Microsoft™, MS™, WinPE™, and Windows®  are the registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation™.
•
USB Type-C®  and USB-C®  are registered trademarks of USB Implementers Forum. USB 2.0 Type-C™  is a trademark 
of USB Implementers Forum.
•
Intel®  and Intel®  logo, Intel®  Core™, Thunderbolt™  and Thunderbolt™  logo, Intel®  Unison™  and Intel®  Unison™ 
logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Intel and/or subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.
•
Manufactured under license from Dolby Laboratories. Dolby, Dolby Atmos and the double-D symbol are registered 
trademarks of Dolby Laboratories Licensing Corporation.
•
NVMe™  is a trademark of NVM Express, Inc
•
Wi-Fi®  is a registered trademark of Wi-Fi Alliance Corporation.
• The Bluetooth®  word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by the Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and any use of such 
marks by LG Electronics is under license. Other trademarks and trade names are those of their respective owners.
• Google, Android, Google Play, Google Play logo, and other marks are the trademarks of Google LLC.
•
iPhone is the trademark of Apple Inc. registered in U.S.A. and other countries. App Store is the service mark of Apple 
Inc.
•
DisplayPort™  and DisplayPort™  logo are trademarks owned by the Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA®) 
in the United States and other countries.
3

--- Page 4 ---
LG logo is a registered trademark of LG Electronics Inc.
microSD®  and the microSD logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of SD-3C, LLC.
The terms HDMI, HDMI High-Definition Multimedia Interface, HDMI Trade Dress and the HDMI Logos 
are trademarks or registered trademarks of HDMI Licensing Administrator, Inc.
LG Easy Guide  may contain undetectable errors despite our dedicated efforts to provide users with reliable information. 
We ask for your understanding.
The illustrated figures in LG Easy Guide  may differ in appearance with the actual products.
Unauthorized reproduction or duplication of any part of LG Easy Guide  is strictly prohibited.
LG Electronics Inc. reserves the right to modify any part of this manual for quality purposes, without prior notice.
Copyright (C) 2025 LG Electronics Inc. Digitalmate Co., LTD
Country of Origin China
Manufacturer LG Electronics Inc.
Open Source Software Notice Information
To obtain the source code that is contained in this product, under GPL, LGPL, MPL, and other open source licenses that 
have the obligation to disclose source code, and to access all referred license terms, copyright notices and other relevant 
documents please visit https://opensource.lge.com.
LG Electronics will also provide open source code to you on CD-ROM for a charge covering the cost of performing such 
distribution (such as the cost of media, shipping, and handling) upon email request to opensource@lge.com.
This offer is valid to anyone in receipt of this information for a period of three years after our last shipment of this 
product.
System Protection Feature
If the system becomes too hot, the system protection feature automatically stops recharging and switches the power 
mode to Hibernate or Off.
The PC system has to cool down before it can be reactivated.
Information on Hard Drive/Memory Capacity
Information on Hard Drive (HDD, SSD, eMMC) Capacity
The hard drive capacity shown by Windows is lower than that stated by the hard drive manufacturer due to a difference in 
calculation.
4

--- Page 5 ---
Manufacturer Hard drive manufacturers use a decimal definition of 1 KB = 1,000 Bytes.
100 GB Storage Device (HDD, SSD, eMMC): 100,000 MB / 1,000 Bytes = 100 GB
Windows Windows use the binary definition of 1 KB = 1,024 Bytes.
100 GB Storage Device (HDD, SSD, eMMC): 100,000 MB / 1,024 Bytes = 97.6 GB
RAM Capacity
RAM capacity shown by Windows may be lower than the actual capacity because the PC uses shared memory for BIOS and 
the integrated graphics card.
Due to BIOS using shared memory, 1,024 MB RAM may be reported as 1,022 MB or slightly less.
If the PC has integrated graphics card, 1,024 MB RAM may be reported as 1,022 MB or less than 1,000 MB.
Symbols
Refers to alternating current (AC).
Refers to direct current (DC).
Refers to class II equipment.
Refers to stand-by.
Refers to “ON” (power).
Refers to dangerous voltage.
Adjusting Volume (earphone/headphone and speakers)
Before using the earphone/headphone and speakers, check if the volume is too high.
!
Caution:
To prevent hearing damage, do not use in high volume for a long term.
Important Safety Precautions
Please use the machine in the proper environment to extend the machine's lifespan. Use the machine in a safe and stable 
place.
The warranty does not cover any damage resulting from reckless use or use in undesirable environments.
5

--- Page 6 ---
Product Installation/Usage Precautions
!
Caution:
Place the machine in a safe place so it does not fall.
• If dropped, the machine may be damaged or cause an injury.
Use the product in a clean, dust-free environment.
• Otherwise, the system may not function properly.
Do not place any objects within 6 inches of the PC.
• Lack of ventilation may overheat the PC from inside and put users at risk of burn injuries.
Do not store or use the PC near a magnetic object (i.e. a bag with a magnetic object, a diary, a 
wallet, a memo board, high-powered speakers, a bracelet, or etc.).
• Otherwise, the storage device (HDD, SSD, eMMC) and the system may be damaged, and the 
system may fail to operate properly.
Do not use the PC on a bag with magnetic objects attached to it.
•
Otherwise, the storage device and the system may be damaged, and the system may fail to 
operate properly.
Operate the product where there is no electromagnetic interference.
• Keep a proper distance between the PC and electronic appliances such as radios or speakers 
that generate strong magnetic fields.
•
Otherwise, data may be lost from the storage device (HDD, SSD, eMMC) or the screen color 
may be damaged.
Do not connect a key-phone line to a wired LAN port.
• A fire may occur or the product may get damaged.
If the screen is damaged, do not touch it with your hands.
• Contact the call center as it may cause an injury.
Be careful not to pinch your fingers in the connecting (hinge) part of the PC when opening or 
closing the PC, as it may lead to injury.
• This may lead to bodily injury.
6

--- Page 7 ---
!
Do not leave any objects such as a pen between the keyboard and the screen.
• You might break the screen by unwittingly closing the PC with a foreign object remaining on 
the keyboard.
Do not tap or scratch the screen with a sharp object.
• It may cause impairment.
Ensure the power is off before closing the PC.
• The product may catch fire, be broken or deformed due to temperature rise.
Do not impose excessive force on the screen or drop it.
• The screen may be damaged.
Do not lean the screen backward too much. Do not apply too much force to the screen.
• The screen or the moving parts may be damaged.
To clean the screen, use designated agents and soft cloth and rub the screen in one direction.
• Too much force may damage the screen.
When handling PC parts, follow the instructions in the manual.
• Otherwise, the product may get damaged.
Install a vaccine program on your PC and do not download illegal programs nor access any cor
ruptive web site such as those pushing pornographic contents.
• The system may be infected and impaired.
Do not insert devices other than designated ones in the ports.
• Otherwise, the product may get damaged.
Do not press the eject button while the optical disk drive (CD/DVD/Blu-ray)  is running.
• An error may occur or the disc may be ejected, causing injury.
7

--- Page 8 ---
!
Do not use a damaged optical disc (CD/DVD/Blu-ray).
• Otherwise, the product may get damaged or cause physical injury.
Avoid using a wireless LAN connection within the 16 foot radius of a microwave or plasma lamp. 
If you have to use wireless LAN and a plasma bulb within the range, do so between channels 11 
and 13.
• The transmission rate may drop even if the connection is made.
Turn off the PC if you are not going to use it for an extended period of time.
• It may overheat the battery.
Make sure that the memory cover is securely closed before turning on the PC.
• Do not use the machine when the memory cover is open. It may damage the machine.
Please use parts certified by LG Electronics Inc.
• Otherwise, a fire or product damage may occur.
If there is a problem with peripheral devices, contact the call center.
• The product may get damaged.
Handle devices and parts of the machine with care.
• The product may get damaged.
Do not drop any part or device of the machine while disassembling it.
• If dropped, it may be damaged and cause an injury.
!
Warning:
Dispose of the desiccating agent and plastic wrap properly.
• The desiccating agent and plastic wrap may cause suffocation.
8

--- Page 9 ---
!
Do not use the machine in damp places like a laundry room or bathroom.
• Moisture may cause a glitch or electric shock.
•
Please use the machine within the appropriate temperature range (50 °F to 95 °F) and hu
midity range (20 % RH to 80 % RH).
Clean the PC with a proper agent and dry it completely before using it again.
• If the PC is wet while used, an electric shock or fire may occur.
When lightning flashes in your area, disconnect the power, wired LAN and other connections.
• An electric shock or fire may occur.
Do not leave a cup or other containers filled with watery substance near the PC.
• In the case that liquid goes inside the PC, a fire or electric shock may occur.
If you have dropped or damaged the PC, disconnect the power and contact the call center for a 
safety check.
• If a damaged PC is used continuously, an electric shock or fire may occur.
Do not put a lit candle or live cigarette on the PC.
• A fire may occur.
If you detect or smell smoke from the PC, stop use immediately and disconnect the power 
source before contacting the call center.
• A fire may occur.
As the adapter can be hot, do not touch it with bare skin while using it.
• Extended period of exposure may cause burn.
The bottom of the PC gets hot when the system is in operation. Do not touch or put it on your 
lap.
• Extended period of exposure may cause burn.
Do not play PC games excessively.
• Playing a PC game for an extended period of time may cause a mental disorder. It may also 
inflict physical impairments on the elderly and children.
9

--- Page 10 ---
!
Do not put your finger or an object into PC ports.
• An injury or electric shock may occur.
Ask one of our engineers to run a safety check after your computer has been repaired.
• Otherwise, an electric shock or fire may occur.
For minors, we recommend a program that blocks access to illegal or pornographic web sites.
• Minors' exposure to adult-only contents may inflict psychological instability or even trauma. 
Take extra precaution for your children if the whole family is using this machine.
Keep the machine away from heat-emitting devices such as a heater.
• The product may get deformed or catch on fire.
Prevent children from thrusting their finger into the optical disk drive (CD/DVD/Blu-ray)  tray.
• The finger may be stuck in the tray and injured.
Do not block the ventilation hole with any object.
• Otherwise, an electric shock may occur.
When upgrading your PC, turn off the power and disconnect the power cable, battery, and LAN.
• There is a risk of electric shock or fire and the product may be damaged.
When you upgrade the PC, ensure that children will not swallow any parts including bolts.
• If a child swallows a nut, he or she may suffocate.
•
In that case, seek emergency help immediately.
Do not disassemble or modify the machine arbitrarily.
• There is a risk of electric shock and the product may be no longer covered by the warranty.
If you dissemble the PC, connect the power after reassembly is done.
• There is a risk of electric shock or product damage, if you touch the disassembled PC.
10

--- Page 11 ---
!
Do not put in metal items such as coins, hair pin or other irons or inflammables such as paper or 
matches. Especially, ensure that children will not do so.
• There is a risk of product damage, fire, or electric shock.
•
If any foreign substance gets in the product, unplug the product and contact the call center.
Product Storage/Transportation Precautions
!
Caution:
Before carrying the machine, turn off the power and disconnect all the cables.
• Otherwise, you may trip over the wire, damaging the PC and sustaining an injury.
Do not carry the machine with the PC open.
• Otherwise, the product may get damaged.
Protect the machine from any shock while carrying it.
• System damage or an injury may result.
Carry the product in a bag designed for it.
• Carrying it in another type of bag may result in product damage.
Do not put any heavy object on the PC.
• There is the risk of malfunction. If the object were to fall, it may cause an injury or damage 
the machine.
!
Warning:
During air travel, follow the directions of flight attendants.
• Using the PC during flight may cause an aircraft accident.
When leaving the machine in a car, avoid exposure to direct sunlight.
• The product may get deformed or catch on fire due to a temperature rise.
11

--- Page 12 ---
!
Do not put any heavy object on the power cable and adapter, and avoid damage from impacts.
• A malfunction or fire may occur.
Do not leave the powered-on PC in a space without enough ventilation (i.e. bags) for an extend
ed or repeated time.
• The battery may overheat and cause a fire.
Battery and Adapter Precautions
!
Warning:
When the PC is not used for an extended period of time, keep the battery level at about 50 %.
• Do not leave the product with discharged battery for an extended period of time. It may 
damage the battery.
Charge the battery only with the provided instrument.
• Otherwise, the battery may be damaged presenting a risk of fire.
Do not throw or disassemble the battery.
• The resulting damage may cause an injury, explosion, or fire.
Use batteries certified and acknowledged by LG Electronics Inc.
• Otherwise, an explosion or fire may occur.
Prevent the battery from being in contact with any metallic object like a car ignition key or a pa
per clip.
• Otherwise, this may cause damage to the battery, a fire or burn due to overheat in the bat
tery.
Keep the battery away from heat.
• Otherwise, an explosion or fire may occur.
Do not short-circuit the battery.
• Otherwise, it may explode.
12

--- Page 13 ---
!
Do not dispose of a spent or backup (standby) battery arbitrarily.
• It may explode or cause a fire.
•
Disposal methods may differ by country and region. Dispose of spent batteries in accordance 
with the laws and safety rules of the country and region you reside in.
If you find leakage or smell bad odor from the battery, remove the battery and contact the call 
center.
• It may explode or cause a fire.
Do not store in places with temperatures above 140 °F and high humidity (in cars or saunas).
• It may explode or cause a fire.
Keep the battery out of the reach of children or pets.
• If damaged, it may cause an injury.
Keep the battery from being pierced by a sharp object or chewed by pets.
• It may explode or cause a fire.
Do not put the battery in water.
• Otherwise, the battery may be damaged or explode.
Do not use the PC on top of carpet, blanket or bed. Also, do not put the adapter under the blan
ket.
• This may cause a malfunction, fire or burn due to overheat in the PC and adapter.
Read the battery usage precautions carefully before use.
• The battery should be stored indoors and used and stored in accordance with the usage 
method described in the user manual.
Connect the power plug properly by pushing it to the end.
• If a contact failure occurs, it may cause product damage or fire.
Do not bend the power cable for adapter too much or get stamped by a sharp object.
• The wires inside the cable may break and cause electric shock or fire.
13

--- Page 15 ---
!
Ensure that the battery pack is locked to the machine after installation.
• Otherwise, the battery may be damaged.
Other Safety Precautions
!
Caution:
Handle the machine with care to prevent loss of data from the storage device (HDD, SSD, 
eMMC).
• Since the storage device is fragile, you need to back up your important data frequently.
•
The manufacturer is not responsible for any storage device data loss caused by a user's mis
take.
Damage to the storage device (HDD, SSD, eMMC) and data loss may occur when:
• External shocks are inflicted on the machine while disassembling or installing it.
•
The machine is reset (i.e. restarted) or turned on again after a power outage while the stor
age device is operating.
•
The PC is infected with a virus, tainting the data irrecoverably.
•
Abrupt turning-off of the PC can damage the PC.
• If the product is moved, shaken or exposed to external shock while the storage device is run
ning, file damage or bad sectors may occur.
To minimize data loss resulting from storage device damage (HDD, SSD, eMMC), frequently back 
up important data.
• The manufacturer is not responsible for any data loss.
We do not refund or replace a product that malfunctions due to the installation or use of an op
erating system other than the one provided by LG Electronics Inc.
• Some software applications may not work properly in other operating systems. Such malfunc
tions are not covered by the warranty.
15

--- Page 16 ---
ENERGY STAR®
ENERGY STAR®
ENERGY STAR®  Specifications
• LG Electronics Inc. participates in ENERGY STAR®  and the energy efficiency of this product com
plies with the specifications of ENERGY STAR®.
•
ENERGY STAR®  is a set of regulations that encourages manufacturers of electronic devices to 
create more energy efficient products.
•
The energy consumption of this product was decreased along with the cost. Also, it helps pre
serve natural resources.
•
The PC is set to switch to Modern Standby after 5 minutes of inactivity.
•
To leave sleep mode, click a mouse button or press any key on the keyboard.
Power Management Options
The power management options of this PC is configured as follows.
Tip:
The settings of the power management options may be changed upon Windows update.
•
Turn off the display:  Turns off the screen when you don't use the PC for a set period of time.
!
Warning:
The screen is set to never turn off, which uses more power and results in higher carbon emissions.
16

--- Page 17 ---
• Put the computer to sleep:  Switches to the Sleep mode when you don't use the PC for a set period of time.
!
Warning:
Sleep is set to Never, which uses more power and results in higher carbon emissions.
Regulatory Notices
UK Notice
ENGLISH
•
Hereby, LG Electronics declares that the radio equipment type PC is in compliance with the relevant statutory 
requirements. The full text of the UK declaration of conformity is available at the following internet address:
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
The use of the 5150-5350 MHz and 5945-6425 MHz band (if applicable) is restricted to indoor use only. This 
restriction exists in the United Kingdom (UK).
European Union Notice
ENGLISH
•
Hereby, LG Electronics declares that the radio equipment type PC is in compliance with Directive 2014/53/EU.
The full text of the EU declaration of conformity is available at the following internet address:
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
The use of the 5150-5350 MHz and 5945-6425 MHz band (if applicable) is restricted to indoor use only.
This restriction exists in Belgium (BE), Bulgaria (BG), Czech Republic (CZ), Denmark (DK), Germany (DE), Estonia 
(EE), Ireland (IE), Greece (EL), Spain (ES), France (FR), Croatia (HR), Italy (IT), Cyprus (CY), Latvia (LV), Lithuania (LT), 
Luxembourg (LU), Hungary (HU), Malta (MT), Netherlands (NL), Austria (AT), Poland (PL), Portugal (PT), Romania 
(RO), Slovenia (SI), Slovakia (SK), Finland (FI), Sweden (SE), Northern Ireland (UK(NI)), Switzerland (CH), Iceland (IS), 
Liechtenstein (LI) and Norway (NO).
ESPAÑOL
•
Por la presente, LG Electronics declara que el tipo de equipo de radio ordenador cumple con la Directiva 2014/53/UE.
El texto completo de la declaración de conformidad con la legislación de la Unión Europea está disponible en el 
siguiente sitio web:
17

--- Page 18 ---
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
Las bandas de 5150-5350 MHz y 5945-6425 MHz (si procede) solo pueden utilizarse en interiores.
Esta restricción existe en Bélgica (BE), Bulgaria (BG), República Checa (CZ), Dinamarca (DK), Alemania (DE), Estonia 
(EE), Irlanda (IE), Grecia (EL), España (ES), Francia (FR), Croacia (HR), Italia (IT), Chipre (CY), Letonia (LV), Lituania 
(LT), Luxemburgo (LU), Hungría (HU), Malta (MT), Países Bajos (NL), Austria (AT), Polonia (PL), Portugal (PT), Rumanía 
(RO), Eslovenia (SI), Eslovaquia (SK), Finlandia (FI), Suecia (SE), Irlanda del Norte (UK(NI)), Suiza (CH), Islandia (IS), 
Liechtenstein (LI) y Noruega (NO).
CATALÀ
• Mitjançant aquest escrit, LG Electronics declara que l'equip de ràdio d'aquest ordinador compleix amb la Directiva 
2014/53/UE.
El text complet de la declaració de conformitat de la UE està disponible a l'adreça d'Internet següent:
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
L'ús de les bandes de 5150-5350 MHz i 5945-6425 MHz (si escau) està restringit exclusivament a l'ús en interiors. 
Aquesta restricció existeix a Bèlgica (BE), Bulgària (BG), República Txeca (CZ), Dinamarca (DK), Alemanya (DE), Estònia 
(EE), Irlanda (IE), Grècia (EL), Espanya (ES), França (FR), Croàcia (HR), Itàlia (IT), Xipre (CY), Letònia (LV), Lituània 
(LT), Luxemburg (LU), Hongria (HU), Malta (MT), Països Baixos (NL), Àustria (AT), Polònia (PL), Portugal (PT), Romania 
(RO), Eslovènia (SI), Eslovàquia (SK), Finlàndia (FI), Suècia (SE), Irlanda del Nord (UK(NI)), Suïssa (CH), Islàndia (IS), 
Liechtenstein (LI) i Noruega (NO).
PORTUGUÊS
•
Pela presente, a LG Electronics declara que o computador tipo equipamento de rádio está em conformidade com a 
Diretiva 2014/53/UE.
O texto integral da declaração de conformidade da UE está disponível no seguinte endereço da Internet:
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
A utilização da banda de 5150-5350 MHz e 5945-6425 MHz (se aplicável) está restrita à utilização em interiores.
Esta restrição existe na Bélgica (BE), Bulgária (BG), Republica Checa (CZ), Dinamarca (DK), Alemanha (DE), Estónia 
(EE), Irlanda (IE), Grécia (EL), Espanha (ES), França (FR), Croácia (HR), Itália (IT), Chipre (CY), Letónia (LV), Lituânia 
(LT), Luxemburgo (LU), Hungria (HU), Malta (MT), Holanda (NL), Áustria (AT), Polónia (PL), Portugal (PT), Romania 
(RO), Eslovénia (SI), Eslováquia (SK), Finlândia (FI), Suécia (SE), Irlanda do Norte (UK(NI)), Suíça (CH), Islândia (IS), 
Liechtenstein (LI) e Noruega (NO).
POLSKI
•
Niniejszym firma LG Electronics oświadcza, że komputer wykorzystujący sprzęt radiowy jest zgodny z dyrektywą 
2014/53/UE.
Pełny tekst deklaracji zgodności UE jest dostępny pod następującym adresem internetowym:
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
Pasmo 5150–5350 MHz i 5945–6425 MHz (jeśli ma zastosowanie) jest ograniczone tylko do użytku wewnątrz 
pomieszczeń.
Ograniczenie to występuje w Belgii (BE), Bułgarii (BG), Republice Czeskiej (CZ), Danii (DK), Niemczech (DE), Estonii 
(EE), Irlandii (IE), Grecji (EL), Hiszpanii (ES), Francji (FR), Chorwacji (HR), we Włoszech (IT), na Cyprze (CY), na Łotwie 
(LV), na Litwie (LT), w Luksemburgu (LU), na Węgrzech (HU), na Malcie (MT), w Holandii (NL), Austrii (AT), Polsce 
(PL), Portugalii (PT), Rumunii (RO), Słowenii (SI), Słowacji (SK), Finlandii (FI), Szwecji (SE), Irlandii Północnej (UK(NI)), 
Szwajcarii (CH), na Islandii (IS), w Liechtensteinie (LI) i Norwegii (NO).
ITALIANO
•
Con la presente, LG Electronics dichiara che l’apparecchiatura radio tipo PC è conforme con la Direttiva 2014/53/UE.
Il testo completo della Dichiarazione di conformità UE è disponibile al seguente indirizzo Internet:
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
18

--- Page 19 ---
L’uso della banda 5.150-5.350 MHz e 5.945-6.425 MHz (se applicabile) è limitata al solo uso in ambienti interni.
La presente restrizione esiste in Belgio (BE), Bulgaria (BG), Repubblica Ceca (CZ), Danimarca (DK), Germania (DE), 
Estonia (EE), Irlanda (IE), Grecia (EL), Spagna (ES), Francia (FR), Croazia (HR), Italia (IT), Cipro (CY), Lettonia (LV), 
Lituania (LT), Lussemburgo (LU), Ungheria (HU), Malta (MT), Paesi Bassi (NL), Austria (AT), Polonia (PL), Portogallo 
(PT), Romania (RO), Slovenia (SI), Slovacchia (SK), Finlandia (FI), Svezia (SE), Irlanda del Nord (UK(NI)), Svizzera (CH), 
Islanda (IS), Liechtenstein (LI) e Norvegia (NO).
DEUTSCH
• Hiermit erklärt LG Electronics, dass das Funkgerät vom Typ PC der EU-Richtlinie 2014/53/EU entspricht.
Der vollständige Text der EU-Konformitätserklärung steht zur Verfügung unter folgender Internetadresse:
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
Die Frequenzbänder im Bereich 5150 - 5350 MHz und 5945 - 6425 Mhz (soweit vorhanden) dürfen nur im 
Innenbereich benutzt werden.
Diese Einschränkung besteht in Belgien (BE), Bulgarien (BG), Tschechien (CZ), Dänemark (DK), Deutschland (DE), 
Estland (EE), Irland (IE), Griechenland (EL), Spanien (ES), Frankreich (FR), Kroatien (HR), Italien (IT), Zypern (CY), 
Lettland (LV), Litauen (LT), Luxemburg (LU), Ungarn (HU), Malta (MT), Niederlande (NL), Österreich (AT), Polen (PL), 
Portugal (PT), Rumänien (RO), Slowenien (SI), Slowakei (SK), Finnland (FI), Schweden (SE), Nordirland (UK(NI)), Schweiz 
(CH), Island (IS), Liechtenstein (LI) und Norwegen (NO).
MAGYAR
•
LG Electronics igazolja, hogy a PC típusú rádióberendezés megfelel a 2014/53/EU irányelvnek.
Az EU-megfelelőségi nyilatkozat teljes szövege elérhető a következő internetes címen:
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
Az 5150-5350 MHz és a 5945-6425 MHz sáv használata (ha alkalmazható) csak beltéri használatra korlátozódik.
Ez a korlátozás Belgiumban (BE), Bulgáriában (BG), a Cseh Köztársaságban (CZ), Dániában (DK), Németországban 
(DE), Észtországban (EE), Írországban (IE), Görögországban (EL), Spanyolországban (ES), Franciaországban (FR), 
Horvátországban (HR), Olaszországban (IT), Cipruson (CY), Lettországban (LV), Litvániában (LT), Luxemburgban (LU), 
Magyarországon (HU), Máltán (MT), Hollandiában (NL), Ausztriában (AT), Lengyelországban (PL), Portugáliában (PT), 
Romániában (RO), Szlovéniában (SI), Szlovákiában (SK), Finnországban (FI), Svédországban (SE), Észak-Írországban 
(UK(NI)), Svájcban (CH), Izlandon (IS), Liechtensteinban (LI) és Norvégiában (NO) érvényes.
NEDERLANDS
•
Hierbij verklaar ik, LG Electronics, dat het type radioapparatuur PC conform is met Richtlijn 2014/53/EU.
De volledige tekst van de EU-conformiteitsverklaring kan worden geraadpleegd op het volgende internetadres:
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
De 5150-5350 MHz- en 5945-6425 MHz-band kunnen (indien van toepassing) alleen binnenshuis worden gebruikt.
Deze beperking geldt voor België (BE), Bulgarije (BG), Tsjechië (CZ), Denemarken (DK), Duitsland (DE), Estland (EE), 
Ierland (IE), Griekenland (EL), Spanje (ES), Frankrijk (FR), Kroatië (HR), Italië (IT), Cyprus (CY), Letland (LV), Litouwen 
(LT), Luxemburg (LU), Hongarije (HU), Malta (MT), Nederland (NL), Oostenrijk (AT), Polen (PL), Portugal (PT), Roemenië 
(RO), Slovenië (SI), Slowakije (SK), Finland (FI), Zweden (SE), Noord-Ierland (UK(NI)), Zwitserland (CH), IJsland (IS), 
Liechtenstein (LI) en Noorwegen (NO).
ROMÂNĂ
•
Prin prezenta, LG Electronics declară că tipul de echipamente radio al computerului personal (PC) este în conformitate 
cu Directiva 2014/53/UE.
Textul integral al declarației UE de conformitate este disponibil la următoarea adresă internet:
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
Utilizarea benzii de 5150 - 5350 MHz și a celei de 5945 - 6425 MHz (dacă este cazul) este restricționată doar la 
interior.
19

--- Page 20 ---
Aceste restricţii există în: Belgia (BE), Bulgaria (BG), Republica Cehă (CZ), Danemarca (DK), Germania (DE), Estonia 
(EE), Irlanda (IE), Grecia (EL), Spania (ES), Franţa (FR), Croaţia (HR), Italia (IT), Cipru (CY), Letonia (LV), Lituania (LT), 
Luxemburg (LU), Ungasria (HU), Malta (MT), Olanda (NL), Austria (AT), Polonia (PL), Portugalia (PT), România (RO), 
Slovenia (SI), Slovacia (SK), Finlanda (FI), Suedia (SE), Irlanda de Nord (UK(NI)), Elveţia (CH), Islanda (IS), Liechtenstein 
(LI) şi Norvegia (NO).
FRANÇAIS
• Par la présente, LG Electronics déclare que l’équipement radio de type PC est en conformité avec la Directive 2014/53/
EU.
Le texte intégral de la déclaration de conformité UE est disponible à l’adresse suivante:
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
L’utilisation des bandes de fréquences 5 150 - 5 350 MHz et 5 945 - 6 425 MHz (le cas échéant) est limitée à un 
usage en intérieur.
Cette restriction existe en Belgique (BE), Bulgarie (BG), République Tchèque (CZ), Danemark (DK), Allemagne (DE), 
Estonie (EE), Irlande (IE), Grèce (EL), Espagne (ES), France (FR), Croatie (HR), Italie (IT), Chypre (CY), Lettonie (LV), 
Lituanie (LT), Luxembourg (LU), Hongrie (HU), Malte (MT), Pays-Bas (NL), Autriche (AT), Pologne (PL), Portugal (PT), 
Roumanie (RO), Slovénie (SI), Slovaquie (SK), Finlande (FI), Suède (SE), Irlande du Nord (UK(NI)), Suisse (CH), Islande 
(IS), Liechtenstein (LI) et Norvège (NO).
DANSK
•
Hermed erklærer LG Electronics, at radioudstyrstypen PC er i overensstemmelse med direktiv 2014/53/EU.
Den fulde tekst af EU-overensstemmelseserklæringen er tilgængelig på følgende internetadresse:
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
Brugen af 5150-5350 MHz- og 5945-6425 MHz-båndet er kun forbeholdt indendørs brug.
Denne begrænsning gælder i Belgien (BE), Bulgarien (BG), Tjekkiet (CZ), Danmark (DK), Tyskland (DE), Estland (EE), 
Irland (IE), Grækenland (EL), Spanien (ES), Frankrig (FR), Kroatien (HR), Italien (IT), Cypern (CY), Letland (LV), Litauen 
(LT), Luxembourg (LU), Ungarn (HU), Malta (MT), Holland (NL), Østrig (AT), Polen (PL), Portugal (PT), Rumænien (RO), 
Slovenien (SI), Slovakiet (SK), Finland (FI), Sverige (SE), Nordirland (UK(NI)), Schweiz (CH), Island (IS), Liechtenstein 
(LI) og Norge (NO).
SUOMI
•
Täten LG Electronics vakuuttaa, että radiolaitetyyppi PC on direktiivin 2014/53/EU mukainen.
Tämän EU-yhdenmukaisuusjulistuksen koko teksti löytyy seuraavasta Internet-osoitteesta:
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
Taajuusalueen 5 150 – 5 350 MHz ja 5 945 – 6 425 MHz (jos sovellettavissa) käyttö on sallittua vain sisätiloissa.
Tämä rajoitus on havaittu Belgia (BE), Bulgaria (BG), Tšekin tasavalta (CZ), Tanska (DK), Saksa (DE), Viro (EE), Irlanti 
(IE), Kreikka (EL), Espanja (ES), Ranska (FR), Kroatia (HR), Italia (IT), Kypros (CY), Latvia (LV), Liettua (LT), Luxemburg 
(LU), Unkari (HU), Malta (MT), Alankomaat (NL), Itävalta (AT), Puola (PL), Portugali (PT), Romania (RO), Slovenia (SI), 
Slovakia (SK), Suomi (FI), Ruotsi (SE), Pohjois-Irlanti (UK(NI)), Sveitsi (CH), Islanti (IS), Liechtenstein (LI) ja Norja (NO).
NORSK
•
LG Electronics erklærer herved at radioutstyret av typen PC er i samsvar med Direktiv 2014/53/EU.
Den fullstendige teksten til EU-samsvarserklæringen er tilgjengelig hos følgende internettadresse:
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
Bruken av 5150–5350 MHz og 5945–6425 MHz-båndet (hvis aktuelt) er begrenset til innendørs bruk.
Denne begrensningen finnes i Belgia (BE), Bulgaria (BG), Tsjekkia (CZ), Danmark (DK), Tyskland (DE), Estland (EE), 
Irland (IE), Hellas (EL), Spania (ES), Frankrike (FR), Kroatia (HR), Italia (IT), Kypros (CY), Latvia (LV), Litauen (LT), 
20

--- Page 21 ---
Luxembourg (LU), Ungarn (HU), Malta (MT), Nederland (NL), Østerrike (AT), Polen (PL), Portugal (PT), Romania (RO), 
Slovenia (SI), Slovakia (SK), Finland (FI), Sverige (SE), Nord-Irland (UK(NI)), Sveits (CH), Island (IS), Liechtenstein (LI) 
og Norge (NO).
SVENSKA
• Härmed intygar LG Electronics att radioutrustningstypen PC är i överensstämmelse med direktiv 2014/53/EU.
Den fullständiga texten av EU-försäkran om överensstämmelse finns på följande Internetadress:
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
5 150 – 5 350 MHz- och 5 945 – 6 425 MHz-bandet får bara användas inomhus.
Denna begränsning existerar i Belgien (BE), Bulgarien (BG), Tjeckiska Republiken (CZ), Danmark (DK), Tyskland (DE), 
Estland (EE), Irland (IE), Grekland (EL), Spanien (ES), Frankrike (FR), Kroatien (HR), Italien (IT), Cypern (CY), Lettland 
(LV), Litauen (LT), Luxemburg (LU), Ungern (HU), Malta (MT), Nederländerna (NL), Österrike (AT), Polen (PL), Portugal 
(PT), Rumänien (RO), Slovenien (SI), Slovakien (SK), Finland (FI), Sverige (SE), Nordirland (UK(NI)), Schweiz (CH), Island 
(IS), Liechtenstein (LI) och Norge (NO).
CE RF Radiation Exposure Statement:
Caution This equipment complies with European RF radiation exposure limits for SAR (Specific Absorption Rate). This 
transmitter must not be co-located or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter.
External Power Supply Information
1 Manufacturer’s name or trade mark, commercial reg
istration number and address
Manufacturer;  LG Electronics Inc.
Commercial registration number;  107-86-14075
Address;  LG Twin Towers, 128 Yeoui-daero, Yeongde
ungpo-gu, Seoul, 07336, Korea
2 Model identifier LP65WGC20P-EK, LP65WGC20S-EK, ADT-65DSU-
D03-2
3 Input voltage (V) 100-240
4 Input AC frequency (Hz) 50-60
5 Output voltage (V) 5.0 9.0 15.0 20.0
6 Output current (A) 3.0 3.0 3.0 3.25
7 Output power (W) 15.0 27.0 45.0 65.0
8 Average active efficiency (%) 81.39 86.62 87.73 88.00
9 Efficiency at low load (10 %) (%) 81.30 83.78 83.29 82.20
10 No-load power consumption (W) 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.21
1 English: Manufacturer’s name or trade mark, commercial registration number and address
21

--- Page 22 ---
Català: Nom del fabricant o marca, número de registre mercantil i adreça
Danish: Producentens navn eller varemærke, andelsregisternummer og adresse
Dutch: Naam of handelsmerk van de fabrikant, handelsregisternummer en adres
Finnish: Valmistajan nimi tai tavaramerkki, kaupparekisterinumero ja osoite
French: Raison sociale ou marque déposée, numéro d’enregistrement au registre du commerce et adresse du 
fabricant
German: Name oder Handelsmarke des Herstellers, Handelsregisternummer und Anschrifte
Hungarian: A gyártó neve vagy védjegye, cégjegyzékszáma és címe
Italian: Nome o marchio del fabbricante, numero di iscrizione nel registro delle imprese e indirizzo del fabbri
cante
Polish: Nazwa lub znak towarowy producenta, numer rejestru handlowego i adres
Protuguese: Marca comercial ou nome, número de registo comercial e endereço do fabricante
Romanian: Denumirea producătorului sau marca comercială, numărul de înregistrare la Registrul Comerțului și 
adresa
Spanish: Nombre o marca, número del registro mercantil y dirección del fabricante
Swedish: Tillverkarens namn eller varumärke, organisationsnummer och adress
Norwegian: Produsentens navn, kommersielt registreringsnummer og adresse
2 English: Model identifier
Català: Identificador del model
Danish: Modellens identifikationskode
Dutch: Typeaanduiding
Finnish: Mallitunniste
French: Référence du modèle
German: Modellkennung
Hungarian: Modellazonosító
Italian: Identificativo del modello
Polish: Identyfikator modelu
Protuguese: Identificador do modelo
Romanian: Identificator de model
Spanish: Identificador del modelo
Swedish: Modellbeteckning
Norwegian: Modellidentifikator
3 English: Input voltage
Català: Tensió d'entrada
Danish: Indgangsspænding
Dutch: Voedingsspanning
Finnish: Ottojännite
French: Tension d’entrée
German: Eingangsspannung
22

--- Page 23 ---
Hungarian: Bemenő feszültség
Italian: Tensione di ingresso
Polish: Napięcie wejściowe
Protuguese: Tensão de entrada
Romanian: Tensiune de intrare
Spanish: Tensión de entrada
Swedish: Ingående spänning
Norwegian: Inngangsspenning
4 English: Input AC frequency
Català: Freqüència d'entrada de CA
Danish: Inputvekselstrømsfrekvens
Dutch: Voedingsfrequentie
Finnish: Tuloverkkotaajuus
French: Fréquence du CA d’entrée
German: Eingangswechselstromfre-quenz
Hungarian: Bemenő váltóáram frekvenciája
Italian: Frequenza di ingresso CA
Polish: Wejściowa częstotliwość prądu przemiennego
Protuguese: Frequência da alimentação de CA
Romanian: Frecvența c.a. de intrare
Spanish: Frecuencia de la CA de entrada
Swedish: Ingående frekvens (växelström)
Norwegian: Vekselstrømfrekvens inngang
5 English: Output voltage
Català: Tensió de sortida
Danish: Udgangsspænding
Dutch: Uitgangsspanning
Finnish: Antojännite
French: Tension de sortie
German: Ausgangsspannung
Hungarian: Kimenő feszültség
Italian: Tensione di uscita
Polish: Napięcie wyjściowe
Protuguese: Tensão de saída
Romanian: Tensiune de ieșire
Spanish: Tensión de salida
Swedish: Utgående spänning
Norwegian: Utgangsspenning
23

--- Page 24 ---
6 English: Output current
Català: Corrent de sortida
Danish: Udgangsstrømsstyrke
Dutch: Uitgangsstroom
Finnish: Antovirta
French: Courant de sortie
German: Ausgangsstrom
Hungarian: Kimenő áramerősség
Italian: Corrente di uscita
Polish: Prąd wyjściowy
Protuguese: Corrente de saída
Romanian: Curent de ieșire
Spanish: Intensidad de salida
Swedish: Utgående ström
Norwegian: Utgangsstrøm
7 English: Output power
Català: Potència de sortida
Danish: Udgangseffekt
Dutch: Uitgangsvermogen
Finnish: Antoteho
French: Puissance de sortie
German: Ausgangsleistung
Hungarian: Kimenő teljesítmény
Italian: Potenza di uscita
Polish: Moc wyjściowa
Protuguese: Potência de saída
Romanian: Putere de ieșire
Spanish: Potencia de salida
Swedish: Utgående effekt
Norwegian: Utgangseffekt
8 English: Average active efficiency
Català: Eficiència mitjana en actiu
Danish: Gennemsnitlig effektivitet i aktiv tilstand
Dutch: Gemiddelde actieve efficiëntie
Finnish: Aktiivitilan keskimääräinen hyötysuhde
French: Rendement moyen en mode actif
German: Durchschnittliche Effizienz im Betrieb
Hungarian: Aktív üzemmódban mért átlagos hatásfok
24

--- Page 25 ---
Italian: Rendimento medio in modo attivo
Polish: Średnia sprawność podczas pracy
Protuguese: Eficiência média no modo ativo
Romanian: Randament mediu în mod activ
Spanish: Eficiencia media en activo
Swedish: Genomsnittlig verkningsgrad i aktivt läge
Norwegian: Gjennomsnittlig aktiv effektivitet
9 English: Efficiency at low load (10 %)
Català: Eficiència a baixa càrrega (10 %)
Danish: Effektivitet ved lav belastning (10 %)
Dutch: Efficiëntie bij lage belasting (10 %)
Finnish: Hyötysuhde alhaisella kuormituksella (10 %)
French: Rendement à faible charge (10 %)
German: Effizienz bei geringer Last (10 %)
Hungarian: Hatásfok alacsony (10 %-os) terhelésnél
Italian: Rendimento a basso carico (10 %)
Polish: Sprawność przy niskim obciążeniu (10 %)
Protuguese: Eficiência a carga baixa (10%)
Romanian: Randamentul la sarcină redusă (10 %)
Spanish: Eficiencia a baja carga (10 %).
Swedish: Verkningsgrad vid låg last (10 %)
Norwegian: Effektivitet ved lav belastning (10 %)
10 English: No-load power consumption
Català: Consum d’energia en buit
Danish: Effektforbrug i nullast-tilstand
Dutch: Energieverbruik in niet-belaste toestand
Finnish: Kuormittamattoman tilan tehonkulutus
French: Consommation électrique hors charge
German: Leistungsaufnahme bei Nulllast
Hungarian: Üresjárási üzemmódban mért energiafogyasztás
Italian: Potenza assorbita nella condizione a vuoto
Polish: Zużycie energii w stanie bez obciążenia
Protuguese: Consumo energético em vazio
Romanian: Puterea absorbită în regim fără sarcină
Spanish: Consumo eléctrico en vacío
Swedish: Elförbrukning vid noll-last
Norwegian: Strømforbruk uten belastning
25

--- Page 26 ---
USA
FCC Notice (For USA)
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of 
the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residential 
installation. This equipment generates, uses, and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in 
accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications.
However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause 
harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the 
user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures:
•
Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
•
Increase the separation between the equipment and the receiver.
•
Connect the equipment to an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected.
•
Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.
This device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions:
(1) this device may not cause harmful interference and
(2) this device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired operation.
Any changes or modifications in construction of this device which are not expressly approved by the party responsible for 
compliance could void the user’s authority to operate the equipment.
FCC Radio Frequency Interference Requirements (for UNII devices)
High power radars are allocated as primary users of the 5.25 to 5.35 GHz and 5.65 to 5.85 GHz bands. These radar 
stations can cause interference with and/or damage this device. This device cannot be co-located with any other 
transmitter.
FCC/IC Radio Frequency Exposure
The available scientific evidence does not show that any health problems are associated with using low power wireless 
devices. There is no proof, however, that these low power wireless devices are absolutely safe. Low power Wireless 
devices emit low levels of radio frequency energy (RF) in the microwave range while being used. Whereas high levels 
of RF can produce health effects (by heating tissue), exposure to low level RF that does not produce heating effects 
causes no known adverse health effects. Many studies of low level RF exposures have not found any biological effects. 
Some studies have suggested that some biological effects might occur, but such findings have not been confirmed by 
additional research. This device have been tested and found to comply with FCC/IC radiation exposure limits set forth for 
an uncontrolled environment and meets the FCC radio frequency (RF) Exposure Guidelines in Supplement C to OET65 and 
RSS-102 of the IC radio frequency (RF) Exposure rules(<1.6W/kg).
Operation of transmitters in the 5.925-7.125 GHz band is prohibited for control of or communications with unmanned 
aircraft systems.
CANADA
ENGLISH
26

--- Page 27 ---
Industry Canada Statement (For Canada)
[For having wireless function (WLAN, Bluetooth,...)]
This device contains licence-exempt transmitter(s)/receiver(s) that comply with Innovation, Science and Economic 
Development Canada’s licence-exempt RSS(s). Operation is subject to the following two conditions:
(1) This device may not cause interference.
(2) This device must accept any interference, including interference that may cause undesired operation of the device.
FCC/IC Radio Frequency Exposure
The available scientific evidence does not show that any health problems are associated with using low power wireless 
devices. There is no proof, however, that these low power wireless devices are absolutely safe. Low power Wireless 
devices emit low levels of radio frequency energy (RF) in the microwave range while being used. Whereas high levels 
of RF can produce health effects (by heating tissue), exposure to low level RF that does not produce heating effects 
causes no known adverse health effects. Many studies of low level RF exposures have not found any biological effects. 
Some studies have suggested that some biological effects might occur, but such findings have not been confirmed by 
additional research. This device have been tested and found to comply with FCC/IC radiation exposure limits set forth for 
an uncontrolled environment and meets the FCC radio frequency (RF) Exposure Guidelines in Supplement C to OET65 and 
RSS-102 of the IC radio frequency (RF) Exposure rules(<1.6W/kg).
WARNING
[For product having the wireless function using 5 GHz frequency bands]
(1) the device for operation in the band 5150–5250 MHz is only for indoor use to reduce the potential for harmful 
interference to co-channel mobile satellite systems;
(2) for devices with detachable antenna(s), the maximum antenna gain permitted for devices in the bands 5250-5350 MHz 
and 5470-5725 MHz shall be such that the equipment still complies with the e.i.r.p. limit;
(3) for devices with detachable antenna(s), the maximum antenna gain permitted for devices in the band 5725-5850 MHz 
shall be such that the equipment still complies with the e.i.r.p. limits as appropriate; and
(4) [for devices operating in the band 5250-5350 MHz having an e.i.r.p. greater than 200 mW] antenna type(s), antenna 
models(s), and worst-case tilt angle(s) necessary to remain compliant with the e.i.r.p. elevation mask requirement set forth 
in section 6.2.2.3 of RSS-247 shall be clearly indicated.
Users should also be advised that high-power radars are allocated as primary users (i.e. priority users) of the bands 
5250-5350 MHz and 5650-5850 MHz and that these radars could cause interference and/or damage to LE-LAN devices.
[For product having the wireless function using 6 GHz frequency bands]
(1) Devices shall not be used for control of or communications with unmanned aircraft systems.
(2) Devices shall not be used on oil platforms.
(3) Devices shall not be used on aircraft, except for the low-power indoor access points, indoor subordinate devices, 
low-power client devices, and very low-power devices operating in the 5925-6425 MHz band, that may be used on large 
aircraft as defined in the Canadian Aviation Regulations, while flying above 3,048 meters (10,000 feet).
(4) Devices shall not be used on automobiles.
(5) Devices shall not be used on trains.
(6) Devices shall not be used on maritime vessels.
FRANÇAIS (CANADA)
Avis d’Industrie Canada
[Pour la fonction sans fil (WLAN, Bluetooth, etc.)]
L’émetteur/récepteur exempt de licence contenu dans le présent appareil est conforme aux CNR d’Innovation, Sciences et 
Développement économique Canada applicables aux appareils radio exempts de licence. L’exploitation est autorisée aux 
deux conditions suivantes :
(1) L’appareil ne doit pas produire de brouillage;
27

--- Page 28 ---
(2) L’appareil doit accepter tout brouillage radioélectrique subi, même si le brouillage est susceptible d’en compromettre le 
fonctionnement.
Exposition aux radiofréquences FCC/IC
Selon les preuves scientifiques disponibles, aucun problème de santé n’est associé à l’utilisation d’appareils sans fil 
de faible puissance. Rien ne prouve cependant que ces appareils sont absolument sans danger. Lorsqu’ils sont utilisés, 
les appareils sans fil de faible puissance émettent de faibles niveaux d’énergie radiofréquence (RF) dans la gamme des 
hyperfréquences. Bien que les niveaux élevés de radiofréquence puissent avoir un effet sur la santé (réchauffement des 
tissus), l’exposition à de faibles niveaux n’ayant pas d’effet thermique n’a aucun impact négatif connu sur la santé.
De nombreuses études sur l’exposition aux radiofréquences de faible niveau n’ont révélé aucun effet biologique. Certaines 
d’entre elles ont sous-entendu qu’il pourrait y avoir de tels effets, mais leurs résultats n’ont pas été confirmés par des 
recherches supplémentaires. Les modèles suivants ont été testés et se sont avérés conformes aux limites d’exposition aux 
rayonnements définies par la FCC et IC pour l’environnement non contrôlé; ils répondent aux règles sur l’exposition aux 
rayonnements RF (radiofréquence) de la FCC et à celles de la norme RSS-102 d’IC.
AVERTISSEMENTS
[Pour les produits ayant la fonction sans fil utilisant des bandes de fréquences de 5 GHz]
(1) les dispositifs fonctionnant dans la bande de 5 150 à 5 250 MHz sont réservés uniquement pour une utilisation à 
l’intérieur afin de réduire les risques de brouillage préjudiciable aux systèmes de satellites mobiles utilisant les mêmes 
canaux;
(2) pour les dispositifs munis d’antennes amovibles, le gain maximal d’antenne permis pour les dispositifs utilisant les 
bandes de 5 250 à 5 350 MHz et de 5 470 à 5 725 MHz doit être conforme à la limite de la p.i.r.e;
(3) pour les dispositifs munis d’antennes amovibles, le gain maximal d’antenne permis (pour les dispositifs utilisant la 
bande de 5 725 à 5 850 MHz) doit être conforme à la limite de la p.i.r.e. spécifiée, selon le cas;
(4) [pour des dispositifs fonctionnant dans la bande de 5 250 à 5 350 MHz ayant une p.i.r.e. de plus de 200 mW] , les 
types d’antennes (s’il y en a plusieurs), les numéros de modèle de l’antenne et les pires angles d’inclinaison nécessaires 
pour rester conforme à l’exigence de la p.i.r.e. applicable au masque d’élévation, énoncée à la CNR-247 section 6.2.2.3, 
doivent être clairement indiqués.
Les utilisateurs doivent également savoir que les radars de grande puissance sont attribués en tant qu’utilisateurs 
principaux (c’est-à-dire les utilisateurs prioritaires) des bandes de 5 250 à 5 350 MHz et de 5 650 à 5 850 MHz et que 
ces radars peuvent causer des interférences avec les appareils LE-LAN et/ou les endommager.
[Pour les produits ayant la fonction sans fil utilisant des bandes de fréquences de 6 GHz]
(1) Les dispositifs ne doivent pas servir à contrôler ni à communiquer avec des systèmes d’aéronefs sans pilote.
(2) Les dispositifs ne doivent pas être utilisés sur des plates-formes pétrolières.
(3) Les dispositifs ne doivent pas être utilisés à bord des aéronefs, sauf pour les points d’accès intérieurs de faible 
puissance, les dispositifs subordonnés intérieurs, les dispositifs clients de faible puissance et les dispositifs de très faible 
puissance dans la bande 5 925-6 425 MHz, autorisés à bord des grands aéronefs, comme défini par le Règlement de 
l’aviation canadien, lors des vols au-dessus de 3 048 m (10 000 pieds).
(4) Les dispositifs ne doivent pas être utilisés sur des automobiles.
(5) Les dispositifs ne doivent pas être utilisés sur des trains.
(6) Les dispositifs ne doivent pas être utilisés sur des navires maritimes.
Australia/New Zealand Notice
Exposure to radio frequency energy
Radio wave exposure and Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) information
This product has been designed to comply with applicable safety requirements for exposure to radio waves. These 
requirements are based on scientific guidelines that include safety margins designed to assure the safety of all persons, 
regardless of age and health
28

--- Page 29 ---
• The equipment complies with the RF Exposure Requirement 1999/519/EC, Council Recommendation of 12 July 1999 on 
the limitation of exposure of the general public to electromagnetic fields from 0 Hz to 300 GHz.
•
The SAR limit recommended by the International Commission on Non-Ionizing Radiation Protection (ICNIRP) is 2 W/kg 
averaged over 10g of tissue.
•
The highest SAR value for this model on the body is less than 2W/kg (10g)
RF Radiation Exposure Statement
The use of the 5,150 - 5,350 MHz and 5,945 - 6,425 MHz band (if applicable) is restricted to indoor use only. This 
restriction exists in the countries Australia (AU) and New Zealand (NZ). (For Wi-Fi/Bluetooth built-in model or Wi-Fi built-
in model)
Brazil Notice
Este equipamento não tem direito à proteção contra interferência prejudicial e não pode causar interferência em sistemas 
devidamente autorizados.
Para mais informações, consulte o site da Anatel: https://www.gov.br/anatel/pt-br
GREEN MARK (for Japan)
本製品は、日本工業規格（JIS C0950:2008）における｢電気•電子機器の特定の
化学物質の含有表示方法｣（通稱J－Moss）の規定する特定化学物質の含有率
が基準値以下に管理された製品あるため、J-Moss グリーンマークを表示していま
す。
特定の化学物質（鉛、水銀、カドミウム、六価クロム、PBB、PBDE）の含有につ
いての情報は下記Webサイトをご覧下さい。
Webサイト： http://www.lg.com/jp/eco/eco-product#jMoss
EPEAT
“EPEAT registered where applicable/supported. EPEAT registration varies by 
country - see
www.epeat.net  for registration status by country.”
UKRAINE only
Обмеження України на наявність небезпечних речовин
Устаткування відповідає вимогам технічного регламету щодо обмеженного використання небезпечних речовин в 
електричному і електронному обладнанні.
29

--- Page 30 ---
Ukraine Restriction of Hazardous Substances
The equipment complies with requirements of the Technical Regulation, in terms of restrictions for the use of certain 
dangerous substances in electrical and electronic equipment.
PACKING INFORMATION (CUSTOMS UNION)
РУССКИЙ
•
Символ «петля Мебиуса» указывает на возможность утилизации упаковки. Символ может быть дополнен 
обозначением материала упаковки в виде цифрового и/или буквенного обозначения.
ҚАЗАҚША
•
Символ қаптаманы жою мүмкіндігін көрсетеді. Символ сандық код және/немесе әріп белгілері түріндегі қаптама 
материалының белгісімен толықтырылуы мүмкін.
SAFETY REGULATION NOTICE
Battery
ENGLISH
•
Risk of fire or explosion if the battery is replaced by an incorrect type.
•
Replacement of a battery with an incorrect type that can defeat a safeguard (for example, in the case of some lithium 
battery types).
•
Disposal of a battery into fire or a hot oven, or mechanically crushing or cutting of a battery, that can result in an 
explosion.
•
Leaving a battery in an extremely high temperature surrounding environment that can result in an explosion or the 
leakage of flammable liquid or gas.
•
A battery subjected to extremely low air pressure that may result in an explosion or the leakage of flammable liquid or 
gas.
•
Do not store or transport at pressures lower than 11.6 kPa (1.68 psi) and at above 15 000 m (49212.5 feet) altitude.
DANSK
•
Risiko for brand eller eksplosion, hvis batteriet udskiftes med en forkert type.
• Udskiftning af et batteri med en forkert type, der kan omgå en sikring (f.eks. i tilfælde af nogle lithiumbatterityper).
•
Bortskaffelse af et batteri ved ild eller en varm ovn, eller mekanisk knusning eller skæring i et batteri, dette kan 
resultere i en eksplosion.
•
At efterlade et batteri i omgivelser med ekstrem høj temperatur, det kan resultere i en eksplosion eller lækage af 
brændbar væske eller gas.
•
Et batteri udsat for ekstremt lavt lufttryk, det kan resultere i en eksplosion eller lækage af brændbar væske eller gas.
•
Må ikke opbevares eller transporteres ved tryk lavere end 11,6 kPa og over 15.000 meters højde.
SUOMI
30

--- Page 31 ---
• Tulen ja räjähdyksen mahdollisuus, jos akku vaihdetaan vääränlaiseen akkuun.
•
Vääränlaisen akun asennus voi ohittaa turvamekanismit (esimerkiksi joissain litium-akuissa).
•
Akun hävittäminen tuleen tai kuumaan uuniin, tai akun mekaaninen tuhoaminen tai leikkaaminen, voivat johtaa 
räjähdykseen.
•
Akun jättäminen äärimmäisen korkean lämpötilan ympäristöön voi johtaa räjähdykseen tai helposti syttyvän nesteen tai 
kaasun vuotoon.
•
Äärimmäisen matalalle ilmanpaineelle altistettu akku voi johtaa räjähdykseen tai helposti syttyvän nesteen tai kaasun 
vuotoon.
•
Älä säilö tai siirrä alle 11,6 kPa ilmanpaineissa tai yli 15 000 m korkeudessa.
NORSK
•
Det er fare for brann eller eksplosjon i tilfelle batteriet byttes ut med en feil type.
•
Utskifting av et batteri med en feil type som kan beseire en sikring (for eksempel når det gjelder noen typer 
litiumbatterier).
•
Avhending av et batteri i brann eller en varm ovn, eller mekanisk knusing eller kutting av et batteri, som kan føre til en 
eksplosjon.
•
Å etterlate et batteri i omgivelser med ekstremt høy temperatur som kan resultere i en eksplosjon eller lekkasje av 
brennbar væske eller gass.
•
Et batteri som er utsatt for ekstremt lavt lufttrykk kan resultere i en eksplosjon eller lekkasje av brennbar væske eller 
gass.
•
Produktet må aldri oppbevares eller transporteres ved trykk lavere enn 11,6 kPa og over 15000 m høyde.
SVENSKA
• Risk för brand eller explosion om batteriet byts ut mot fel typ.
•
Byte av ett batteri mot en felaktig typ som kan motverka ett skydd (till exempel för vissa litiumbatterityper).
•
Kassering av ett batteri i eld eller en het ugn, eller att krossa eller klippa sönder ett batteri mekaniskt, kan leda till en 
explosion.
•
Att lämna ett batteri i en omgivning med extremt hög temperatur som kan leda till en explosion, eller läckage av 
brandfarlig vätska eller gas.
•
Ett batteri som utsätts för extremt lågt lufttryck kan leda till en explosion eller läckage av brandfarlig vätska eller gas.
•
Förvara eller transportera inte vid tryck under 11,6 kPa och på över 15 000 m höjd.
ESPAÑOL
•
Existe riesgo de explosión si se cambia la batería por una de un tipo incorrecto.
•
Sustitución de la batería por un tipo de batería incorrecto que puede anular los mecanismos de seguridad (por ejemplo, 
en el caso de algunos tipo de batería de litio).
•
Colocación de una batería en el fuego o un horno caliente, o aplastamiento o corte mecánicos de una batería, que 
pueden provocar una explosión.
•
Colocación de una batería en un entorno con una temperatura extremadamente alta que puede provocar una explosión 
o la fuga de líquido o gas inflamable.
•
Una batería sometida a una presión del aire extremadamente baja que puede provocar una explosión o la fuga de 
líquido o gas inflamable.
• No almacenar ni transportar a una presión inferior a 11,6 kPa ni a una altitud superior a 15 000 m.
CATALÀ
31

--- Page 32 ---
• En cas de substituir la bateria per un model inadequat, hi ha risc d'incendi o d'explosió.
•
La substitució de la bateria per un model inadequat pot anul·lar la garantia (per exemple, en el cas d'alguns tipus de 
bateries de liti).
•
Si llenceu una bateria al foc o a un forn calent, o si la tritureu o talleu de manera mecànica, podeu provocar una 
explosió.
• Si deixeu la bateria sotmesa a una temperatura extremadament alta, es pot produir una explosió o la fuita de líquid o 
gas inflamable.
•
Deixar una bateria sotmesa a una pressió d'aire extremadament baixa, podria provocar una explosió o la fuita de líquid 
o gas inflamable.
•
No l'emmagatzemeu ni transporteu a pressions inferiors a 11,6 kPa ni a altituds superiors a 15 000 m.
PORTUGUÊS
•
Risco de incêndio ou explosão se a bateria for substituída por uma do tipo incorreto.
•
A substituição da bateria por uma do tipo incorreto pode desativar um sistema de segurança (por exemplo, no caso de 
algumas baterias de lítio).
•
A eliminação de uma bateria no fogo ou num forno quente ou o esmagamento ou corte mecânico de uma bateria pode 
resultar numa explosão.
•
Deixar uma bateria num ambiente de temperatura extremamente alta pode resultar numa explosão ou na fuga de 
líquidos ou gases inflamáveis.
•
Uma bateria sujeita a pressão de ar extremamente baixa poderá resultar numa explosão ou na fuga de líquidos ou 
gases inflamáveis.
•
Não armazene nem transporte a pressões inferiores a 11,6 kPa e acima de 15.000 m de altitude.
POLSKI
•
Ryzyko pożaru lub wybuchu w przypadku wymiany baterii na niewłaściwy typ.
•
Wymiana baterii na niewłaściwy typ może spowodować ominięcie zabezpieczeń (np. w przypadku niektórych typów 
baterii litowych).
•
Wrzucenie baterii do ognia lub gorącego piekarnika lub mechaniczne zmiażdżenie albo przecięcie baterii może 
spowodować wybuch.
•
Pozostawienie baterii w środowisku o bardzo wysokiej temperaturze może spowodować wybuch lub wyciek łatwopalnej 
cieczy lub gazu.
•
Narażenie baterii na bardzo niskie ciśnienie powietrza może spowodować wybuch lub wyciek łatwopalnej cieczy lub 
gazu.
•
Nie przechowywać ani transportować przy ciśnieniu niższym niż 11,6 kPa lub na wysokości powyżej 15.000 m.
ITALIANO
•
Rischio di incendio o esplosione se la batteria viene sostituita con una di tipo non corretto.
•
La sostituzione della batteria con una di tipo non corretto può compromettere la sicurezza (ad esempio nel caso di 
alcune batterie al litio).
•
Lo smaltimento delle batterie nel fuoco o in un forno caldo, o lo schiacciamento meccanico o il taglio delle batterie può 
provocare un’esplosione.
•
L’esposizione delle batterie ad ambienti circostanti con temperature estremamente alte può causare un’esplosione o la 
fuoriuscita di liquidi o gas infiammabili.
•
L’esposizione delle batterie a pressioni dell’aria estremamente basse può causare un’esplosione o la fuoriuscita di 
liquidi o gas infiammabili.
•
Non conservare o trasportare a pressioni inferiori a 11,6 kPa e ad altitudini superiori a 15.000 m.
32

--- Page 33 ---
DEUTSCH
• Wird die Batterie durch einen anderen, falschen Typ ersetzt, besteht Explosions- und Brandgefahr.
•
Wird die Batterie durch eine anderen, falschen Typ ersetzt, kann möglicherweise die Sicherung deaktiviert werden (das 
ist zum Beispiel bei einigen Lithium-Batterien der Fall).
•
Wird eine Batterie entsorgt, indem Sie in einen Ofen geworfen wird oder mechanisch zerstört oder zerschnitten wird, 
besteht Explosionsgefahr.
• Wird die Batterie in einer Umgebung unter extrem heißer Temperatur belassen, besteht Explosionsgefahr oder es kann 
entflammbare Flüssigkeit oder entflammbares Gas austreten.
•
Wird die Batterie extrem niedrigem Luftdruck ausgesetzt, besteht Explosionsgefahr oder es kann entflammbare 
Flüssigkeit oder entflammbares Gas austreten.
•
Nicht bei einem Druck tiefer als 11,6 kPa oder in über 15 000 m Höhe über dem Meeresspiegel lagern oder 
transportieren.
MAGYAR
•
Tűz- vagy robbanásveszély, ha az akkumulátort nem megfelelő típusúra cserélik.
•
Az akkumulátor cseréje nem megfelelő típusúra, amely védelmet jelenthet (például néhány lítium elemtípus esetében).
•
Az elemek tűzben vagy forró sütőben való megsemmisítése, vagy az elemek mechanikus összetörése vagy elvágása 
robbanást okozhat.
•
Ha akkumulátort rendkívül magas hőmérsékletű környezetben hagyja, az robbanást vagy gyúlékony folyadék vagy gáz 
szivárgását okozhatja.
•
Ha az akkumulátor rendkívül alacsony légnyomásnak van kitéve, az robbanást vagy gyúlékony folyadék vagy gáz 
szivárgását okozhatja.
•
Ne tárolja és ne szállítsa 11,6 kPa-nál alacsonyabb nyomáson és 15 000 m magasság felett.
NEDERLANDS
•
Brand- of explosiegevaar als de batterij wordt vervangen door een onjuist type.
•
Het vervangen van de batterij door een batterij van het foute type, kan een veiligheid uitschakelen (bijvoorbeeld bij 
enkele types van lithiumbatterijen).
•
Een batterij in een vuur of een hete oven werpen of een batterij verpletteren of snijden, kan leiden tot een explosie.
•
Een batterij achterlaten in een omgeving met een extreem hoge temperatuur, kan leiden tot een explosie of het lekken 
van brandbare vloeistof of gas.
•
Een batterij blootstellen aan een extreem lage luchtdruk, kan leiden tot een explosie of het lekken van brandbare 
vloeistof of gas.
•
Niet bewaren of vervoeren bij een druk lager dan 11,6 kPa en een hoogte van meer dan 15.000 m.
ROMÂNĂ
•
Risc de explozie dacă bateria este înlocuită cu un tip incorect.
•
Înlocuirea unei baterii cu un tip incorect care poate depăși o protecție (de exemplu, în cazul unor tipuri de baterii litiu).
•
Eliminarea unei baterii în foc sau cuptor încins, prin zdrobire mecanică sau tăiere poate conduce la o explozie.
•
Lăsarea unei baterii într-un mediu înconjurător cu o temperatură extrem de ridicată poate conduce la o explozie sau la 
scurgere de lichid sau gaz inflamabil.
•
O baterie supusă unei presiuni a aerului extrem de scăzută poate rezulta în scurgere de lichid sau gaz inflamabil.
•
Nu stocați și nu transportați la presiuni mai mici de 11,6 kPa și la mai mult de 15000 m altitudine.
FRANÇAIS
33

--- Page 34 ---
• Risque d’incendie ou d’explosion si la batterie est remplacée par une batterie d’un type incorrect.
•
Le remplacement par une batterie d’un type incorrect peut annuler un dispositif de sécurité (par exemple, dans le cas 
de certaines batteries au lithium).
•
Éliminer une batterie dans le feu ou un four chaud, l’écraser mécaniquement ou la couper peut provoquer une 
explosion.
• Laisser une batterie dans un environnement à très haute température peut provoquer une explosion ou une fuite de 
liquide ou de gaz inflammable.
•
Laisser une batterie à une pression extrêmement basse peut provoquer une explosion ou une fuite de liquide ou de gaz 
inflammable.
•
Ne pas stocker ni transporter à des pressions inférieures à 11,6 kPa et à une altitude supérieure à 15 000 m.
FRANÇAIS (CANADA)
•
Risque d’incendie ou d’explosion si la batterie est remplacée par un type incorrect.
•
Remplacement d’une batterie par un type incorrect qui peut faire échouer un dispositif de protection (par exemple, 
dans le cas de certains types de batteries au lithium).
•
Élimination d’une batterie dans un feu ou un four chaud, ou écrasement ou découpe mécanique d’une batterie qui 
peuvent entraîner une explosion.
•
Laisser une batterie dans un environnement extrêmement chaud qui peut entraîner une explosion ou une fuite de 
liquide ou de gaz inflammable.
•
Une batterie soumise à une pression d’air extrêmement basse qui peut entraîner une explosion ou une fuite de liquide 
ou de gaz inflammable.
•
Ne pas stocker ni transporter à des pressions inférieures à 11,6 kPa et à plus de 15 000 m d’altitude.

             -
                   -
   

                -
                     -
                  -
 15000       11.6           -
Australia Notice
ENGLISH
•
The appliance is not intended for use by young children or infirm persons without supervision
•
Young Children should be supervised to ensure that do not play with appliance
•
If the appliance is supplied from a cord extension set or an electrical portable outlet device.
•
The cord extension set on electrical portable outlet device must be positioned so that it is not subject to splashing or 
ingress of moisture
34

--- Page 35 ---
WEEE
ENGLISH  (UK, Ireland)
Disposal of your old appliance
1.
This crossed-out wheeled bin symbol indicates that waste electrical and electronic products (WEEE) should be 
disposed of separately from the municipal waste stream.
2.
Old electrical products can contain hazardous substances so correct disposal of your old appliance will help prevent 
potential negative consequences for the environment and human health. Your old appliance may contain reusable 
parts that could be used to repair other products, and other valuable materials that can be recycled to conserve 
limited resources.
3.
You can take your appliance either to the shop where you purchased the product, or contact your local government 
waste office for details of your nearest authorised WEEE collection point. For the most up to date information for 
your country please see www.lg.com/global/recycling
БЪЛГАРСКИ  (Bulgaria)
Изхвърляне на стария уред
1.
Символът със зачертания контейнер показва, че отпадъците от електрическо и електронно оборудване 
(ОЕЕО) трябва да се изхвърлят отделно от битовите отпадъци.
2.
Старите електрически продукти могат да съдържат опасни вещества и правилното изхвърляне на Вашия 
уред ще помогне за предотвратяване на негативните последствия за околната среда и човешкото здраве. 
Вашият стар уред може да съдържа части за многократна употреба, които биха могли да бъдат използвани 
за ремонт на други продукти, както и други ценни материали, които могат да бъдат рециклирани с цел 
запазване на ограничените ресурси.
3.
Можете да занесете Вашия уред или в магазина, от който сте го закупили или можете да се свържете с 
местния държавен офис за отпадъците, за да получите информация за най-близкия разрешен ОЕЕО пункт за 
събиране на отпадъци. За най-актуална информация от Вашата държава, моля, погледнете тук: www.lg.com/
global/recycling
HRVATSKI  (Croatia)
Zbrinjavanje starog uređaja
1.
Ovaj simbol prekrižene kante za smeće na kotačićima označava kako se otpadni električni i električni proizvodi 
(WEEE) moraju zbrinjavati odvojeno od komunalnog otpada.
2.
Dotrajali električni proizvodi mogu sadržavati opasne tvari stoga će ispravno zbrinjavanje vaših dotrajalih uređaja 
pomoći u sprječavanju potencijalnih negativnih posljedica na okoliš i ljudsko zdravlje. Vaš dotrajao uređaj može 
sadržavati dijelove koji se mogu ponovo iskoristiti za popravak drugih proizvoda te druge vrijedne materijale koji se 
mogu reciklirati i tako sačuvati ograničene resurse.
3.
Ovisno o razini smetnje / štete i dobi stavke, stari proizvodi mogu se popraviti za više radnog života koji će spriječiti 
izbjeći otpada. Proizvodi koji nisu prikladni za ponovnu uporabu može se reciklirati da se oporavim vrijedne resurse i 
pomoći da se smanji globalno potrošnju novih sirovina.
4.
Uređaj možete odnijeti u trgovinu u kojoj ste kupili proizvod ili možete kontaktirati ured za zbrinjavanje otpada kod 
vaših mjesnih nadležnih tijela te od njih saznati više informacija o najbližem ovlaštenom WEEE sabirnom centru. Za 
najnovije informacije iz svoje države pogledajte internetske stranice www.lg.com/global/recycling
35

--- Page 36 ---
ČESKY  (Czech)
Likvidace starého přístroje
1. Tento symbol přeškrtnutého koše značí, že odpad z elektrických a elektronických výrobků (WEEE) je nutné 
likvidovat odděleně od linky komunálního odpadu.
2. Staré elektrické výrobky mohou obsahovat nebezpečné látky, takže správná likvidace starých přístrojů pomůže 
zabránit potenciálním negativním důsledkům pro životní prostředí a lidské zdraví. Staré přístroje mohou obsahovat 
znovu použitelné díly, které lze použít k opravě dalších výrobků a další cenné materiály, které lze recyklovat a šetřit 
tak omezené zdroje.
3. Spotřebič můžete zanést buď do obchodu, kde jste ho zakoupili nebo se obrátit na místní správu komunálních 
odpadů, kde získáte podrobné informace o autorizovaném sběrném místě WEEE. Pro poslední aktuální informace z 
vaší země si prosím prostudujte web www.lg.com/global/recycling
DANSK  (Denmark)
Bortskaffelse af dit gamle apparat
1. Dette symbol med en affaldsspand med kryds over angiver at elektrisk og elektronisk affald (WEEE) skal 
bortskaffes og genbruges korrekt, adskilt fra kommunens husholdningsaffald.
2. Gamle elektriske produkter kan indeholde farlige stoffer, så når du bortskaffer dit gamle apparat på korrekt vis, 
hjælper du med at forhindre mulige negative konsekvenser for miljø og mennesker. Dit gamle apparat kan indeholde 
dele som kan genbruges, fx til at reparere andre produkter, eller værdifulde materialer som kan genbruges og 
derved begrænse spild af værdifulde ressourcer.
3. Du kan enten tage apparatet til den butik hvor du købte det, eller kontakte dit lokale affaldskontor angående 
oplysninger om det nærmeste, autoriserede WEEE-samlepunkt. Find de sidste nye oplysninger for dit land på 
www.lg.com/global/recycling
SUOMI  (Finland)
Vanhan laitteesi hävittäminen
1. Tämä ylirastitettu jäteastian merkki ilmaisee, että sähkö- ja elektronikkalaitteiden jätteet (WEEE) tulee pitää 
erillään kotitalousjätteestä ja viedä kunnalliseen kierrätyskeskukseen.
2. Vanhat sähkötuotteet voivat pitää sisällään vaarallisia aineita, joten loppuun käytetyn laitteen oikea hävittäminen 
ehkäisee ympäristö- ja terveyshaittoja. Vanha laitteesi saattaa pitää sisällään uudelleen käytettäviä osia, joita 
voidaan käyttää korjaamaan muita tuotteita, sekä arvokkaita materiaaleja, joita voidaan kierrättää rajoitettujen 
resurssien säästämiseksi.
3. Voit viedä laitteesi joko liikkeeseen, josta hankit tuotteen, tai ottaa yhteyttä paikallishallintosi ympäristötoimistoon 
koskien lähintä valtuutettua WEEE -keräyspistettä. Kaikkein viimeisimmät tiedot koskien maatasi, ks. osoitteessa 
www.lg.com/global/recycling
FRANÇAIS  (France)
Recyclage de votre ancien appareil
1. Ce symbole de poubelle barrée d’une croix indique que votre équipement électrique et électronique (EEE) ne doit 
pas être jeté avec les ordures ménagères. Il doit faire l’objet d’un tri et d’une collecte sélective séparée.
2. Les équipements électriques que vous jetez peuvent contenir des substances dangereuses. Il est donc important 
de les jeter de façon appropriée afin d’éviter des impacts négatifs sur l’environnement et la santé humaine. 
L’équipement que vous jetez peut également contenir des pièces réutilisables pour la réparation d’autres produits 
ainsi que des matériaux précieux pouvant être recyclés pour préserver les ressources de la planète.
3. Vous pouvez rapporter votre appareil au commerçant qui vous l’a vendu ou contacter votre collectivité locale pour 
connaitre les points de collecte de votre EEE. Vous trouverez également des informations à jour concernant votre 
pays en allant sur www.quefairedemesdechets.fr
NEDERLANDS  (Netherlands)
Verwijdering van uw oude apparaat
36

--- Page 37 ---
1. Dit symbool van de doorgekruiste vuilnisbak geeft aan dat afgedankte elektrische en elektronische producten 
(WEEE) afzonderlijk van het huishoudelijke afval moeten worden verwijderd.
2. Oude elektrische producten kunnen gevaarlijke stoffen bevatten, dus een juiste verwijdering van uw oude apparaat 
helpt bij het voorkomen van mogelijke negatieve gevolgen voor het milieu en de volksgezondheid. Uw oude apparaat 
kan herbruikbare onderdelen bevatten die kunnen worden gebruikt voor het repareren van andere producten, en 
andere waardevolle materialen die kunnen worden gerecycled voor het behoud van beperkte grondstoffen.
3. U kunt uw apparaat meenemen naar de winkel waar u het product heeft gekocht, of u kunt contact opnemen 
met uw plaatselijke afvalverwerking instantie voor de gegevens van uw dichtstbijzijnde geautoriseerde WEEE-
verzamelpunt. Voor de meest recente informatie voor uw land verwijzen wij u naar www.lg.com/global/recycling
DEUTSCH  (Germany)
Entsorgung Ihrer Altgeräte
1. Das durchgestrichene Symbol eines fahrbaren Abfallbehälters weist darauf hin, dass Elektro- und Elektronik- 
Produkte (WEEE) getrennt vom Hausmüll entsorgt werden müssen. Bitte entsorgen Sie Altgeräte getrennt von 
anderem Abfall und bringen Sie diese zu einer ausgewiesenen Sammelstelle für das Recycling von elektrischen 
und elektronischen Geräten. Falls die Geräte Batterien oder Lampen enthalten, die vom Endverbraucher ohne 
Beschädigung leicht entnommen werden können, trennen Sie diese bitte vor der Entsorgung von den Hauptgeräten, 
es sei denn, Sie möchten, dass die alten Geräte wiederverwendet werden (alte Batterien und Lampen werden 
getrennt gesammelt). Bitte beachten Sie auch, dass Sie persönlich dafür verantwortlich sind, personenbezogene 
Daten auf dem Gerät zu löschen, bevor Sie Ihre Geräte entsorgen.
2. Alte elektrische Produkte können gefährliche Substanzen enthalten, die eine korrekte Entsorgung dieser Altgeräte 
erforderlich machen, um schädliche Auswirkungen auf die Umwelt und die menschliche Gesundheit zu vermeiden. 
Ihre ausgedienten Geräte können wiederverwendbare Teile enthalten, mit denen möglicherweise andere Produkte 
repariert werden können, aber auch sonstige wertvolle Materialien enthalten, die zur Schonung knapper Ressourcen 
recycelt werden können.
3. Sie können Ihr Gerät entweder in den Laden zurückbringen, in dem Sie das Produkt ursprünglich erworben haben 
oder Sie kontaktieren Ihre Gemeindeabfallstelle für Informationen über die nächstgelegene autorisierte WEEE 
Sammelstelle. Bitte beachten Sie, dass einige* Vertreiber verpflichtet sind :
• bei der Abgabe eines neuen Elektro- oder Elektronikgerätes an einen Endnutzer ein Altgerät des Endnutzers der 
gleichen Geräteart unentgeltlich zurückzunehmen, und
•
Altgeräte, die in keiner äußeren Abmessung größer als 25 Zentimeter sind, im Einzelhandelsgeschäft oder in 
unmittelbarer Nähe hierzu unentgeltlich zurückzunehmen;
Wenn Offline oder Online Händler Neugeräte an Privathaushalte liefern, sind sie verpflichtet, Altgeräte direkt 
bei diesen abzuholen oder Rückgabemöglichkeiten in zumutbarer Entfernung anzubieten. Daher empfehlen wir 
Ihnen sich für weitere Informationen an Ihren Händler zu wenden.
4.
LG Electronic Deutschland GmbH ist ordnungsgemäß als Hersteller in Deutschland registriert. Damit trägt 
LG deutschlandweit zur Sammlung von Elektro- und Elektronik-Altgeräten bei, die Sie in kommunalen 
Getrenntsammelstellen abgeben. Die aktuellsten Informationen finden Sie unter:
www.lg.com/global/recycling oder https://www.lg.com/de/support/altgeraete-rueckgabe.
* Vertreiber mit einer Verkaufsfläche für Elektro- und Elektronikgeräte von mindestens 400 Quadratmetern sowie 
Vertreiber von Lebensmitteln mit einer Gesamtverkaufsfläche von mindestens 800 Quatratmetern, die Elektro- und 
Elektronikgeräte anbieten
ΕΛΛΗΝΙΚΑ  (Greece)
Απόρριψη της παλιάς σας συσκευής
1.
Αυτό το διαγραμμένο σύμβολο του τροχοφόρου κάδου υποδεικνύει ότι τα απόβλητα ηλεκτρικών και ηλεκτρονικών 
προϊόντων (ΑΗΗΕ) πρέπει να απορρίπτονται χωριστά από τα γενικά οικιακά απορρίμματα.
2.
Τα παλιά ηλεκτρικά προϊόντα μπορεί να περιέχουν επικίνδυνες ουσίες και ως εκ τούτου η σωστή απόρριψη 
της παλιάς σας συσκευής αποτρέπει ενδεχόμενες αρνητικές συνέπειες για το περιβάλλον και την ανθρώπινη 
υγεία. Η παλιά σας συσκευή μπορεί να περιέχει επαναχρησιμοποιήσιμα ανταλλακτικά που θα μπορούσαν να 
37

--- Page 38 ---
χρησιμοποιηθούν για την επισκευή άλλων προϊόντων, καθώς και άλλα υλικά αξίας που μπορούν να ανακυκλωθούν 
για εξοικονόμηση των περιορισμένων φυσικών πόρων.
3. Μπορείτε να πάτε τη συσκευή σας, είτε στο κατάστημα από το οποίο αγοράσατε το προϊόν, ή να επικοινωνήσετε 
το τοπικό γραφείο απορριμμάτων για λεπτομέρειες σχετικά με το πλησιέστερο εγκεκριμένο σημείο συλλογής 
ΑΗΗΕ (Απόβλητα Ηλεκτρικών και Ηλεκτρονικών Συσκευών). Για τις πιο πρόσφατες πληροφορίες για τη χώρα σας 
επισκεφθείτε τη διεύθυνση www.lg.com/global/recycling
MAGYAR  (Hungary)
A régi készülék ártalmatlanítása
1. A leselejtezett elektromos és elektronikai termékeket a háztartási hulladéktól elkülönítve kell begyűjteni, a 
jogszabályok által kijelölt módon és helyen.
2. Régi készülékeinek megfelelő leselejtezése segíthet megelőzni az esetleges egészségre vagy környezetre ártalmas 
hatásokat.
3. Ha további információra van szüksége régi készülékeinek leselejtezésével kapcsolatban, lépjen kapcsolatba velünk a 
szelektalok.hu oldalon ahol tájékoztatjuk Önt visszavételi, átvételi, gyűjtési és kezelési kötelezettségeinkről.
ITALIANO  (Italy)
Smaltimento delle apparecchiature obsolete
1. Tutte le apparecchiature elettriche ed elettroniche, contrassegnate da questo simbolo (“bidone della spazzatura 
barrato da una croce”), devono essere raccolte e smaltite separatamente rispetto agli altri rifiuti urbani misti 
mediante impianti di raccolta specifici installati da enti pubblici o dalle autorità locali. Si ricorda che gli utenti finali 
domestici possono consegnare gratuitamente le apparecchiature elettriche ed elettroniche a fine vita presso il 
punto vendita all’atto dell’acquisto di una nuova apparecchiatura equivalente. Gli utenti finali domestici possono 
inoltre consegnare gratuitamente apparecchiature elettriche ed elettroniche di piccolissime dimensioni (non 
eccedenti i 25 cm) a fine vita direttamente presso un punto vendita a ciò abilitato, senza obbligo di acquistare una 
apparecchiatura nuova di tipo equivalente. Si prega di informarsi previamente presso il punto vendita prescelto circa 
tale ultima modalità di conferimento dell’apparecchiatura a fine vita.
2. Il corretto smaltimento dell'unità obsoleta contribuisce a prevenire possibili conseguenze negative sulla salute degli 
individui e sull'ambiente. Una gestione responsabile del fine vita delle apparecchiature elettriche ed elettroniche da 
parte degli utenti contribuisce al riutilizzo, al riciclaggio ed al recupero sostenibile dei prodotti obsoleti e dei relativi 
materiali.
3. Per informazioni più dettagliate sullo smaltimento delle apparecchiature obsolete, contattare l'ufficio del comune 
di residenza, il servizio di smaltimento rifiuti o il punto vendita in cui è stato acquistato il prodotto. (www.lg.com/
global/recycling)
NORSK  (Norway)
Avhending av gamle apparater
1. Dette symbolet av en utkrysset avfallsdunk indikerer at kassert elektronikk og elektroniske produkter (WEEE) skal 
kastes separat fra husholdningsavfall og leveres til den kommunale resirkuleringen.
2. Gamle elektriske produkter kan inneholde farlige stoffer, så korrekt avfallshåndtering av det gamle apparatet 
bidrar til å hindre potensielt negative konsekvenser for miljøet og andres helse. Gamle apparater kan inneholde 
gjenbrukbare deler som kan brukes til å reparere andre produkter og andre verdifulle materialer som kan 
resirkuleres for å bevare begrensede ressurser.
3. Du kan bringe apparatet enten til butikken der du kjøpte produktet, eller ta kontakt med den lokale myndighetens 
avfallskontor for informasjon om nærmeste autoriserte innsamlingspunkt for el-avfall (WEEE-avfall). For den mest 
oppdaterte informasjonen for ditt land, gå til www.lg.com/global/recycling.
POLSKI  (Poland)
Utylizacja starego urządzenia
38

--- Page 39 ---
1. Symbol przekreślonego pojemnika na odpady na kółkach oznacza, że produkty elektryczne lub elektroniczne (WEEE) 
należy zutylizować poza obiegiem odpadów komunalnych.
2. Stare produkty elektroniczne mogą zawierać niebezpieczne substancje. Właściwa utylizacja starego urządzenia 
pozwoli uniknąć potencjalnych negatywnych skutków dla środowiska i zdrowia. Stare urządzenie może zawierać 
części wielokrotnego użytku, które mogą zostać wykorzystane do naprawy innych produktów lub inne wartościowe 
materiały, które można przetworzyć, aby oszczędzać zasoby naturalne.
3. Urządzenie można oddać do sklepu, w którym zostało kupione lub skontaktować się z lokalnym urzędem gospodarki 
odpadami, aby uzyskać informacje o najbliższym punkcie zbiórki WEEE. Aby uzyskać aktualne informacje z 
zakresu gospodarki odpadami obowiązującej w danym kraju, należy odwiedzić stronę http://www.lg.com/global/
sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling/global-network-europe (plik PDF : “For more information about how 
to recycle LG products in your country”.
PORTUGUÊS  (Portugal)
Eliminação do seu aparelho usado
1. Este símbolo de um caixote do lixo com rodas e linhas cruzadas sobrepostas indica que os resíduos de produtos 
elétricos e eletrónicos (REEE) devem ser eliminados separadamente do lixo doméstico.
2. Os produtos elétricos usados podem conter substâncias perigosas, pelo que, a eliminação correta do seu aparelho 
usado pode contribuir para evitar potenciais consequências negativas para o ambiente e saúde humana. O seu 
aparelho usado pode conter peças reutilizáveis que podem ser usadas para reparar outros produtos e outros 
materiais úteis que podem ser reciclados para preservar os recursos limitados.
3. Pode levar o seu aparelho à loja onde o adquiriu, ou contactar a sua entidade local de recolha e tratamento de 
resíduos para obter mais informações relativas ao ponto de recolha de REEE autorizado mais próximo. Para obter 
informações mais atualizadas relativas ao seu país, visite www.lg.com/global/recycling
ROMÂNĂ  (Romania)
Eliminarea aparatului vechi
1. Simbolul de pubelă indică faptul că deșeurile de echipamente electrice și electronice (DEEE) trebuie eliminate 
separat de celelalte deșeuri.
2. Produsele electrice și electronice vechi conțin substanțe periculoase. Astfel, prin eliminarea corespunzătoare veți 
contribui la prevenirea deteriorării mediului înconjurător și al sănătății umane. Este posibil ca dispozitivul dvs. vechi 
să conțină piese componente care pot fi folosite pentru repararea altor produse sau materiale importante ce pot fi 
reciclate în scopul economisirii resurselor limitate.
3. Dispozitivul vechi poate fi returnat magazinului de unde a fost achiziționat sau puteți contacta firma responsabilă 
pentru eliminarea deșeurilor în scopul aflării locației unității autorizate pentru reciclarea deșeurilor electrice și 
electronice (WEEE). Pentru informații mereu actualizate și referitoare la țara dvs. vă rugăm să vizitați pagina web 
www.lg.com/global/recycling.
SRPSKI  (Serbia)
Odlaganje starog aparata
1. Оvaj simbol precrtana kanta za smeće pokazuje da električni i elektronski otpad (WEEE) treba da se odlaže 
odvojeno od običnog komunalnog otpada.
2. Stari električni aparati mogu da sadrže otrovne supstance, tako da će pravilno odlaganje Vašeg starog aparata 
pomoći sprečavanju pojave negativnih posledica po životnu sredinu i zdravlje ljudi. Vaš stari aparat može da sadrži 
delove za višekratnu upotrebu koji se mogu koristiti za zamenu drugih proizvoda i druge vredne materijale koji se 
mogu reciklirati radi očuvanja ograničenih resursa.
3. Vaš aparat možete da odnesete u radnju gde ste ga kupili ili da kontaktirate lokalnu vladinu kancelariju za otpad 
kako biste dobili informaciju o najbližoj autorizovanoj WEEE stanici za odlaganje ovog otpada. Za najnovije 
informacije za Vašu zemlju, molimo Vas da pogledate web stranicu www.lg.com/global/recycling.
SLOVENČINA  (Slovakia)
Zneškodnenie starého spotrebiča
39

--- Page 40 ---
1. Tento symbol prečiarknutého odpadkového koša na kolieskach znamená, že odpad z elektrických a elektronických 
zariadení (WEEE) musí byť zneškodnený samostatne od komunálneho odpadu.
2. Staré elektrické produkty môžu obsahovať nebezpečné latky, preto správne zneškodnenie vášho starého spotrebiča 
pomôže zabrániť potenciálnym negatívnym dopadom na prostredie a ľudské zdravie. Váš starý spotrebič môže 
obsahovať diely, ktoré možno opätovne použiť na opravu iných produktov, a iné cenné materiály, ktoré možno 
recyklovať s cieľom chrániť obmedzené zdroje.
3. Svoj spotrebič môžete zaniesť do predajne, kde ste produkt zakúpili, alebo sa môžete obrátiť na oddelenie odpadov 
miestnej samosprávy a požiadať o informácie o najbližšom zbernom mieste odpadu z elektrických a elektronických 
zariadení (WEEE). Najnovšie informácie platné pre vašu krajinu nájdete na stránke www.lg.com/global/recycling
SLOVENŠČINA  (Slovenia)
Odstranjevanje vaše stare naprave
1. Prečrtan simbol smetnjaka opozarja, da je treba odpadne električne in elektronske izdelke (OEEI) odstranjevati 
ločeno od ostalih komunalnih odpadkov.
2. Odpadni električni izdelki lahko vsebujejo nevarne snovi, zato s pravilnim odstranjevanjem stare naprave prispevate 
k preprečevanju morebitnih negativnih vplivov na okolje in zdravje ljudi. Vaša stara naprava lahko vsebuje dele, ki jih 
je mogoče uporabiti za popravilo drugih izdelkov, in druge dragocene materiale, ki jih je mogoče reciklirati in s tem 
ohraniti omejene vire.
3. Svojo napravo lahko odnesete v trgovino, kjer ste jo kupili, ali pa se glede podrobnosti o najbližjem pooblaščenem 
zbirnem mestu za odpadno električno in elektronsko opremo obrnite na lokalno komunalno podjetje. Za najnovejše 
informacije za svojo državo si oglejte www.lg.com/global/recycling.
ESPAÑOL  (Spain)
Símbolo para marcar AEE
1. El símbolo del contenedor de basura tachado con un aspa indica que la recogida separada de aparatos eléctricos y 
electrónicos (AEE) debe realizarse de manera separada.
2. Los productos eléctricos antiguos pueden contener sustancias peligrosas de modo que la correcta eliminación del 
antiguo aparato ayudará a evitar posibles consecuencias negativas para el medio ambiente y para la salud humana. 
El antiguo aparato puede contener piezas reutilizables que podrían utilizarse para reparar otros productos y otros 
materiales valiosos que pueden reciclarse para conservar los recursos limitados.
3. Este producto contiene pilas y/o acumuladores. Siempre que no sea necesaria la intervención de un profesional 
cualificado para ello, y antes del depósito final del producto en las instalaciones de recogida selectiva, usted debe 
extraer las pilas y acumuladores de forma segura y separadamente para su adecuada gestión.
4. Puede llevar el aparato a cualquiera de los centros autorizados para su recogida. Para obtener la información más 
actualizada para su país por favor visite www.lg.com/global/recycling
CATALÀ  (Spain)
Eliminació de l'aparell vell
1. Aquest símbol d'un contenidor amb rodes ratllat amb una creu indica que els residus de productes elèctrics i 
electrònics (RAEE) han d'eliminar-se per separat dels residus urbans.
2. Els productes elèctrics vells poden contenir substàncies perilloses, per la qual cosa elimineu de forma correcta el 
vostre aparell vell per evitar possibles efectes negatius en el medi ambient i en la salut de les persones. L'aparell 
vell pot contenir peces reutilitzables que es poden fer servir per reparar altres productes, a més d'altres materials 
valuosos que es poden reciclar per preservar els recursos limitats.
3. Podeu portar l'aparell a la botiga on el vau comprar o contactar amb l'oficina de reciclatge de l'administració local 
perquè us indiquin el punt de recollida RAEE autoritzat més pròxim. Per obtenir la informació més actualitzada del 
vostre país, consulteu www.lg.com/global/recycling
SVENSKA  (Sweden)
Bortskaffning av den gamla produkten
40

--- Page 41 ---
1. Den överkorsade soptunnesymbolen indikerar att elektroniskt och elektriskt avfall (WEEE) ska sorteras separat 
från hushållsavfallet och lämnas in till en av kommunen anvisad plats för återvinning.
2. Kasserade elektroniska och elektriska produkter kan innehålla farliga substanser, korrekt avfallshantering av 
produkten förhindrar negativa konsekvenser för miljön och den mänskliga hälsan. Din gamla produkt kan även 
innehålla återanvändningsbara delar som kan användas för att reparera andra produkter samt innehålla värdefulla 
ämnen som kan återvinnas för att spara jordens resurser.
3. Du kan ta din gamla produkt till butiken där du köpte den eller kontakta din kommun för information om närmaste 
WEEE-uppsamlingsställe. För att få den senaste informationen för ditt land, gå till www.lg.com/global/recycling
РУССКИЙ  (Russia)
Утилизация старого оборудования
1. Этот перечеркнутый символ мусорной корзины указывает на то, что отработанные электрические и 
электронные изделия (WEEE) следует утилизировать отдельно от бытовых отходов.
2. Старые электрические изделия могут содержать опасные вещества, поэтому правильная утилизация старой 
техники поможет предотвратить возможные негативные последствия для окружающей среды и здоровья 
человека. Старая техника может содержать детали, которые могут быть повторно использованы для 
ремонта других изделий, а также другие ценные материалы, которые можно переработать, чтобы сохранить 
ограниченные ресурсы.
3. Вы можете отнести свое устройство в магазин, где оно был приобретено, либо связаться с органами 
местного самоуправления для получения подробных сведений о ближайшем пункте приема отходов 
электрического и электронного оборудования (WEEE). Для получения актуальной информации относительно 
вашей страны обращайтесь по адресу: www.lg.com/global/recycling
TÜRKÇE  (Türkiye)
Eski cihazınızın atılması
1. Tüm elektrikli ve elektronik atıklar, devlet ya da yerel yetkililer tarafından belirlenen toplama merkezlerinde ayrı 
olarak imha edilmelidir. Atık eletrikli ve elektronik aletler belediyeler tarafından kurulan toplama noktalarına teslim 
edilmeli veya aldığınız yeni ürünü satıcınız adresinize teslim ederken, satıcınızdan atık elektrikli ve elektronik 
aletinizi teslim almasını istemelisiniz.
2. Atık ürünün doğru imhası çevre ve insan sağlığı üzerindeki potansiyel olumsuz sonuçların engellenmesine yardımcı 
olacaktır.
3. Bu işareti içeren ürünler tehlikeli madde içerebilir. Ürünler içerisindeki tehlikeli maddeler çevre kirlenmesine veya 
yaralanma/ölüme sebebiyet verebilir.
4. AEEE Yönetmeliğine Uygundur.
5. Eski ürününüzün imhası hakkında daha fazla bilgi için lütfen belediyeniz ya da ürünü aldığınız mağaza ile iletişime 
geçiniz. (www.lg.com/global/recycling)
УКРАЇНСЬКА  (Ukraine)
Утилізація старого обладнання
1. Цей перекреслений символ сміттєвого кошика вказує, що відпрацьовані електричні та електронні вироби 
(WEEE) потрібно утилізувати окремо від побутових відходів.
2. Старі електричні вироби можуть містити небезпечні речовини, тому правильна утилізація старого обладнання 
допоможе запобігти можливим негативним наслідкам для навколишнього середовища та здоров’я людини. 
Старе обладнання може містити деталі, які можуть бути використані повторно для ремонту інших виробів, а 
також інші цінні матеріали, які можливо переробити, щоб зберегти обмежені ресурси.
3. Ви можете віднести свій прилад в магазин, де його було придбано, або зв’язатися з органами місцевого 
самоврядування, щоб отримати докладні відомості про найближчий пункт прийому відходів електричного та 
електронного обладнання (WEEE). Щоб отримати найсвіжішу інформацію щодо вашої країни, звертайтеся за 
адресою: www.lg.com/global/recycling
ҚАЗАҚША  (Kazakhstan)
41

--- Page 42 ---
Ескі жабдықты жою және қайта өңдеу
1. Сызылған қоқыс белгісі, пайдаланылған электр өнімдерін (WEEE өнімдері) тұрмыстық қалдықтардан бөлек 
тастау керектігін көрсетеді.
2. Ескі электр бұйымдарында қауіпті заттар болуы мүмкін, сондықтан ескі жабдықты дұрыс тастау қоршаған 
ортаға және адам денсаулығына жағымсыз салдардың алдын алуға көмектеседі. Сіздің ескі құрылғыңызда 
басқа өнімдерді жөндеуге қолданылатын қайта пайдалануға болатын бөлшектер, сондай-ақ шектеулі 
ресурстарды үнемдеу үшін қайта өңдеуге болатын басқа құнды материалдар болуы мүмкін.
3. Сіз өзіңіздің құрылғыңызды өнімді сатып алған дүкенге апара аласыз немесе WEEE-дің ең жақын уәкілетті 
жинау орны туралы білу үшін жергілікті муниципалды қалдықтарды басқару кеңсесіне жүгіне аласыз. Сіздің 
еліңіз үшін ең соңғы ақпаратты www.lg.com/global/recycling сайтына қарауға болады.
EESTI  (Estonian)
Vana seadme hävitamine
1. Läbikriipsutatud ristiga prügikasti sümbol tähendab, et elektri- ja elektroonikaseadmete (WEEE) jäätmed tuleb 
kõrvaldada olmeprügist eraldi.
2. Vanad elektriseadmed võivad sisaldada ohtlikke koostisosi, seega aitab prügi nõuetekohane hävitamine vältida 
võimalikku negatiivset mõju loodusele ja inimeste tervisele. Teie kasutatud seade võib sisaldada taaskasutatavaid 
osi, millega saab parandada teisi seadmeid ning muid väärtuslikke materjale, mida saab taaskasutada, et säilitada 
piiratud ressursse.
3. Saate viia oma seadme kas kauplusse, kust see on ostetud või võtta ühendust kohaliku prügiveo ettevõttega, et 
saada lisainfot oma lähima WEEE jäätmete kogumiskoha kohta. Kõige ajakohasemat infot oma riigi kohta vaadake 
www.lg.com/global/recycling
LATVIEŠU  (Latvian)
Jūsu vecās ierīces likvidēšana
1. Šis simbols – pārsvītrota atkritumu tvertne uz riteņiem – norāda, ka elektrisko un elektronisko iekārtu atkritumi 
(EEIA) jāutilizē atsevišķi no sadzīves atkritumu plūsmas.
2. Veci elektriskie izstrādājumi var saturēt bīstamas vielas, tādēļ jūsu vecās ierīces pareiza utilizācija palīdzēs novērst 
iespējamās negatīvās sekas videi un cilvēka veselībai. Jūsu vecā ierīce var saturēt vairākkārt izmantojamas detaļas, 
kuras var izmantot citu izstrādājumu remontam, un citus vērtīgus materiālus, kurus var pārstrādāt, tādējādi 
saglabājot ierobežotus resursus.
3. Jūs varat aiznest ierīci vai nu uz veikalu, kurā šo izstrādājumu iegādājieties, vai sazināties ar vietējās pašvaldības 
atkritumu savākšanas iestādi un uzzināt sīkāku informāciju par tuvāko oficiālo EEIA savākšanas punktu. Jaunāko 
informāciju par savu valsti skatiet vietnē www.lg.com/global/recycling.
LIETUVIŲ K.  (Lithuanian)
Seno prietaiso utilizavimas
1. Išbrauktos šiukšlių dėžės simbolis rodo, kad elektros ir elektronikos įrangos atliekas (EEĮA) reiktų utilizuoti atskirai 
nuo buitinių atliekų.
2. Senoje elektrinėje įrangoje gali būti pavojingų medžiagų, taigi tinkamas seno prietaiso utilizavimas padės 
apsisaugoti nuo galimų neigiamų pasekmių aplinkai ir žmonių sveikatai. Jūsų sename prietaise gali būti dalių, kurias 
galima panaudoti dar kartą taisant kitą įrangą, ir kitų vertingų medžiagų, kurias galima perdirbti siekiant tausoti 
ribotus išteklius.
3. Savo prietaisą galite nugabenti į parduotuvę, kurioje jį įsigijote, arba kreipkitės į vietos valdžios atliekų tarnybą 
ir sužinokite, kur yra artimiausia EEĮA surinkimo vieta. Norėdami gauti daugiau informacijos apie savo šalies 
reikalavimus, apsilankykite www.lg.com/global/recycling.
42

