Brand: CORE-INNOVATIONS
Model: Clc14364
URL: https://www.manua.ls/core-innovations/clc14364/manual
Total Pages: 27
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
CORE 
INNOVATIONS
TM
14.1” Laptop with Windows™ 10 S
CLC14364
User Manual

--- Page 2 ---
2
1.  This laptop works best in non-tropical areas below 6560 feet (2000 
meters). 
2.  Protect your device from impact from bumps and falls.
3.  Do not use this device for extended periods of time in environments that 
are either too cold, too hot, too humid or too dusty. Do not expose the 
device to direct sunlight.
4.  Avoid using this device in strong magnetic and static environments as 
much as possible.
5.  If the device comes into contact with water or any other liquid, power 
it o immediately and wait for it to dry completely before turning it on 
again.
6.  Do not clean the device with any cleaning products containing 
chemicals, to avoid damage caused by corrosion and dampness. When 
cleaning is necessary, use a dry, soft cloth.
7.  The company shall not be held responsible for the loss or deletion of 
material inside the device caused by abnormal software and hardware 
operation, maintenance or any other accidents.
8.  Please regularly back up important data and les to avoid loss.
9.  Please do not disassemble the device by yourself; doing so will void the 
warranty.
Read Before Use

--- Page 3 ---
3
Unit at a Glance
1.  Power Button: Turn your device on or o. Use to set your device to 
Sleep or to wake it from Sleep.
2.  Front Camera: Take photos and videos.
3.  Touchpad: Use the touchpad to move your cursor.
2
6
6
1
4
3
14
11
12
13
14
7
9
8
10
FRONT TOP
BOTTOM
LEFT RIGHT
5

--- Page 4 ---
4
4.  Keyboard: Use the keyboard for typing.
5.  Indicators: 
1 - The rst light from the left indicates that the Power is on.  
2 - The middle light indicates that Caps Lock is on. 
3 - The third is the Num Lock indicator. When this light is on, you may 
use the secondary keys on your keyboard.
6.  Microphone: Transmits audio signals.
7.  Charging Indicator: Red light illuminates when connected to a power 
adapter.
8.  Charging Port: 12V/2A charger.
9.  USB Input: Connect external USB devices.
10. Mini-HDMI
®
 Output: Connect your laptop to a monitor, TV or 
other HDMI
®
-enabled device.
11. USB Input: Connect external USB devices.
12. Headphone Jack: Transmit audio signals to speakers or headphones.
13. Micro SD Card Slot: Built-in memory card reader slot that supports 
Micro SD format up to 64GB.
14. Speakers: Built-in 2x1W speakers allow you to playback sound without 
connecting external devices.
Unit at a Glance (Continued)
Fully charge your laptop for at least six hours before initial use. Use the 
included wall charger. The battery indicator will conrm that your device is 
charging.
Turn your laptop on by pressing and holding the power key for two seconds.
Once the screen is loaded, connect to your Wi-Fi
®
 network. To wake the 
screen from sleep, press the power key and the lock screen should appear. 
Next, press the upwards arrow key () and log in. Sign in if your laptop 
requires a password to log in.
Getting Started
Use your information to create a user account. You can use this 
account to create, modify or remove other accounts on this 
device.

--- Page 5 ---
5
Windows™ 10 S Start Menu  
You will see many applications xed on the Start menu. These apps are 
displayed in the form of magnets, allowing you to easily visit programs at the 
click of a button. You will need to log in to your Microsoft™ account before 
the applications can fully run. 
Learn more about Windows™ 10 S at:  
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/s-mode 
Interface Introduction

--- Page 6 ---
6
Microsoft™-Veried Security  
With Windows™ 10 in S mode, your favorite applications, such as Oce, 
Evernote and Spotify are available from the Microsoft™ Store where they’re 
Microsoft™-veried for security. Feel secure when you’re online. Microsoft 
Edge™, your default browser, gives you more protection against phishing 
and socially-engineered malware than Chrome or Firefox. 
Switching out of S Mode  
Windows™ 10 in S mode is designed for security and performance, 
exclusively running apps from the Microsoft™ Store. If you want to install an 
app that isn’t available in the Microsoft™ Store, you’ll need to switch out of 
S mode. 
Note: Switching out of S mode is one-way. If you make the switch, you won’t 
be able to go back to Windows™ 10 in S mode. You may switch back only if 
a software upgrade is made available. We recommend that you back up all 
your les onto an external hard drive before switching OS. Switching out of S 
mode is free of charge.
To switch out of S Mode, follow these steps: 
1. Make sure you are logged into the Microsoft™ Store.
Windows™ 10 in S Mode

--- Page 7 ---
7
2. In the Microsoft™ Store, search for “Switch out of S Mode.”
3. Click on the Get button. Once the software has downloaded, click on the 
Install button and follow the onscreen instructions to complete the setup.
Windows™ 10 in S Mode (Continued)

--- Page 8 ---
8
In addition to the applications already xed on the Start Menu, all other apps 
can be accessed from your laptop’s homepage. To add multiple apps to the 
Start Menu:
1.  Right click on the app icon you wish to pin to the Start Menu
2.  Select Pin to Start
Conversely, if you want to remove an app from the Start Menu:
1.  Right click on the app icon
2.  Select Unpin from Start
Applications Introduction

--- Page 9 ---
9
The Menu bar is located within your Windows™   Start Menu, found at the 
bottom of your screen. 
Menu Bar
You can download more apps from the Microsoft™ Store found on 
the Windows™ Start Menu.
Note: You need a Microsoft™ account to be able to download apps. You can 
create an account by logging on to https://account.microsoft.com/account 
Once you’ve created an account, go to the Microsoft™ Store app on 
your laptop and sign in by clicking the       icon.
Downloading Apps
PC: Allows you to set up, lock and 
sign out 
Documents: Opens the Documents 
folder in your laptop
Pictures: Opens the Pictures folder 
in your laptop
Settings: Setup and customize your 
device
Power: Sleep, shutdown or restart 
your device

--- Page 10 ---
10
You can see notications on the Action Center. 
The Search Bar can be found in your Start Menu. Use it to nd documents 
or les stored in your device. You can also use the Search Bar to search for 
anything on the Web when an Internet connection has been setup. 
Search

--- Page 11 ---
11
Here are some things Cortana™ can do for you: 
 ● Give you reminders based on time, places, or people.
 ● Track packages, teams, interests, and ights.
 ● Send emails and texts.
 ● Manage your calendar and keep you up to date.
 ● Create and manage lists.
 ● Find facts, les, places, and info.
 ● Open any app on your system.
Note: Cortana™ is only available in certain countries/regions, and some 
Cortana™ features might not be available everywhere.
What is Cortana™? 
Cortana™ is your virtual assistant. She’ll help you get things done. The more 
you use Cortana™, the more personalized your experience will be. 
To get started, type a question in the search box, or select the microphone 
and talk to Cortana™. (If you would like to talk to Cortana, make sure your 
mic is enabled.) 
You can also set Cortana™ to respond to "Hey Cortana™" from the Settings 
Menu by clicking on Start > Cortana™ > Settings > Cortana & Search 
Settings. 
Cortana™

--- Page 12 ---
12
Multitasking allows you to use multiple desktops to organize your les and 
documents more eciently.
1.  Click the Task View button next to the search bar, or press Alt+Tab on 
your keyboard to switch between or view apps.
2.  To use two or more apps at a time, grab the top of an app window and 
drag it to the side. Then choose another app and it’ll automatically snap 
into place.
3.  Create dierent desktops for home and work by selecting Task View > 
New Desktop, and then opening the apps you want to use.
Multitasking
Clicking on the Power Button gives 
you access to the Sleep, Restart, and 
Shutdown operations. Briey press 
the Power Button on your keyboard to 
enter Sleep Mode.
Basic Operations

--- Page 13 ---
13
The Action Center allows you to view and manage your accumulated 
notications. It also gives you quick access to commonly customized 
settings. 
To open the Action Center, click on the Windows Key ( ) on your keyboard 
while pressing the letter A. 
Action Center
Bluetooth: Turn Bluetooth
®
 on or o. 
Network: Connect to a Wi-Fi
®
 network. 
Location: Enable or disable location settings.
Nightlight: Shift your display to reduce blue light and emit warmer colors to 
help you get a better night’s sleep.
Settings: Access all device settings. 
Connect: Connect to a wireless display or audio device. 
Battery Saver: Activate to save battery. 
Airplane Mode: Select to activate airplane mode.

--- Page 14 ---
14 14
You can view your battery status at the lower right corner of the Lock Screen 
or the lower right corner of Desktop Taskbar. 
Battery

--- Page 15 ---
15
Connecting to Devices
You can connect your laptop to dierent devices with a USB cable or 
wirelessly via Bluetooth
®
/Wi-Fi
®
. 
Pair with a Bluetooth
®
 Device
1.  Turn on your Bluetooth
®
 device to make it discoverable.
2.  Open the Action Center. Click and hold “Bluetooth”. Select “Go To 
Settings”.
3.  Wait for your laptop to search for Bluetooth
®
 devices. When the 
Bluetooth
®
 device appears, follow the on-screen instructions to nish 
pairing.
Setup a Printer or Scanner 
Click “All Settings” in the Action Center > Devices.
Available printers and scanners on your Wi-Fi
®
 network will be listed. If you 
do not see your printer, click "The printer that I want isn't listed" and follow 
the prompts.
Project to a Second Screen  
Connect your laptop to a TV or monitor via HDMI
®
 to watch movies, work 
with multiple apps, share presentations and more.
Connect to a Wireless Display
1.  Open the Action Center and click "Connect".
2.  Your laptop will search for wireless display and audio devices.
3.  Choose the wireless device you wish to connect to and follow the on-
screen instructions.
CLC14364

--- Page 16 ---
16
Create Tiles 
Pin your favorite apps and websites to the Start Screen. 
Personalizing Your Laptop
To pin an app: 
Click and hold the desired app, then select "Pin to Taskbar".
To pin a website (Microsoft™ Edge Browser only): 
Go to the website using the installed Micrisoft™ Edge Browser. Click (...) on 
the right hand side. Select "Pin to Start".
Customize Your Tiles 
Customize your Start Screen by changing around the tiles any way you like.
To move a tile: Click and drag to where you want it. 
To resize a tile: Click and hold a tile, select "Resize" (...), and choose the 
size you want for the tile. 
To unpin a tile from Start: Click and hold a tile. Select "Unpin from 
Start" (...), then "Remove the Tile".

--- Page 17 ---
17
Personalizing Your Laptop (Continued)
Background and Color  
You can also customize the Start Screen colors and background. At the 
Start Screen, open the Action Center and click "All Settings", then select 
"Personalization". 
Personalize Your Lock Screen  
Open the Action Center, and click "All Settings". Select Personalization > 
Lock screen > Congure your options. 
Personalize Your Desktop  
To customize your desktop, go to your desktop and open the Action 
Center. Click “Personalization”. You may now change the theme, desktop 
background, colors and more.
Notications and Actions  
Notications should appear in the top right corner of the screen. To hide 
notications, open the Action Center > All Settings > System > Notications 
and Actions. 
Lock-Screen Notications: To edit app notications on the lock screen, 
open All Settings in the Action Center. Select "Personalization", then "Lock 
Screen". 
Choose apps to show a quick status.

--- Page 18 ---
18
Wi-Fi
®
 can only be used when the device connects to a Wi-Fi
®
 Access Point 
(AP) or a free, unsecured Wi-Fi
®
 hotspot.
NOTE: This laptop supports 2.4GHz Wi-Fi
®
 networks only.
Turn On Wi-Fi
®
  
Within the Action Center menu, select the "Network" icon. 
Under "Network & Internet Settings", switch on Wi-Fi
® 
 to scan for available 
networks. 
Your laptop will list the networks it nds. Click a network to connect. 
When connected, the wireless indicator appears on the status bar. The white 
lines indicate connection strength.
Network

--- Page 19 ---
19
Turn O Wi-Fi
®
  
Under "Networks", click Wi-Fi
® 
again. Turn o Wi-Fi
®
 when you are not using 
it to extend the life of your battery between charges. 
Forget a Wi-Fi
®
 Network  
Click "All Settings" in the Action Center > Network and Internet > Wi-Fi >  
Manage Known Networks > then select the network you wish to delete and 
click "Forget". 
Connect to a Virtual Private Network (VPN).  
This laptop has built-in support for VPN. You can also install third-party VPN 
Software, if available in the Windows™ Store. To connect to a VPN, open the 
Action Center and click "VPN". Select "Add a VPN connection" and enter a 
VPN to connect. 
Disconnect from a VPN  
Toggle the VPN switch under the Action Center. Turn o VPN when not in 
use to extend the life of your battery.
Network (Continued)

--- Page 20 ---
20
Choose whether you want to use a Microsoft™ account or a local account. 
Microsoft™ Account  
Use this account to sign into Windows™ and shop for apps in the 
Windows™ Store. All your les are also saved to OneDrive™ by default, 
allowing you to access them from any device.
Local Account  
You can only use a local account on your laptop and cannot connect to the 
cloud. 
Manage Your Accounts  
There are two ways you can manage your accounts: 
1.  Action Center
 ● Open the Action Center and click "All Settings".
 ● Click Accounts > Set Access for other Accounts. 
2.  Sign-in Options
 ● You can also create a PIN password to sign in to your laptop. To 
access other sign-in options, go to "All Settings" in the Action Center. 
Click "Accounts", then select "Sign-in Options" and follow the on-
screen instructions. 
Change your Password
1.  Open the Action Center > Tap "All Settings".
2.  Click "Accounts" > "Sign-in Options".
3.  Choose "User Accounts" from the search results.
4.  Under "Password", select "Change" and follow the on-screen 
instructions.
User Accounts
Lock or Sign Out  
Your laptop will automatically lock when not in use for a while. You can 
manually lock or sign out from the Start Screen by clicking the "More 
Options" icon ( ) on the top left.

--- Page 21 ---
21
Ease of Access settings allow you to customize your laptop's accessibility 
settings to cater to your needs.
For Ease of Access Settings: 
1.  Open the Action Center > click "All Settings"
2.  Click "Ease of Access".
3.  Congure your settings.
Activate Windows: Install the latest version of Windows™ on your laptop 
with your product key. 
Devices: Manage your laptop settings, including display, typing, power and 
sleep. Manage Bluetooth
®
 and other devices. Get laptop information.
Accounts: Manage and create dierent user accounts.
Privacy: Change your privacy settings, location settings, webcam settings, 
microphone settings, etc.
Network: Manage your network connections.
Time and Language: Set date and time. Set region and language.
Ease of Access: Control accessibility settings: narrator, magnier, high 
contrast and keyboard options can be adjusted to your needs. 
Update and Security: Update Windows™, save copies of your settings and 
recover or reinstall your laptop. Change security settings.
Ease of Access
Laptop Settings

--- Page 22 ---
22
Refresh Device
1.  In the Action Center, click "All Settings"
2.  Click on "Update and Security", then click "Recovery"
3.  Choose how you want to refresh the device
Restart Device
1.  In the Action Center, click "All Settings"
2.  Click on "Update and Security", then click "Recovery"
3.  Choose "Restart Now"
Processor
Operating System
Storage
Display
Network
Headphone Output
USB Ports
HDMI
®
Bluetooth
®
Camera
Power
Speakers
Charging
Restart
Specications
Intel
®
 Celeron
®
 N3350 Processor
Windows™ 10 Home in S Mode
3GB RAM, 64GB Storage
14.1” LCD Screen (1366x768)
Wi-Fi
®
 Enabled: 2.4GHz 802.11b/g/n
3.5mm Headphone Jack
USB Inputs x 2
Mini HDMI
®
 Output
Compatible with Bluetooth
®
0.3 MP
Rechargeable Li-Polymer Battery
DC IN 12V, 2A
2x1 W Speakers
12V 
 
2A
NS2108

--- Page 23 ---
23
For customer support regarding your device, please submit a request by 
emailing support@dpaudiovideo.zendesk.com. You will be provided a 
ticket number regarding your inquiry, which you can refer to when contacting 
us further.
You may also reach a Core Innovations customer service representative 
by calling 1-833-909-CORE (1-833-909-2673). We are available Monday 
- Friday, 9am - 5pm PST, except major holidays. Core Innovations strongly 
urges customers to email their inquiry prior to calling, as this will enable us to 
better assist you.
Please make sure to note the model number and a description of your 
inquiry.
Thank you for purchasing a Core Innovations product.
Need Help?
© 2021 Core Innovations. All rights reserved. Core Innovations is a trademark 
of Core Innovations LLC. Formatted capacity will be less. Windows, OneDrive 
and Cortana are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corp in the United States 
and other countries. Intel, the Intel logo, the Intel Inside logo, and Intel Celeron 
are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries. © 2021 Bluetooth SIG, 
Inc. All rights reserved. The Bluetooth trademarks—including the BLUETOOTH 
word mark, the gure mark (the runic “B” and oval design), and the combination 
mark (Bluetooth word mark and design)—are owned by the Bluetooth SIG. Wi-Fi 
is a registered trademark of the Wi-Fi Alliance. The Adopted Trademarks HDMI, 
HDMI High-Denition Multimedia Interface, and the HDMI Logo are trademarks or 
registered trademarks of HDMI Licensing Administrator, Inc. in the United States 
and other countries and used by Core Innovations under a permissions process 
granted to the manufacturer as an adopter. USB and MicroSD are used to solely 
describe the compatibility of our technology and in no way is intended to infringe 
on any intellectual property rights of any respective protected marks. This device 
complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two 
conditions: (1) this device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device 
must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause 
undesired operation. MicroSD card not included. Core Innovations is not aliated 
with Microsoft
®
. 1 year warranty from date of purchase, 90 days only on labor.

--- Page 24 ---
24
Limited Warranty  
Core Innovations (the "Company") warrants this new product purchased and 
contained in this package (the "Product") against defects in material or workmanship 
for 90 Days (Parts & Labor) and 1 Year (Limited). In order for the Company to honor 
this limited warranty, you must present a valid proof of purchase (i.e. a receipt) 
of this Product. IMPORTANT NOTE: The customer is encouraged to carefully 
inspect the Product upon receipt after purchase – especially prior to any assembly, 
disassembly, mounting, installation or utilizing a third-party product of any kind, 
such as a decorative or protective cover or case.
This warranty is void if the Company deems, in its discretion, that the Product 
may have been damaged when the packaging was opened, through modication, 
improper transport, improper storage, improper use, improper assembly or 
disassembly, exposure to adverse elements, mounting or other installation, end 
user negligence, water damage or tampering of the barcode of the Product. This 
warranty does not apply: (a) to cosmetic damage, including but not limited to screen 
damage, a cracked display, scratches, dents and broken ports; (b) to damage 
caused by accident, abuse, misuse, re, water vapor exposure, excessive exposure 
to humidity, water or other liquid contact, earthquake or other external cause; (c) to 
defects caused by normal wear and tear or otherwise due to the normal aging of the 
product; (d) if any serial number has been removed or defaced from the product; 
or (e) to damage caused by installation or mounting, assembly or disassembly, use 
with a third party device, cable, protective or decorative cover/case, component or 
product that does not meet the Company’s product specications. This warranty is 
a limited warranty for repair of the Product or replacement of the Product with a new 
or refurbished product, subject to the conditions set forth herein. 
The Company is not liable for consequential, indirect, incidental, special or punitive 
damages and the Company’s total liability hereunder shall not exceed an amount 
greater than the retail purchase price of the product.
90 Days Parts & Labor  
The Company warrants to you as the original retail purchaser of the Product, that 
should the Product have any warranted defect out of the packaging, under normal 
conditions, such defect(s) will be repaired or replaced with a new or refurbished part 
(at the Company’s sole discretion) without charge, if the Product is submitted to the 
Warranty Information

--- Page 25 ---
25
Warranty Information
Company within a period of ninety (90) calendar days from the date of purchase 
of the Product. The customer is responsible for transportation cost and insurance 
charges (if applicable) to the Company and must be able to document a clear proof 
of delivery to the Company as well as proof of registered receipt by the Company. It 
is the customer's responsibility to retain original packaging or provide like packaging 
in order to facilitate the warranty repair or replacement process. The Company 
will incur no liability whatsoever to provide packaging for warranty items. Should 
the product be damaged en route to the Company due to insucient or improper 
packaging or improper transport, the warranty may be voided. You must receive 
a return authorization number (RMA#) before sending the unit in for service. This 
warranty only applies to manufacturer defects, and the Product must be returned to 
the Company in its original condition.
1 Year Limited Parts 
If determined to be covered under warranty, the one (1) year limited parts warranty 
gives the customer the option to return the Product to the Company for repair or 
replacement. The customer will be responsible for labor charges. This warranty 
does not cover any incidental or indirect costs incurred as a result of a defect in the 
Product, including any consequential, incidental or indirect damages.

--- Page 26 ---
Core Innovations intends to make this manual accurate and complete. However, Core 
Innovations makes no claim that the information contained herein covers all details and 
conditions. The information in this document is subject to change without notice at any time. 
Core Innovations assumes no responsibility for accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained in this manual.
CORE 
INNOVATIONS
TM

--- Page 27 ---
FCC Caution

This device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the
following two conditions: (1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and (2)
this device must accept any interference received, including interference that may
cause undesired operation.
Any Changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for
compliance could void the user's authority to operate the equipment.
Note: This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class
B digital device, pursuant to part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to
provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residential installation.
This equipment generates uses and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not
installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference
to radio communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not
occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference to
radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off
and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the
following measures:
-Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
-Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
-Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the
receiver is connected.
-Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.
The device has been evaluated to meet general RF exposure requirement. The device
can be used in portable exposure condition without restriction.

