Brand: LG
Model: Gram 17Z90T
URL: https://www.manua.ls/lg/gram-17z90t/manual
Total Pages: 186
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
LG EASY GUIDE
NOTEBOOK
17Z90T/17ZB90T Series
www.lg.com
Copyright © 202
5 LG Electronics Inc. All rights reserved.

--- Page 2 ---
Instruction/Safety Information
Using LG Easy Guide, LG Troubleshooting
LG Electronics Inc. provides LG Easy Guide  (User's Guide) and LG Troubleshooting  (Troubleshooting Guide) to users for 
their easy and convenient use of the product.
• Select the Start button [ ] > [All apps] and run [LG Easy Guide]  or [LG Troubleshooting].
Information/Precautions Before Using
Before reading LG Easy Guide, first check the following information.
• This LG Easy Guide  has been written for the Windows 11 operating system.
•
The screen and menu configurations may differ from this manual depending on the status of the Windows and 
software update.
•
Representative images are used in LG Easy Guide. Product purchased may differ in appearance and color.
•
LG Easy Guide  includes instruction about optional products. There may be information about products you did not 
purchase.
•
The contents of LG Easy Guide  are subject to change without prior notice.
•
Use, duplication, or reproduction of any part of LG Easy Guide  without prior permission from LG Electronics Inc. is 
strictly prohibited.
•
LG Electronics Inc. does not provide warranty for data loss. In order to minimize damage from data loss, please make 
backup copies of important data.
•
The optical disk drive (DVD, CD-ROM, etc.) is optional and may not be provided upon purchasing the product.
Safety Precaution Notations
The below symbols are to inform you of dangers and safety concerns that you must be aware of. Read the symbol-
indicated instructions with caution to avoid any possible mishap.
2

--- Page 3 ---
!
Warning:
Appears in the case of noncompliance with the instruction that may cause serious physical damage or fatal 
injuries.
!
Caution:
Appears in the case of noncompliance with the instruction that may cause minor damage to the body or the 
machine.
Text Notations
The symbols below are used to display information required to use the product. Familiarize yourself with the instructions 
marked by the symbols to ensure proper operation of the product.
Tip:
Indicates that the following information is added to help the user utilize the machine more conveniently.
Option:
The Option symbol indicates that the concerned device is not included in the product package and thus has to be 
purchased separately, or the device may not be applied to the user's machine depending on model type.
Manufacturer and Copyright
Manufacturer and Copyright represent the logo and trademark of the manufacturer, and bear no relationship to the 
functions supported by the product.
•
Microsoft™, MS™, WinPE™, and Windows®  are the registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation™.
•
USB Type-C®  and USB-C®  are registered trademarks of USB Implementers Forum. USB 2.0 Type-C™  is a trademark 
of USB Implementers Forum.
•
Intel®  and Intel®  logo, Intel®  Core™, Thunderbolt™  and Thunderbolt™  logo, Intel®  Unison™  and Intel®  Unison™ 
logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Intel and/or subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.
•
Manufactured under license from Dolby Laboratories. Dolby, Dolby Atmos and the double-D symbol are registered 
trademarks of Dolby Laboratories Licensing Corporation.
•
NVMe™  is a trademark of NVM Express, Inc
•
Wi-Fi®  is a registered trademark of Wi-Fi Alliance Corporation.
• The Bluetooth®  word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by the Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and any use of such 
marks by LG Electronics is under license. Other trademarks and trade names are those of their respective owners.
• Google, Android, Google Play, Google Play logo, and other marks are the trademarks of Google LLC.
•
iPhone is the trademark of Apple Inc. registered in U.S.A. and other countries. App Store is the service mark of Apple 
Inc.
•
DisplayPort™  and DisplayPort™  logo are trademarks owned by the Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA®) 
in the United States and other countries.
3

--- Page 4 ---
LG logo is a registered trademark of LG Electronics Inc.
microSD®  and the microSD logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of SD-3C, LLC.
The terms HDMI, HDMI High-Definition Multimedia Interface, HDMI Trade Dress and the HDMI Logos 
are trademarks or registered trademarks of HDMI Licensing Administrator, Inc.
LG Easy Guide  may contain undetectable errors despite our dedicated efforts to provide users with reliable information. 
We ask for your understanding.
The illustrated figures in LG Easy Guide  may differ in appearance with the actual products.
Unauthorized reproduction or duplication of any part of LG Easy Guide  is strictly prohibited.
LG Electronics Inc. reserves the right to modify any part of this manual for quality purposes, without prior notice.
Copyright (C) 2025 LG Electronics Inc. Digitalmate Co., LTD
Country of Origin China
Manufacturer LG Electronics Inc.
Open Source Software Notice Information
To obtain the source code that is contained in this product, under GPL, LGPL, MPL, and other open source licenses that 
have the obligation to disclose source code, and to access all referred license terms, copyright notices and other relevant 
documents please visit https://opensource.lge.com.
LG Electronics will also provide open source code to you on CD-ROM for a charge covering the cost of performing such 
distribution (such as the cost of media, shipping, and handling) upon email request to opensource@lge.com.
This offer is valid to anyone in receipt of this information for a period of three years after our last shipment of this 
product.
System Protection Feature
If the system becomes too hot, the system protection feature automatically stops recharging and switches the power 
mode to Hibernate or Off.
The PC system has to cool down before it can be reactivated.
Information on Hard Drive/Memory Capacity
Information on Hard Drive (HDD, SSD, eMMC) Capacity
The hard drive capacity shown by Windows is lower than that stated by the hard drive manufacturer due to a difference in 
calculation.
4

--- Page 5 ---
Manufacturer Hard drive manufacturers use a decimal definition of 1 KB = 1,000 Bytes.
100 GB Storage Device (HDD, SSD, eMMC): 100,000 MB / 1,000 Bytes = 100 GB
Windows Windows use the binary definition of 1 KB = 1,024 Bytes.
100 GB Storage Device (HDD, SSD, eMMC): 100,000 MB / 1,024 Bytes = 97.6 GB
RAM Capacity
RAM capacity shown by Windows may be lower than the actual capacity because the PC uses shared memory for BIOS and 
the integrated graphics card.
Due to BIOS using shared memory, 1,024 MB RAM may be reported as 1,022 MB or slightly less.
If the PC has integrated graphics card, 1,024 MB RAM may be reported as 1,022 MB or less than 1,000 MB.
Symbols
Refers to alternating current (AC).
Refers to direct current (DC).
Refers to class II equipment.
Refers to stand-by.
Refers to “ON” (power).
Refers to dangerous voltage.
Adjusting Volume (earphone/headphone and speakers)
Before using the earphone/headphone and speakers, check if the volume is too high.
!
Caution:
To prevent hearing damage, do not use in high volume for a long term.
Important Safety Precautions
Please use the machine in the proper environment to extend the machine's lifespan. Use the machine in a safe and stable 
place.
The warranty does not cover any damage resulting from reckless use or use in undesirable environments.
5

--- Page 6 ---
Product Installation/Usage Precautions
!
Caution:
Place the machine in a safe place so it does not fall.
• If dropped, the machine may be damaged or cause an injury.
Use the product in a clean, dust-free environment.
• Otherwise, the system may not function properly.
Do not place any objects within 6 inches of the PC.
• Lack of ventilation may overheat the PC from inside and put users at risk of burn injuries.
Do not store or use the PC near a magnetic object (i.e. a bag with a magnetic object, a diary, a 
wallet, a memo board, high-powered speakers, a bracelet, or etc.).
• Otherwise, the storage device (HDD, SSD, eMMC) and the system may be damaged, and the 
system may fail to operate properly.
Do not use the PC on a bag with magnetic objects attached to it.
•
Otherwise, the storage device and the system may be damaged, and the system may fail to 
operate properly.
Operate the product where there is no electromagnetic interference.
• Keep a proper distance between the PC and electronic appliances such as radios or speakers 
that generate strong magnetic fields.
•
Otherwise, data may be lost from the storage device (HDD, SSD, eMMC) or the screen color 
may be damaged.
Do not connect a key-phone line to a wired LAN port.
• A fire may occur or the product may get damaged.
If the screen is damaged, do not touch it with your hands.
• Contact the call center as it may cause an injury.
Be careful not to pinch your fingers in the connecting (hinge) part of the PC when opening or 
closing the PC, as it may lead to injury.
• This may lead to bodily injury.
6

--- Page 7 ---
!
Do not leave any objects such as a pen between the keyboard and the screen.
• You might break the screen by unwittingly closing the PC with a foreign object remaining on 
the keyboard.
Do not tap or scratch the screen with a sharp object.
• It may cause impairment.
Ensure the power is off before closing the PC.
• The product may catch fire, be broken or deformed due to temperature rise.
Do not impose excessive force on the screen or drop it.
• The screen may be damaged.
Do not lean the screen backward too much. Do not apply too much force to the screen.
• The screen or the moving parts may be damaged.
To clean the screen, use designated agents and soft cloth and rub the screen in one direction.
• Too much force may damage the screen.
When handling PC parts, follow the instructions in the manual.
• Otherwise, the product may get damaged.
Install a vaccine program on your PC and do not download illegal programs nor access any cor
ruptive web site such as those pushing pornographic contents.
• The system may be infected and impaired.
Do not insert devices other than designated ones in the ports.
• Otherwise, the product may get damaged.
Do not press the eject button while the optical disk drive (CD/DVD/Blu-ray)  is running.
• An error may occur or the disc may be ejected, causing injury.
7

--- Page 8 ---
!
Do not use a damaged optical disc (CD/DVD/Blu-ray).
• Otherwise, the product may get damaged or cause physical injury.
Avoid using a wireless LAN connection within the 16 foot radius of a microwave or plasma lamp. 
If you have to use wireless LAN and a plasma bulb within the range, do so between channels 11 
and 13.
• The transmission rate may drop even if the connection is made.
Turn off the PC if you are not going to use it for an extended period of time.
• It may overheat the battery.
Make sure that the memory cover is securely closed before turning on the PC.
• Do not use the machine when the memory cover is open. It may damage the machine.
Please use parts certified by LG Electronics Inc.
• Otherwise, a fire or product damage may occur.
If there is a problem with peripheral devices, contact the call center.
• The product may get damaged.
Handle devices and parts of the machine with care.
• The product may get damaged.
Do not drop any part or device of the machine while disassembling it.
• If dropped, it may be damaged and cause an injury.
!
Warning:
Dispose of the desiccating agent and plastic wrap properly.
• The desiccating agent and plastic wrap may cause suffocation.
8

--- Page 9 ---
!
Do not use the machine in damp places like a laundry room or bathroom.
• Moisture may cause a glitch or electric shock.
•
Please use the machine within the appropriate temperature range (50 °F to 95 °F) and hu
midity range (20 % RH to 80 % RH).
Clean the PC with a proper agent and dry it completely before using it again.
• If the PC is wet while used, an electric shock or fire may occur.
When lightning flashes in your area, disconnect the power, wired LAN and other connections.
• An electric shock or fire may occur.
Do not leave a cup or other containers filled with watery substance near the PC.
• In the case that liquid goes inside the PC, a fire or electric shock may occur.
If you have dropped or damaged the PC, disconnect the power and contact the call center for a 
safety check.
• If a damaged PC is used continuously, an electric shock or fire may occur.
Do not put a lit candle or live cigarette on the PC.
• A fire may occur.
If you detect or smell smoke from the PC, stop use immediately and disconnect the power 
source before contacting the call center.
• A fire may occur.
As the adapter can be hot, do not touch it with bare skin while using it.
• Extended period of exposure may cause burn.
The bottom of the PC gets hot when the system is in operation. Do not touch or put it on your 
lap.
• Extended period of exposure may cause burn.
Do not play PC games excessively.
• Playing a PC game for an extended period of time may cause a mental disorder. It may also 
inflict physical impairments on the elderly and children.
9

--- Page 10 ---
!
Do not put your finger or an object into PC ports.
• An injury or electric shock may occur.
Ask one of our engineers to run a safety check after your computer has been repaired.
• Otherwise, an electric shock or fire may occur.
For minors, we recommend a program that blocks access to illegal or pornographic web sites.
• Minors' exposure to adult-only contents may inflict psychological instability or even trauma. 
Take extra precaution for your children if the whole family is using this machine.
Keep the machine away from heat-emitting devices such as a heater.
• The product may get deformed or catch on fire.
Prevent children from thrusting their finger into the optical disk drive (CD/DVD/Blu-ray)  tray.
• The finger may be stuck in the tray and injured.
Do not block the ventilation hole with any object.
• Otherwise, an electric shock may occur.
When upgrading your PC, turn off the power and disconnect the power cable, battery, and LAN.
• There is a risk of electric shock or fire and the product may be damaged.
When you upgrade the PC, ensure that children will not swallow any parts including bolts.
• If a child swallows a nut, he or she may suffocate.
•
In that case, seek emergency help immediately.
Do not disassemble or modify the machine arbitrarily.
• There is a risk of electric shock and the product may be no longer covered by the warranty.
If you dissemble the PC, connect the power after reassembly is done.
• There is a risk of electric shock or product damage, if you touch the disassembled PC.
10

--- Page 11 ---
!
Do not put in metal items such as coins, hair pin or other irons or inflammables such as paper or 
matches. Especially, ensure that children will not do so.
• There is a risk of product damage, fire, or electric shock.
•
If any foreign substance gets in the product, unplug the product and contact the call center.
Product Storage/Transportation Precautions
!
Caution:
Before carrying the machine, turn off the power and disconnect all the cables.
• Otherwise, you may trip over the wire, damaging the PC and sustaining an injury.
Do not carry the machine with the PC open.
• Otherwise, the product may get damaged.
Protect the machine from any shock while carrying it.
• System damage or an injury may result.
Carry the product in a bag designed for it.
• Carrying it in another type of bag may result in product damage.
Do not put any heavy object on the PC.
• There is the risk of malfunction. If the object were to fall, it may cause an injury or damage 
the machine.
!
Warning:
During air travel, follow the directions of flight attendants.
• Using the PC during flight may cause an aircraft accident.
When leaving the machine in a car, avoid exposure to direct sunlight.
• The product may get deformed or catch on fire due to a temperature rise.
11

--- Page 12 ---
!
Do not put any heavy object on the power cable and adapter, and avoid damage from impacts.
• A malfunction or fire may occur.
Do not leave the powered-on PC in a space without enough ventilation (i.e. bags) for an extend
ed or repeated time.
• The battery may overheat and cause a fire.
Battery and Adapter Precautions
!
Warning:
When the PC is not used for an extended period of time, keep the battery level at about 50 %.
• Do not leave the product with discharged battery for an extended period of time. It may 
damage the battery.
Charge the battery only with the provided instrument.
• Otherwise, the battery may be damaged presenting a risk of fire.
Do not throw or disassemble the battery.
• The resulting damage may cause an injury, explosion, or fire.
Use batteries certified and acknowledged by LG Electronics Inc.
• Otherwise, an explosion or fire may occur.
Prevent the battery from being in contact with any metallic object like a car ignition key or a pa
per clip.
• Otherwise, this may cause damage to the battery, a fire or burn due to overheat in the bat
tery.
Keep the battery away from heat.
• Otherwise, an explosion or fire may occur.
Do not short-circuit the battery.
• Otherwise, it may explode.
12

--- Page 13 ---
!
Do not dispose of a spent or backup (standby) battery arbitrarily.
• It may explode or cause a fire.
•
Disposal methods may differ by country and region. Dispose of spent batteries in accordance 
with the laws and safety rules of the country and region you reside in.
If you find leakage or smell bad odor from the battery, remove the battery and contact the call 
center.
• It may explode or cause a fire.
Do not store in places with temperatures above 140 °F and high humidity (in cars or saunas).
• It may explode or cause a fire.
Keep the battery out of the reach of children or pets.
• If damaged, it may cause an injury.
Keep the battery from being pierced by a sharp object or chewed by pets.
• It may explode or cause a fire.
Do not put the battery in water.
• Otherwise, the battery may be damaged or explode.
Do not use the PC on top of carpet, blanket or bed. Also, do not put the adapter under the blan
ket.
• This may cause a malfunction, fire or burn due to overheat in the PC and adapter.
Read the battery usage precautions carefully before use.
• The battery should be stored indoors and used and stored in accordance with the usage 
method described in the user manual.
Connect the power plug properly by pushing it to the end.
• If a contact failure occurs, it may cause product damage or fire.
Do not bend the power cable for adapter too much or get stamped by a sharp object.
• The wires inside the cable may break and cause electric shock or fire.
13

--- Page 14 ---
!
Do not use loose plugs or damaged power cords.
• An electric shock or fire may occur.
Do not touch the power cord with your hands wet.
• Otherwise, an electric shock may occur.
Pull the plug, not the cord, to disconnect the adapter and power jack.
• Otherwise, a fire or product damage may occur.
Operate the product at the proper voltage.
• Excessive voltage may result in damage on the product, electric shock or fire.
Use power outlets with an earth pin installed and proper supply of rated electricity.
• An electric leakage may cause an electric shock or fire.
•
The shape of the power cord and outlet may differ by country and region.
In the case of strange noise from the cord or plug, disconnect the power cord from the outlet 
immediately and contact the call center.
• A fire or electric shock may occur.
Use the power supply/adapter provided with the product and never disassemble the product.
• Using a different product or disassembling it may cause an electric shock or fire.
Always keep the adapter and power outlet clean.
• A fire may occur.
Keep children and pets from damaging the power cord.
• It may cause a fire or an electric shock.
Disconnect the PC completely before cleaning it.
• Otherwise, an electric shock or impairment may occur.
If the adapter or the product is soaked, disconnect the battery, adapter, and all other lines before 
contacting the call center.
• An electric shock or fire may occur.
14

--- Page 15 ---
!
Ensure that the battery pack is locked to the machine after installation.
• Otherwise, the battery may be damaged.
Other Safety Precautions
!
Caution:
Handle the machine with care to prevent loss of data from the storage device (HDD, SSD, 
eMMC).
• Since the storage device is fragile, you need to back up your important data frequently.
•
The manufacturer is not responsible for any storage device data loss caused by a user's mis
take.
Damage to the storage device (HDD, SSD, eMMC) and data loss may occur when:
• External shocks are inflicted on the machine while disassembling or installing it.
•
The machine is reset (i.e. restarted) or turned on again after a power outage while the stor
age device is operating.
•
The PC is infected with a virus, tainting the data irrecoverably.
•
Abrupt turning-off of the PC can damage the PC.
• If the product is moved, shaken or exposed to external shock while the storage device is run
ning, file damage or bad sectors may occur.
To minimize data loss resulting from storage device damage (HDD, SSD, eMMC), frequently back 
up important data.
• The manufacturer is not responsible for any data loss.
We do not refund or replace a product that malfunctions due to the installation or use of an op
erating system other than the one provided by LG Electronics Inc.
• Some software applications may not work properly in other operating systems. Such malfunc
tions are not covered by the warranty.
15

--- Page 16 ---
ENERGY STAR®
ENERGY STAR®
ENERGY STAR®  Specifications
• LG Electronics Inc. participates in ENERGY STAR®  and the energy efficiency of this product com
plies with the specifications of ENERGY STAR®.
•
ENERGY STAR®  is a set of regulations that encourages manufacturers of electronic devices to 
create more energy efficient products.
•
The energy consumption of this product was decreased along with the cost. Also, it helps pre
serve natural resources.
•
The PC is set to switch to Modern Standby after 5 minutes of inactivity.
•
To leave sleep mode, click a mouse button or press any key on the keyboard.
Power Management Options
The power management options of this PC is configured as follows.
Tip:
The settings of the power management options may be changed upon Windows update.
•
Turn off the display:  Turns off the screen when you don't use the PC for a set period of time.
!
Warning:
The screen is set to never turn off, which uses more power and results in higher carbon emissions.
16

--- Page 17 ---
• Put the computer to sleep:  Switches to the Sleep mode when you don't use the PC for a set period of time.
!
Warning:
Sleep is set to Never, which uses more power and results in higher carbon emissions.
Regulatory Notices
UK Notice
ENGLISH
•
Hereby, LG Electronics declares that the radio equipment type PC is in compliance with the relevant statutory 
requirements. The full text of the UK declaration of conformity is available at the following internet address:
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
The use of the 5150-5350 MHz and 5945-6425 MHz band (if applicable) is restricted to indoor use only. This 
restriction exists in the United Kingdom (UK).
European Union Notice
ENGLISH
•
Hereby, LG Electronics declares that the radio equipment type PC is in compliance with Directive 2014/53/EU.
The full text of the EU declaration of conformity is available at the following internet address:
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
The use of the 5150-5350 MHz and 5945-6425 MHz band (if applicable) is restricted to indoor use only.
This restriction exists in Belgium (BE), Bulgaria (BG), Czech Republic (CZ), Denmark (DK), Germany (DE), Estonia 
(EE), Ireland (IE), Greece (EL), Spain (ES), France (FR), Croatia (HR), Italy (IT), Cyprus (CY), Latvia (LV), Lithuania (LT), 
Luxembourg (LU), Hungary (HU), Malta (MT), Netherlands (NL), Austria (AT), Poland (PL), Portugal (PT), Romania 
(RO), Slovenia (SI), Slovakia (SK), Finland (FI), Sweden (SE), Northern Ireland (UK(NI)), Switzerland (CH), Iceland (IS), 
Liechtenstein (LI) and Norway (NO).
ESPAÑOL
•
Por la presente, LG Electronics declara que el tipo de equipo de radio ordenador cumple con la Directiva 2014/53/UE.
El texto completo de la declaración de conformidad con la legislación de la Unión Europea está disponible en el 
siguiente sitio web:
17

--- Page 18 ---
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
Las bandas de 5150-5350 MHz y 5945-6425 MHz (si procede) solo pueden utilizarse en interiores.
Esta restricción existe en Bélgica (BE), Bulgaria (BG), República Checa (CZ), Dinamarca (DK), Alemania (DE), Estonia 
(EE), Irlanda (IE), Grecia (EL), España (ES), Francia (FR), Croacia (HR), Italia (IT), Chipre (CY), Letonia (LV), Lituania 
(LT), Luxemburgo (LU), Hungría (HU), Malta (MT), Países Bajos (NL), Austria (AT), Polonia (PL), Portugal (PT), Rumanía 
(RO), Eslovenia (SI), Eslovaquia (SK), Finlandia (FI), Suecia (SE), Irlanda del Norte (UK(NI)), Suiza (CH), Islandia (IS), 
Liechtenstein (LI) y Noruega (NO).
CATALÀ
• Mitjançant aquest escrit, LG Electronics declara que l'equip de ràdio d'aquest ordinador compleix amb la Directiva 
2014/53/UE.
El text complet de la declaració de conformitat de la UE està disponible a l'adreça d'Internet següent:
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
L'ús de les bandes de 5150-5350 MHz i 5945-6425 MHz (si escau) està restringit exclusivament a l'ús en interiors. 
Aquesta restricció existeix a Bèlgica (BE), Bulgària (BG), República Txeca (CZ), Dinamarca (DK), Alemanya (DE), Estònia 
(EE), Irlanda (IE), Grècia (EL), Espanya (ES), França (FR), Croàcia (HR), Itàlia (IT), Xipre (CY), Letònia (LV), Lituània 
(LT), Luxemburg (LU), Hongria (HU), Malta (MT), Països Baixos (NL), Àustria (AT), Polònia (PL), Portugal (PT), Romania 
(RO), Eslovènia (SI), Eslovàquia (SK), Finlàndia (FI), Suècia (SE), Irlanda del Nord (UK(NI)), Suïssa (CH), Islàndia (IS), 
Liechtenstein (LI) i Noruega (NO).
PORTUGUÊS
•
Pela presente, a LG Electronics declara que o computador tipo equipamento de rádio está em conformidade com a 
Diretiva 2014/53/UE.
O texto integral da declaração de conformidade da UE está disponível no seguinte endereço da Internet:
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
A utilização da banda de 5150-5350 MHz e 5945-6425 MHz (se aplicável) está restrita à utilização em interiores.
Esta restrição existe na Bélgica (BE), Bulgária (BG), Republica Checa (CZ), Dinamarca (DK), Alemanha (DE), Estónia 
(EE), Irlanda (IE), Grécia (EL), Espanha (ES), França (FR), Croácia (HR), Itália (IT), Chipre (CY), Letónia (LV), Lituânia 
(LT), Luxemburgo (LU), Hungria (HU), Malta (MT), Holanda (NL), Áustria (AT), Polónia (PL), Portugal (PT), Romania 
(RO), Eslovénia (SI), Eslováquia (SK), Finlândia (FI), Suécia (SE), Irlanda do Norte (UK(NI)), Suíça (CH), Islândia (IS), 
Liechtenstein (LI) e Noruega (NO).
POLSKI
•
Niniejszym firma LG Electronics oświadcza, że komputer wykorzystujący sprzęt radiowy jest zgodny z dyrektywą 
2014/53/UE.
Pełny tekst deklaracji zgodności UE jest dostępny pod następującym adresem internetowym:
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
Pasmo 5150–5350 MHz i 5945–6425 MHz (jeśli ma zastosowanie) jest ograniczone tylko do użytku wewnątrz 
pomieszczeń.
Ograniczenie to występuje w Belgii (BE), Bułgarii (BG), Republice Czeskiej (CZ), Danii (DK), Niemczech (DE), Estonii 
(EE), Irlandii (IE), Grecji (EL), Hiszpanii (ES), Francji (FR), Chorwacji (HR), we Włoszech (IT), na Cyprze (CY), na Łotwie 
(LV), na Litwie (LT), w Luksemburgu (LU), na Węgrzech (HU), na Malcie (MT), w Holandii (NL), Austrii (AT), Polsce 
(PL), Portugalii (PT), Rumunii (RO), Słowenii (SI), Słowacji (SK), Finlandii (FI), Szwecji (SE), Irlandii Północnej (UK(NI)), 
Szwajcarii (CH), na Islandii (IS), w Liechtensteinie (LI) i Norwegii (NO).
ITALIANO
•
Con la presente, LG Electronics dichiara che l’apparecchiatura radio tipo PC è conforme con la Direttiva 2014/53/UE.
Il testo completo della Dichiarazione di conformità UE è disponibile al seguente indirizzo Internet:
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
18

--- Page 19 ---
L’uso della banda 5.150-5.350 MHz e 5.945-6.425 MHz (se applicabile) è limitata al solo uso in ambienti interni.
La presente restrizione esiste in Belgio (BE), Bulgaria (BG), Repubblica Ceca (CZ), Danimarca (DK), Germania (DE), 
Estonia (EE), Irlanda (IE), Grecia (EL), Spagna (ES), Francia (FR), Croazia (HR), Italia (IT), Cipro (CY), Lettonia (LV), 
Lituania (LT), Lussemburgo (LU), Ungheria (HU), Malta (MT), Paesi Bassi (NL), Austria (AT), Polonia (PL), Portogallo 
(PT), Romania (RO), Slovenia (SI), Slovacchia (SK), Finlandia (FI), Svezia (SE), Irlanda del Nord (UK(NI)), Svizzera (CH), 
Islanda (IS), Liechtenstein (LI) e Norvegia (NO).
DEUTSCH
• Hiermit erklärt LG Electronics, dass das Funkgerät vom Typ PC der EU-Richtlinie 2014/53/EU entspricht.
Der vollständige Text der EU-Konformitätserklärung steht zur Verfügung unter folgender Internetadresse:
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
Die Frequenzbänder im Bereich 5150 - 5350 MHz und 5945 - 6425 Mhz (soweit vorhanden) dürfen nur im 
Innenbereich benutzt werden.
Diese Einschränkung besteht in Belgien (BE), Bulgarien (BG), Tschechien (CZ), Dänemark (DK), Deutschland (DE), 
Estland (EE), Irland (IE), Griechenland (EL), Spanien (ES), Frankreich (FR), Kroatien (HR), Italien (IT), Zypern (CY), 
Lettland (LV), Litauen (LT), Luxemburg (LU), Ungarn (HU), Malta (MT), Niederlande (NL), Österreich (AT), Polen (PL), 
Portugal (PT), Rumänien (RO), Slowenien (SI), Slowakei (SK), Finnland (FI), Schweden (SE), Nordirland (UK(NI)), Schweiz 
(CH), Island (IS), Liechtenstein (LI) und Norwegen (NO).
MAGYAR
•
LG Electronics igazolja, hogy a PC típusú rádióberendezés megfelel a 2014/53/EU irányelvnek.
Az EU-megfelelőségi nyilatkozat teljes szövege elérhető a következő internetes címen:
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
Az 5150-5350 MHz és a 5945-6425 MHz sáv használata (ha alkalmazható) csak beltéri használatra korlátozódik.
Ez a korlátozás Belgiumban (BE), Bulgáriában (BG), a Cseh Köztársaságban (CZ), Dániában (DK), Németországban 
(DE), Észtországban (EE), Írországban (IE), Görögországban (EL), Spanyolországban (ES), Franciaországban (FR), 
Horvátországban (HR), Olaszországban (IT), Cipruson (CY), Lettországban (LV), Litvániában (LT), Luxemburgban (LU), 
Magyarországon (HU), Máltán (MT), Hollandiában (NL), Ausztriában (AT), Lengyelországban (PL), Portugáliában (PT), 
Romániában (RO), Szlovéniában (SI), Szlovákiában (SK), Finnországban (FI), Svédországban (SE), Észak-Írországban 
(UK(NI)), Svájcban (CH), Izlandon (IS), Liechtensteinban (LI) és Norvégiában (NO) érvényes.
NEDERLANDS
•
Hierbij verklaar ik, LG Electronics, dat het type radioapparatuur PC conform is met Richtlijn 2014/53/EU.
De volledige tekst van de EU-conformiteitsverklaring kan worden geraadpleegd op het volgende internetadres:
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
De 5150-5350 MHz- en 5945-6425 MHz-band kunnen (indien van toepassing) alleen binnenshuis worden gebruikt.
Deze beperking geldt voor België (BE), Bulgarije (BG), Tsjechië (CZ), Denemarken (DK), Duitsland (DE), Estland (EE), 
Ierland (IE), Griekenland (EL), Spanje (ES), Frankrijk (FR), Kroatië (HR), Italië (IT), Cyprus (CY), Letland (LV), Litouwen 
(LT), Luxemburg (LU), Hongarije (HU), Malta (MT), Nederland (NL), Oostenrijk (AT), Polen (PL), Portugal (PT), Roemenië 
(RO), Slovenië (SI), Slowakije (SK), Finland (FI), Zweden (SE), Noord-Ierland (UK(NI)), Zwitserland (CH), IJsland (IS), 
Liechtenstein (LI) en Noorwegen (NO).
ROMÂNĂ
•
Prin prezenta, LG Electronics declară că tipul de echipamente radio al computerului personal (PC) este în conformitate 
cu Directiva 2014/53/UE.
Textul integral al declarației UE de conformitate este disponibil la următoarea adresă internet:
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
Utilizarea benzii de 5150 - 5350 MHz și a celei de 5945 - 6425 MHz (dacă este cazul) este restricționată doar la 
interior.
19

--- Page 20 ---
Aceste restricţii există în: Belgia (BE), Bulgaria (BG), Republica Cehă (CZ), Danemarca (DK), Germania (DE), Estonia 
(EE), Irlanda (IE), Grecia (EL), Spania (ES), Franţa (FR), Croaţia (HR), Italia (IT), Cipru (CY), Letonia (LV), Lituania (LT), 
Luxemburg (LU), Ungasria (HU), Malta (MT), Olanda (NL), Austria (AT), Polonia (PL), Portugalia (PT), România (RO), 
Slovenia (SI), Slovacia (SK), Finlanda (FI), Suedia (SE), Irlanda de Nord (UK(NI)), Elveţia (CH), Islanda (IS), Liechtenstein 
(LI) şi Norvegia (NO).
FRANÇAIS
• Par la présente, LG Electronics déclare que l’équipement radio de type PC est en conformité avec la Directive 2014/53/
EU.
Le texte intégral de la déclaration de conformité UE est disponible à l’adresse suivante:
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
L’utilisation des bandes de fréquences 5 150 - 5 350 MHz et 5 945 - 6 425 MHz (le cas échéant) est limitée à un 
usage en intérieur.
Cette restriction existe en Belgique (BE), Bulgarie (BG), République Tchèque (CZ), Danemark (DK), Allemagne (DE), 
Estonie (EE), Irlande (IE), Grèce (EL), Espagne (ES), France (FR), Croatie (HR), Italie (IT), Chypre (CY), Lettonie (LV), 
Lituanie (LT), Luxembourg (LU), Hongrie (HU), Malte (MT), Pays-Bas (NL), Autriche (AT), Pologne (PL), Portugal (PT), 
Roumanie (RO), Slovénie (SI), Slovaquie (SK), Finlande (FI), Suède (SE), Irlande du Nord (UK(NI)), Suisse (CH), Islande 
(IS), Liechtenstein (LI) et Norvège (NO).
DANSK
•
Hermed erklærer LG Electronics, at radioudstyrstypen PC er i overensstemmelse med direktiv 2014/53/EU.
Den fulde tekst af EU-overensstemmelseserklæringen er tilgængelig på følgende internetadresse:
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
Brugen af 5150-5350 MHz- og 5945-6425 MHz-båndet er kun forbeholdt indendørs brug.
Denne begrænsning gælder i Belgien (BE), Bulgarien (BG), Tjekkiet (CZ), Danmark (DK), Tyskland (DE), Estland (EE), 
Irland (IE), Grækenland (EL), Spanien (ES), Frankrig (FR), Kroatien (HR), Italien (IT), Cypern (CY), Letland (LV), Litauen 
(LT), Luxembourg (LU), Ungarn (HU), Malta (MT), Holland (NL), Østrig (AT), Polen (PL), Portugal (PT), Rumænien (RO), 
Slovenien (SI), Slovakiet (SK), Finland (FI), Sverige (SE), Nordirland (UK(NI)), Schweiz (CH), Island (IS), Liechtenstein 
(LI) og Norge (NO).
SUOMI
•
Täten LG Electronics vakuuttaa, että radiolaitetyyppi PC on direktiivin 2014/53/EU mukainen.
Tämän EU-yhdenmukaisuusjulistuksen koko teksti löytyy seuraavasta Internet-osoitteesta:
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
Taajuusalueen 5 150 – 5 350 MHz ja 5 945 – 6 425 MHz (jos sovellettavissa) käyttö on sallittua vain sisätiloissa.
Tämä rajoitus on havaittu Belgia (BE), Bulgaria (BG), Tšekin tasavalta (CZ), Tanska (DK), Saksa (DE), Viro (EE), Irlanti 
(IE), Kreikka (EL), Espanja (ES), Ranska (FR), Kroatia (HR), Italia (IT), Kypros (CY), Latvia (LV), Liettua (LT), Luxemburg 
(LU), Unkari (HU), Malta (MT), Alankomaat (NL), Itävalta (AT), Puola (PL), Portugali (PT), Romania (RO), Slovenia (SI), 
Slovakia (SK), Suomi (FI), Ruotsi (SE), Pohjois-Irlanti (UK(NI)), Sveitsi (CH), Islanti (IS), Liechtenstein (LI) ja Norja (NO).
NORSK
•
LG Electronics erklærer herved at radioutstyret av typen PC er i samsvar med Direktiv 2014/53/EU.
Den fullstendige teksten til EU-samsvarserklæringen er tilgjengelig hos følgende internettadresse:
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
Bruken av 5150–5350 MHz og 5945–6425 MHz-båndet (hvis aktuelt) er begrenset til innendørs bruk.
Denne begrensningen finnes i Belgia (BE), Bulgaria (BG), Tsjekkia (CZ), Danmark (DK), Tyskland (DE), Estland (EE), 
Irland (IE), Hellas (EL), Spania (ES), Frankrike (FR), Kroatia (HR), Italia (IT), Kypros (CY), Latvia (LV), Litauen (LT), 
20

--- Page 21 ---
Luxembourg (LU), Ungarn (HU), Malta (MT), Nederland (NL), Østerrike (AT), Polen (PL), Portugal (PT), Romania (RO), 
Slovenia (SI), Slovakia (SK), Finland (FI), Sverige (SE), Nord-Irland (UK(NI)), Sveits (CH), Island (IS), Liechtenstein (LI) 
og Norge (NO).
SVENSKA
• Härmed intygar LG Electronics att radioutrustningstypen PC är i överensstämmelse med direktiv 2014/53/EU.
Den fullständiga texten av EU-försäkran om överensstämmelse finns på följande Internetadress:
http://www.lg.com/global/support/cedoc/cedoc#
5 150 – 5 350 MHz- och 5 945 – 6 425 MHz-bandet får bara användas inomhus.
Denna begränsning existerar i Belgien (BE), Bulgarien (BG), Tjeckiska Republiken (CZ), Danmark (DK), Tyskland (DE), 
Estland (EE), Irland (IE), Grekland (EL), Spanien (ES), Frankrike (FR), Kroatien (HR), Italien (IT), Cypern (CY), Lettland 
(LV), Litauen (LT), Luxemburg (LU), Ungern (HU), Malta (MT), Nederländerna (NL), Österrike (AT), Polen (PL), Portugal 
(PT), Rumänien (RO), Slovenien (SI), Slovakien (SK), Finland (FI), Sverige (SE), Nordirland (UK(NI)), Schweiz (CH), Island 
(IS), Liechtenstein (LI) och Norge (NO).
CE RF Radiation Exposure Statement:
Caution This equipment complies with European RF radiation exposure limits for SAR (Specific Absorption Rate). This 
transmitter must not be co-located or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter.
External Power Supply Information
1 Manufacturer’s name or trade mark, commercial reg
istration number and address
Manufacturer;  LG Electronics Inc.
Commercial registration number;  107-86-14075
Address;  LG Twin Towers, 128 Yeoui-daero, Yeongde
ungpo-gu, Seoul, 07336, Korea
2 Model identifier LP65WGC20P-EK, LP65WGC20S-EK, ADT-65DSU-
D03-2
3 Input voltage (V) 100-240
4 Input AC frequency (Hz) 50-60
5 Output voltage (V) 5.0 9.0 15.0 20.0
6 Output current (A) 3.0 3.0 3.0 3.25
7 Output power (W) 15.0 27.0 45.0 65.0
8 Average active efficiency (%) 81.39 86.62 87.73 88.00
9 Efficiency at low load (10 %) (%) 81.30 83.78 83.29 82.20
10 No-load power consumption (W) 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.21
1 English: Manufacturer’s name or trade mark, commercial registration number and address
21

--- Page 22 ---
Català: Nom del fabricant o marca, número de registre mercantil i adreça
Danish: Producentens navn eller varemærke, andelsregisternummer og adresse
Dutch: Naam of handelsmerk van de fabrikant, handelsregisternummer en adres
Finnish: Valmistajan nimi tai tavaramerkki, kaupparekisterinumero ja osoite
French: Raison sociale ou marque déposée, numéro d’enregistrement au registre du commerce et adresse du 
fabricant
German: Name oder Handelsmarke des Herstellers, Handelsregisternummer und Anschrifte
Hungarian: A gyártó neve vagy védjegye, cégjegyzékszáma és címe
Italian: Nome o marchio del fabbricante, numero di iscrizione nel registro delle imprese e indirizzo del fabbri
cante
Polish: Nazwa lub znak towarowy producenta, numer rejestru handlowego i adres
Protuguese: Marca comercial ou nome, número de registo comercial e endereço do fabricante
Romanian: Denumirea producătorului sau marca comercială, numărul de înregistrare la Registrul Comerțului și 
adresa
Spanish: Nombre o marca, número del registro mercantil y dirección del fabricante
Swedish: Tillverkarens namn eller varumärke, organisationsnummer och adress
Norwegian: Produsentens navn, kommersielt registreringsnummer og adresse
2 English: Model identifier
Català: Identificador del model
Danish: Modellens identifikationskode
Dutch: Typeaanduiding
Finnish: Mallitunniste
French: Référence du modèle
German: Modellkennung
Hungarian: Modellazonosító
Italian: Identificativo del modello
Polish: Identyfikator modelu
Protuguese: Identificador do modelo
Romanian: Identificator de model
Spanish: Identificador del modelo
Swedish: Modellbeteckning
Norwegian: Modellidentifikator
3 English: Input voltage
Català: Tensió d'entrada
Danish: Indgangsspænding
Dutch: Voedingsspanning
Finnish: Ottojännite
French: Tension d’entrée
German: Eingangsspannung
22

--- Page 23 ---
Hungarian: Bemenő feszültség
Italian: Tensione di ingresso
Polish: Napięcie wejściowe
Protuguese: Tensão de entrada
Romanian: Tensiune de intrare
Spanish: Tensión de entrada
Swedish: Ingående spänning
Norwegian: Inngangsspenning
4 English: Input AC frequency
Català: Freqüència d'entrada de CA
Danish: Inputvekselstrømsfrekvens
Dutch: Voedingsfrequentie
Finnish: Tuloverkkotaajuus
French: Fréquence du CA d’entrée
German: Eingangswechselstromfre-quenz
Hungarian: Bemenő váltóáram frekvenciája
Italian: Frequenza di ingresso CA
Polish: Wejściowa częstotliwość prądu przemiennego
Protuguese: Frequência da alimentação de CA
Romanian: Frecvența c.a. de intrare
Spanish: Frecuencia de la CA de entrada
Swedish: Ingående frekvens (växelström)
Norwegian: Vekselstrømfrekvens inngang
5 English: Output voltage
Català: Tensió de sortida
Danish: Udgangsspænding
Dutch: Uitgangsspanning
Finnish: Antojännite
French: Tension de sortie
German: Ausgangsspannung
Hungarian: Kimenő feszültség
Italian: Tensione di uscita
Polish: Napięcie wyjściowe
Protuguese: Tensão de saída
Romanian: Tensiune de ieșire
Spanish: Tensión de salida
Swedish: Utgående spänning
Norwegian: Utgangsspenning
23

--- Page 24 ---
6 English: Output current
Català: Corrent de sortida
Danish: Udgangsstrømsstyrke
Dutch: Uitgangsstroom
Finnish: Antovirta
French: Courant de sortie
German: Ausgangsstrom
Hungarian: Kimenő áramerősség
Italian: Corrente di uscita
Polish: Prąd wyjściowy
Protuguese: Corrente de saída
Romanian: Curent de ieșire
Spanish: Intensidad de salida
Swedish: Utgående ström
Norwegian: Utgangsstrøm
7 English: Output power
Català: Potència de sortida
Danish: Udgangseffekt
Dutch: Uitgangsvermogen
Finnish: Antoteho
French: Puissance de sortie
German: Ausgangsleistung
Hungarian: Kimenő teljesítmény
Italian: Potenza di uscita
Polish: Moc wyjściowa
Protuguese: Potência de saída
Romanian: Putere de ieșire
Spanish: Potencia de salida
Swedish: Utgående effekt
Norwegian: Utgangseffekt
8 English: Average active efficiency
Català: Eficiència mitjana en actiu
Danish: Gennemsnitlig effektivitet i aktiv tilstand
Dutch: Gemiddelde actieve efficiëntie
Finnish: Aktiivitilan keskimääräinen hyötysuhde
French: Rendement moyen en mode actif
German: Durchschnittliche Effizienz im Betrieb
Hungarian: Aktív üzemmódban mért átlagos hatásfok
24

--- Page 25 ---
Italian: Rendimento medio in modo attivo
Polish: Średnia sprawność podczas pracy
Protuguese: Eficiência média no modo ativo
Romanian: Randament mediu în mod activ
Spanish: Eficiencia media en activo
Swedish: Genomsnittlig verkningsgrad i aktivt läge
Norwegian: Gjennomsnittlig aktiv effektivitet
9 English: Efficiency at low load (10 %)
Català: Eficiència a baixa càrrega (10 %)
Danish: Effektivitet ved lav belastning (10 %)
Dutch: Efficiëntie bij lage belasting (10 %)
Finnish: Hyötysuhde alhaisella kuormituksella (10 %)
French: Rendement à faible charge (10 %)
German: Effizienz bei geringer Last (10 %)
Hungarian: Hatásfok alacsony (10 %-os) terhelésnél
Italian: Rendimento a basso carico (10 %)
Polish: Sprawność przy niskim obciążeniu (10 %)
Protuguese: Eficiência a carga baixa (10%)
Romanian: Randamentul la sarcină redusă (10 %)
Spanish: Eficiencia a baja carga (10 %).
Swedish: Verkningsgrad vid låg last (10 %)
Norwegian: Effektivitet ved lav belastning (10 %)
10 English: No-load power consumption
Català: Consum d’energia en buit
Danish: Effektforbrug i nullast-tilstand
Dutch: Energieverbruik in niet-belaste toestand
Finnish: Kuormittamattoman tilan tehonkulutus
French: Consommation électrique hors charge
German: Leistungsaufnahme bei Nulllast
Hungarian: Üresjárási üzemmódban mért energiafogyasztás
Italian: Potenza assorbita nella condizione a vuoto
Polish: Zużycie energii w stanie bez obciążenia
Protuguese: Consumo energético em vazio
Romanian: Puterea absorbită în regim fără sarcină
Spanish: Consumo eléctrico en vacío
Swedish: Elförbrukning vid noll-last
Norwegian: Strømforbruk uten belastning
25

--- Page 26 ---
USA
FCC Notice (For USA)
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of 
the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residential 
installation. This equipment generates, uses, and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in 
accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications.
However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause 
harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the 
user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures:
•
Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
•
Increase the separation between the equipment and the receiver.
•
Connect the equipment to an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected.
•
Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.
This device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions:
(1) this device may not cause harmful interference and
(2) this device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired operation.
Any changes or modifications in construction of this device which are not expressly approved by the party responsible for 
compliance could void the user’s authority to operate the equipment.
FCC Radio Frequency Interference Requirements (for UNII devices)
High power radars are allocated as primary users of the 5.25 to 5.35 GHz and 5.65 to 5.85 GHz bands. These radar 
stations can cause interference with and/or damage this device. This device cannot be co-located with any other 
transmitter.
FCC/IC Radio Frequency Exposure
The available scientific evidence does not show that any health problems are associated with using low power wireless 
devices. There is no proof, however, that these low power wireless devices are absolutely safe. Low power Wireless 
devices emit low levels of radio frequency energy (RF) in the microwave range while being used. Whereas high levels 
of RF can produce health effects (by heating tissue), exposure to low level RF that does not produce heating effects 
causes no known adverse health effects. Many studies of low level RF exposures have not found any biological effects. 
Some studies have suggested that some biological effects might occur, but such findings have not been confirmed by 
additional research. This device have been tested and found to comply with FCC/IC radiation exposure limits set forth for 
an uncontrolled environment and meets the FCC radio frequency (RF) Exposure Guidelines in Supplement C to OET65 and 
RSS-102 of the IC radio frequency (RF) Exposure rules(<1.6W/kg).
Operation of transmitters in the 5.925-7.125 GHz band is prohibited for control of or communications with unmanned 
aircraft systems.
CANADA
ENGLISH
26

--- Page 27 ---
Industry Canada Statement (For Canada)
[For having wireless function (WLAN, Bluetooth,...)]
This device contains licence-exempt transmitter(s)/receiver(s) that comply with Innovation, Science and Economic 
Development Canada’s licence-exempt RSS(s). Operation is subject to the following two conditions:
(1) This device may not cause interference.
(2) This device must accept any interference, including interference that may cause undesired operation of the device.
FCC/IC Radio Frequency Exposure
The available scientific evidence does not show that any health problems are associated with using low power wireless 
devices. There is no proof, however, that these low power wireless devices are absolutely safe. Low power Wireless 
devices emit low levels of radio frequency energy (RF) in the microwave range while being used. Whereas high levels 
of RF can produce health effects (by heating tissue), exposure to low level RF that does not produce heating effects 
causes no known adverse health effects. Many studies of low level RF exposures have not found any biological effects. 
Some studies have suggested that some biological effects might occur, but such findings have not been confirmed by 
additional research. This device have been tested and found to comply with FCC/IC radiation exposure limits set forth for 
an uncontrolled environment and meets the FCC radio frequency (RF) Exposure Guidelines in Supplement C to OET65 and 
RSS-102 of the IC radio frequency (RF) Exposure rules(<1.6W/kg).
WARNING
[For product having the wireless function using 5 GHz frequency bands]
(1) the device for operation in the band 5150–5250 MHz is only for indoor use to reduce the potential for harmful 
interference to co-channel mobile satellite systems;
(2) for devices with detachable antenna(s), the maximum antenna gain permitted for devices in the bands 5250-5350 MHz 
and 5470-5725 MHz shall be such that the equipment still complies with the e.i.r.p. limit;
(3) for devices with detachable antenna(s), the maximum antenna gain permitted for devices in the band 5725-5850 MHz 
shall be such that the equipment still complies with the e.i.r.p. limits as appropriate; and
(4) [for devices operating in the band 5250-5350 MHz having an e.i.r.p. greater than 200 mW] antenna type(s), antenna 
models(s), and worst-case tilt angle(s) necessary to remain compliant with the e.i.r.p. elevation mask requirement set forth 
in section 6.2.2.3 of RSS-247 shall be clearly indicated.
Users should also be advised that high-power radars are allocated as primary users (i.e. priority users) of the bands 
5250-5350 MHz and 5650-5850 MHz and that these radars could cause interference and/or damage to LE-LAN devices.
[For product having the wireless function using 6 GHz frequency bands]
(1) Devices shall not be used for control of or communications with unmanned aircraft systems.
(2) Devices shall not be used on oil platforms.
(3) Devices shall not be used on aircraft, except for the low-power indoor access points, indoor subordinate devices, 
low-power client devices, and very low-power devices operating in the 5925-6425 MHz band, that may be used on large 
aircraft as defined in the Canadian Aviation Regulations, while flying above 3,048 meters (10,000 feet).
(4) Devices shall not be used on automobiles.
(5) Devices shall not be used on trains.
(6) Devices shall not be used on maritime vessels.
FRANÇAIS (CANADA)
Avis d’Industrie Canada
[Pour la fonction sans fil (WLAN, Bluetooth, etc.)]
L’émetteur/récepteur exempt de licence contenu dans le présent appareil est conforme aux CNR d’Innovation, Sciences et 
Développement économique Canada applicables aux appareils radio exempts de licence. L’exploitation est autorisée aux 
deux conditions suivantes :
(1) L’appareil ne doit pas produire de brouillage;
27

--- Page 28 ---
(2) L’appareil doit accepter tout brouillage radioélectrique subi, même si le brouillage est susceptible d’en compromettre le 
fonctionnement.
Exposition aux radiofréquences FCC/IC
Selon les preuves scientifiques disponibles, aucun problème de santé n’est associé à l’utilisation d’appareils sans fil 
de faible puissance. Rien ne prouve cependant que ces appareils sont absolument sans danger. Lorsqu’ils sont utilisés, 
les appareils sans fil de faible puissance émettent de faibles niveaux d’énergie radiofréquence (RF) dans la gamme des 
hyperfréquences. Bien que les niveaux élevés de radiofréquence puissent avoir un effet sur la santé (réchauffement des 
tissus), l’exposition à de faibles niveaux n’ayant pas d’effet thermique n’a aucun impact négatif connu sur la santé.
De nombreuses études sur l’exposition aux radiofréquences de faible niveau n’ont révélé aucun effet biologique. Certaines 
d’entre elles ont sous-entendu qu’il pourrait y avoir de tels effets, mais leurs résultats n’ont pas été confirmés par des 
recherches supplémentaires. Les modèles suivants ont été testés et se sont avérés conformes aux limites d’exposition aux 
rayonnements définies par la FCC et IC pour l’environnement non contrôlé; ils répondent aux règles sur l’exposition aux 
rayonnements RF (radiofréquence) de la FCC et à celles de la norme RSS-102 d’IC.
AVERTISSEMENTS
[Pour les produits ayant la fonction sans fil utilisant des bandes de fréquences de 5 GHz]
(1) les dispositifs fonctionnant dans la bande de 5 150 à 5 250 MHz sont réservés uniquement pour une utilisation à 
l’intérieur afin de réduire les risques de brouillage préjudiciable aux systèmes de satellites mobiles utilisant les mêmes 
canaux;
(2) pour les dispositifs munis d’antennes amovibles, le gain maximal d’antenne permis pour les dispositifs utilisant les 
bandes de 5 250 à 5 350 MHz et de 5 470 à 5 725 MHz doit être conforme à la limite de la p.i.r.e;
(3) pour les dispositifs munis d’antennes amovibles, le gain maximal d’antenne permis (pour les dispositifs utilisant la 
bande de 5 725 à 5 850 MHz) doit être conforme à la limite de la p.i.r.e. spécifiée, selon le cas;
(4) [pour des dispositifs fonctionnant dans la bande de 5 250 à 5 350 MHz ayant une p.i.r.e. de plus de 200 mW] , les 
types d’antennes (s’il y en a plusieurs), les numéros de modèle de l’antenne et les pires angles d’inclinaison nécessaires 
pour rester conforme à l’exigence de la p.i.r.e. applicable au masque d’élévation, énoncée à la CNR-247 section 6.2.2.3, 
doivent être clairement indiqués.
Les utilisateurs doivent également savoir que les radars de grande puissance sont attribués en tant qu’utilisateurs 
principaux (c’est-à-dire les utilisateurs prioritaires) des bandes de 5 250 à 5 350 MHz et de 5 650 à 5 850 MHz et que 
ces radars peuvent causer des interférences avec les appareils LE-LAN et/ou les endommager.
[Pour les produits ayant la fonction sans fil utilisant des bandes de fréquences de 6 GHz]
(1) Les dispositifs ne doivent pas servir à contrôler ni à communiquer avec des systèmes d’aéronefs sans pilote.
(2) Les dispositifs ne doivent pas être utilisés sur des plates-formes pétrolières.
(3) Les dispositifs ne doivent pas être utilisés à bord des aéronefs, sauf pour les points d’accès intérieurs de faible 
puissance, les dispositifs subordonnés intérieurs, les dispositifs clients de faible puissance et les dispositifs de très faible 
puissance dans la bande 5 925-6 425 MHz, autorisés à bord des grands aéronefs, comme défini par le Règlement de 
l’aviation canadien, lors des vols au-dessus de 3 048 m (10 000 pieds).
(4) Les dispositifs ne doivent pas être utilisés sur des automobiles.
(5) Les dispositifs ne doivent pas être utilisés sur des trains.
(6) Les dispositifs ne doivent pas être utilisés sur des navires maritimes.
Australia/New Zealand Notice
Exposure to radio frequency energy
Radio wave exposure and Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) information
This product has been designed to comply with applicable safety requirements for exposure to radio waves. These 
requirements are based on scientific guidelines that include safety margins designed to assure the safety of all persons, 
regardless of age and health
28

--- Page 29 ---
• The equipment complies with the RF Exposure Requirement 1999/519/EC, Council Recommendation of 12 July 1999 on 
the limitation of exposure of the general public to electromagnetic fields from 0 Hz to 300 GHz.
•
The SAR limit recommended by the International Commission on Non-Ionizing Radiation Protection (ICNIRP) is 2 W/kg 
averaged over 10g of tissue.
•
The highest SAR value for this model on the body is less than 2W/kg (10g)
RF Radiation Exposure Statement
The use of the 5,150 - 5,350 MHz and 5,945 - 6,425 MHz band (if applicable) is restricted to indoor use only. This 
restriction exists in the countries Australia (AU) and New Zealand (NZ). (For Wi-Fi/Bluetooth built-in model or Wi-Fi built-
in model)
Brazil Notice
Este equipamento não tem direito à proteção contra interferência prejudicial e não pode causar interferência em sistemas 
devidamente autorizados.
Para mais informações, consulte o site da Anatel: https://www.gov.br/anatel/pt-br
GREEN MARK (for Japan)
本製品は、日本工業規格（JIS C0950:2008）における｢電気•電子機器の特定の
化学物質の含有表示方法｣（通稱J－Moss）の規定する特定化学物質の含有率
が基準値以下に管理された製品あるため、J-Moss グリーンマークを表示していま
す。
特定の化学物質（鉛、水銀、カドミウム、六価クロム、PBB、PBDE）の含有につ
いての情報は下記Webサイトをご覧下さい。
Webサイト： http://www.lg.com/jp/eco/eco-product#jMoss
EPEAT
“EPEAT registered where applicable/supported. EPEAT registration varies by 
country - see
www.epeat.net  for registration status by country.”
UKRAINE only
Обмеження України на наявність небезпечних речовин
Устаткування відповідає вимогам технічного регламету щодо обмеженного використання небезпечних речовин в 
електричному і електронному обладнанні.
29

--- Page 30 ---
Ukraine Restriction of Hazardous Substances
The equipment complies with requirements of the Technical Regulation, in terms of restrictions for the use of certain 
dangerous substances in electrical and electronic equipment.
PACKING INFORMATION (CUSTOMS UNION)
РУССКИЙ
•
Символ «петля Мебиуса» указывает на возможность утилизации упаковки. Символ может быть дополнен 
обозначением материала упаковки в виде цифрового и/или буквенного обозначения.
ҚАЗАҚША
•
Символ қаптаманы жою мүмкіндігін көрсетеді. Символ сандық код және/немесе әріп белгілері түріндегі қаптама 
материалының белгісімен толықтырылуы мүмкін.
SAFETY REGULATION NOTICE
Battery
ENGLISH
•
Risk of fire or explosion if the battery is replaced by an incorrect type.
•
Replacement of a battery with an incorrect type that can defeat a safeguard (for example, in the case of some lithium 
battery types).
•
Disposal of a battery into fire or a hot oven, or mechanically crushing or cutting of a battery, that can result in an 
explosion.
•
Leaving a battery in an extremely high temperature surrounding environment that can result in an explosion or the 
leakage of flammable liquid or gas.
•
A battery subjected to extremely low air pressure that may result in an explosion or the leakage of flammable liquid or 
gas.
•
Do not store or transport at pressures lower than 11.6 kPa (1.68 psi) and at above 15 000 m (49212.5 feet) altitude.
DANSK
•
Risiko for brand eller eksplosion, hvis batteriet udskiftes med en forkert type.
• Udskiftning af et batteri med en forkert type, der kan omgå en sikring (f.eks. i tilfælde af nogle lithiumbatterityper).
•
Bortskaffelse af et batteri ved ild eller en varm ovn, eller mekanisk knusning eller skæring i et batteri, dette kan 
resultere i en eksplosion.
•
At efterlade et batteri i omgivelser med ekstrem høj temperatur, det kan resultere i en eksplosion eller lækage af 
brændbar væske eller gas.
•
Et batteri udsat for ekstremt lavt lufttryk, det kan resultere i en eksplosion eller lækage af brændbar væske eller gas.
•
Må ikke opbevares eller transporteres ved tryk lavere end 11,6 kPa og over 15.000 meters højde.
SUOMI
30

--- Page 31 ---
• Tulen ja räjähdyksen mahdollisuus, jos akku vaihdetaan vääränlaiseen akkuun.
•
Vääränlaisen akun asennus voi ohittaa turvamekanismit (esimerkiksi joissain litium-akuissa).
•
Akun hävittäminen tuleen tai kuumaan uuniin, tai akun mekaaninen tuhoaminen tai leikkaaminen, voivat johtaa 
räjähdykseen.
•
Akun jättäminen äärimmäisen korkean lämpötilan ympäristöön voi johtaa räjähdykseen tai helposti syttyvän nesteen tai 
kaasun vuotoon.
•
Äärimmäisen matalalle ilmanpaineelle altistettu akku voi johtaa räjähdykseen tai helposti syttyvän nesteen tai kaasun 
vuotoon.
•
Älä säilö tai siirrä alle 11,6 kPa ilmanpaineissa tai yli 15 000 m korkeudessa.
NORSK
•
Det er fare for brann eller eksplosjon i tilfelle batteriet byttes ut med en feil type.
•
Utskifting av et batteri med en feil type som kan beseire en sikring (for eksempel når det gjelder noen typer 
litiumbatterier).
•
Avhending av et batteri i brann eller en varm ovn, eller mekanisk knusing eller kutting av et batteri, som kan føre til en 
eksplosjon.
•
Å etterlate et batteri i omgivelser med ekstremt høy temperatur som kan resultere i en eksplosjon eller lekkasje av 
brennbar væske eller gass.
•
Et batteri som er utsatt for ekstremt lavt lufttrykk kan resultere i en eksplosjon eller lekkasje av brennbar væske eller 
gass.
•
Produktet må aldri oppbevares eller transporteres ved trykk lavere enn 11,6 kPa og over 15000 m høyde.
SVENSKA
• Risk för brand eller explosion om batteriet byts ut mot fel typ.
•
Byte av ett batteri mot en felaktig typ som kan motverka ett skydd (till exempel för vissa litiumbatterityper).
•
Kassering av ett batteri i eld eller en het ugn, eller att krossa eller klippa sönder ett batteri mekaniskt, kan leda till en 
explosion.
•
Att lämna ett batteri i en omgivning med extremt hög temperatur som kan leda till en explosion, eller läckage av 
brandfarlig vätska eller gas.
•
Ett batteri som utsätts för extremt lågt lufttryck kan leda till en explosion eller läckage av brandfarlig vätska eller gas.
•
Förvara eller transportera inte vid tryck under 11,6 kPa och på över 15 000 m höjd.
ESPAÑOL
•
Existe riesgo de explosión si se cambia la batería por una de un tipo incorrecto.
•
Sustitución de la batería por un tipo de batería incorrecto que puede anular los mecanismos de seguridad (por ejemplo, 
en el caso de algunos tipo de batería de litio).
•
Colocación de una batería en el fuego o un horno caliente, o aplastamiento o corte mecánicos de una batería, que 
pueden provocar una explosión.
•
Colocación de una batería en un entorno con una temperatura extremadamente alta que puede provocar una explosión 
o la fuga de líquido o gas inflamable.
•
Una batería sometida a una presión del aire extremadamente baja que puede provocar una explosión o la fuga de 
líquido o gas inflamable.
• No almacenar ni transportar a una presión inferior a 11,6 kPa ni a una altitud superior a 15 000 m.
CATALÀ
31

--- Page 32 ---
• En cas de substituir la bateria per un model inadequat, hi ha risc d'incendi o d'explosió.
•
La substitució de la bateria per un model inadequat pot anul·lar la garantia (per exemple, en el cas d'alguns tipus de 
bateries de liti).
•
Si llenceu una bateria al foc o a un forn calent, o si la tritureu o talleu de manera mecànica, podeu provocar una 
explosió.
• Si deixeu la bateria sotmesa a una temperatura extremadament alta, es pot produir una explosió o la fuita de líquid o 
gas inflamable.
•
Deixar una bateria sotmesa a una pressió d'aire extremadament baixa, podria provocar una explosió o la fuita de líquid 
o gas inflamable.
•
No l'emmagatzemeu ni transporteu a pressions inferiors a 11,6 kPa ni a altituds superiors a 15 000 m.
PORTUGUÊS
•
Risco de incêndio ou explosão se a bateria for substituída por uma do tipo incorreto.
•
A substituição da bateria por uma do tipo incorreto pode desativar um sistema de segurança (por exemplo, no caso de 
algumas baterias de lítio).
•
A eliminação de uma bateria no fogo ou num forno quente ou o esmagamento ou corte mecânico de uma bateria pode 
resultar numa explosão.
•
Deixar uma bateria num ambiente de temperatura extremamente alta pode resultar numa explosão ou na fuga de 
líquidos ou gases inflamáveis.
•
Uma bateria sujeita a pressão de ar extremamente baixa poderá resultar numa explosão ou na fuga de líquidos ou 
gases inflamáveis.
•
Não armazene nem transporte a pressões inferiores a 11,6 kPa e acima de 15.000 m de altitude.
POLSKI
•
Ryzyko pożaru lub wybuchu w przypadku wymiany baterii na niewłaściwy typ.
•
Wymiana baterii na niewłaściwy typ może spowodować ominięcie zabezpieczeń (np. w przypadku niektórych typów 
baterii litowych).
•
Wrzucenie baterii do ognia lub gorącego piekarnika lub mechaniczne zmiażdżenie albo przecięcie baterii może 
spowodować wybuch.
•
Pozostawienie baterii w środowisku o bardzo wysokiej temperaturze może spowodować wybuch lub wyciek łatwopalnej 
cieczy lub gazu.
•
Narażenie baterii na bardzo niskie ciśnienie powietrza może spowodować wybuch lub wyciek łatwopalnej cieczy lub 
gazu.
•
Nie przechowywać ani transportować przy ciśnieniu niższym niż 11,6 kPa lub na wysokości powyżej 15.000 m.
ITALIANO
•
Rischio di incendio o esplosione se la batteria viene sostituita con una di tipo non corretto.
•
La sostituzione della batteria con una di tipo non corretto può compromettere la sicurezza (ad esempio nel caso di 
alcune batterie al litio).
•
Lo smaltimento delle batterie nel fuoco o in un forno caldo, o lo schiacciamento meccanico o il taglio delle batterie può 
provocare un’esplosione.
•
L’esposizione delle batterie ad ambienti circostanti con temperature estremamente alte può causare un’esplosione o la 
fuoriuscita di liquidi o gas infiammabili.
•
L’esposizione delle batterie a pressioni dell’aria estremamente basse può causare un’esplosione o la fuoriuscita di 
liquidi o gas infiammabili.
•
Non conservare o trasportare a pressioni inferiori a 11,6 kPa e ad altitudini superiori a 15.000 m.
32

--- Page 33 ---
DEUTSCH
• Wird die Batterie durch einen anderen, falschen Typ ersetzt, besteht Explosions- und Brandgefahr.
•
Wird die Batterie durch eine anderen, falschen Typ ersetzt, kann möglicherweise die Sicherung deaktiviert werden (das 
ist zum Beispiel bei einigen Lithium-Batterien der Fall).
•
Wird eine Batterie entsorgt, indem Sie in einen Ofen geworfen wird oder mechanisch zerstört oder zerschnitten wird, 
besteht Explosionsgefahr.
• Wird die Batterie in einer Umgebung unter extrem heißer Temperatur belassen, besteht Explosionsgefahr oder es kann 
entflammbare Flüssigkeit oder entflammbares Gas austreten.
•
Wird die Batterie extrem niedrigem Luftdruck ausgesetzt, besteht Explosionsgefahr oder es kann entflammbare 
Flüssigkeit oder entflammbares Gas austreten.
•
Nicht bei einem Druck tiefer als 11,6 kPa oder in über 15 000 m Höhe über dem Meeresspiegel lagern oder 
transportieren.
MAGYAR
•
Tűz- vagy robbanásveszély, ha az akkumulátort nem megfelelő típusúra cserélik.
•
Az akkumulátor cseréje nem megfelelő típusúra, amely védelmet jelenthet (például néhány lítium elemtípus esetében).
•
Az elemek tűzben vagy forró sütőben való megsemmisítése, vagy az elemek mechanikus összetörése vagy elvágása 
robbanást okozhat.
•
Ha akkumulátort rendkívül magas hőmérsékletű környezetben hagyja, az robbanást vagy gyúlékony folyadék vagy gáz 
szivárgását okozhatja.
•
Ha az akkumulátor rendkívül alacsony légnyomásnak van kitéve, az robbanást vagy gyúlékony folyadék vagy gáz 
szivárgását okozhatja.
•
Ne tárolja és ne szállítsa 11,6 kPa-nál alacsonyabb nyomáson és 15 000 m magasság felett.
NEDERLANDS
•
Brand- of explosiegevaar als de batterij wordt vervangen door een onjuist type.
•
Het vervangen van de batterij door een batterij van het foute type, kan een veiligheid uitschakelen (bijvoorbeeld bij 
enkele types van lithiumbatterijen).
•
Een batterij in een vuur of een hete oven werpen of een batterij verpletteren of snijden, kan leiden tot een explosie.
•
Een batterij achterlaten in een omgeving met een extreem hoge temperatuur, kan leiden tot een explosie of het lekken 
van brandbare vloeistof of gas.
•
Een batterij blootstellen aan een extreem lage luchtdruk, kan leiden tot een explosie of het lekken van brandbare 
vloeistof of gas.
•
Niet bewaren of vervoeren bij een druk lager dan 11,6 kPa en een hoogte van meer dan 15.000 m.
ROMÂNĂ
•
Risc de explozie dacă bateria este înlocuită cu un tip incorect.
•
Înlocuirea unei baterii cu un tip incorect care poate depăși o protecție (de exemplu, în cazul unor tipuri de baterii litiu).
•
Eliminarea unei baterii în foc sau cuptor încins, prin zdrobire mecanică sau tăiere poate conduce la o explozie.
•
Lăsarea unei baterii într-un mediu înconjurător cu o temperatură extrem de ridicată poate conduce la o explozie sau la 
scurgere de lichid sau gaz inflamabil.
•
O baterie supusă unei presiuni a aerului extrem de scăzută poate rezulta în scurgere de lichid sau gaz inflamabil.
•
Nu stocați și nu transportați la presiuni mai mici de 11,6 kPa și la mai mult de 15000 m altitudine.
FRANÇAIS
33

--- Page 34 ---
• Risque d’incendie ou d’explosion si la batterie est remplacée par une batterie d’un type incorrect.
•
Le remplacement par une batterie d’un type incorrect peut annuler un dispositif de sécurité (par exemple, dans le cas 
de certaines batteries au lithium).
•
Éliminer une batterie dans le feu ou un four chaud, l’écraser mécaniquement ou la couper peut provoquer une 
explosion.
• Laisser une batterie dans un environnement à très haute température peut provoquer une explosion ou une fuite de 
liquide ou de gaz inflammable.
•
Laisser une batterie à une pression extrêmement basse peut provoquer une explosion ou une fuite de liquide ou de gaz 
inflammable.
•
Ne pas stocker ni transporter à des pressions inférieures à 11,6 kPa et à une altitude supérieure à 15 000 m.
FRANÇAIS (CANADA)
•
Risque d’incendie ou d’explosion si la batterie est remplacée par un type incorrect.
•
Remplacement d’une batterie par un type incorrect qui peut faire échouer un dispositif de protection (par exemple, 
dans le cas de certains types de batteries au lithium).
•
Élimination d’une batterie dans un feu ou un four chaud, ou écrasement ou découpe mécanique d’une batterie qui 
peuvent entraîner une explosion.
•
Laisser une batterie dans un environnement extrêmement chaud qui peut entraîner une explosion ou une fuite de 
liquide ou de gaz inflammable.
•
Une batterie soumise à une pression d’air extrêmement basse qui peut entraîner une explosion ou une fuite de liquide 
ou de gaz inflammable.
•
Ne pas stocker ni transporter à des pressions inférieures à 11,6 kPa et à plus de 15 000 m d’altitude.

             -
                   -
   

                -
                     -
                  -
 15000       11.6           -
Australia Notice
ENGLISH
•
The appliance is not intended for use by young children or infirm persons without supervision
•
Young Children should be supervised to ensure that do not play with appliance
•
If the appliance is supplied from a cord extension set or an electrical portable outlet device.
•
The cord extension set on electrical portable outlet device must be positioned so that it is not subject to splashing or 
ingress of moisture
34

--- Page 35 ---
WEEE
ENGLISH  (UK, Ireland)
Disposal of your old appliance
1.
This crossed-out wheeled bin symbol indicates that waste electrical and electronic products (WEEE) should be 
disposed of separately from the municipal waste stream.
2.
Old electrical products can contain hazardous substances so correct disposal of your old appliance will help prevent 
potential negative consequences for the environment and human health. Your old appliance may contain reusable 
parts that could be used to repair other products, and other valuable materials that can be recycled to conserve 
limited resources.
3.
You can take your appliance either to the shop where you purchased the product, or contact your local government 
waste office for details of your nearest authorised WEEE collection point. For the most up to date information for 
your country please see www.lg.com/global/recycling
БЪЛГАРСКИ  (Bulgaria)
Изхвърляне на стария уред
1.
Символът със зачертания контейнер показва, че отпадъците от електрическо и електронно оборудване 
(ОЕЕО) трябва да се изхвърлят отделно от битовите отпадъци.
2.
Старите електрически продукти могат да съдържат опасни вещества и правилното изхвърляне на Вашия 
уред ще помогне за предотвратяване на негативните последствия за околната среда и човешкото здраве. 
Вашият стар уред може да съдържа части за многократна употреба, които биха могли да бъдат използвани 
за ремонт на други продукти, както и други ценни материали, които могат да бъдат рециклирани с цел 
запазване на ограничените ресурси.
3.
Можете да занесете Вашия уред или в магазина, от който сте го закупили или можете да се свържете с 
местния държавен офис за отпадъците, за да получите информация за най-близкия разрешен ОЕЕО пункт за 
събиране на отпадъци. За най-актуална информация от Вашата държава, моля, погледнете тук: www.lg.com/
global/recycling
HRVATSKI  (Croatia)
Zbrinjavanje starog uređaja
1.
Ovaj simbol prekrižene kante za smeće na kotačićima označava kako se otpadni električni i električni proizvodi 
(WEEE) moraju zbrinjavati odvojeno od komunalnog otpada.
2.
Dotrajali električni proizvodi mogu sadržavati opasne tvari stoga će ispravno zbrinjavanje vaših dotrajalih uređaja 
pomoći u sprječavanju potencijalnih negativnih posljedica na okoliš i ljudsko zdravlje. Vaš dotrajao uređaj može 
sadržavati dijelove koji se mogu ponovo iskoristiti za popravak drugih proizvoda te druge vrijedne materijale koji se 
mogu reciklirati i tako sačuvati ograničene resurse.
3.
Ovisno o razini smetnje / štete i dobi stavke, stari proizvodi mogu se popraviti za više radnog života koji će spriječiti 
izbjeći otpada. Proizvodi koji nisu prikladni za ponovnu uporabu može se reciklirati da se oporavim vrijedne resurse i 
pomoći da se smanji globalno potrošnju novih sirovina.
4.
Uređaj možete odnijeti u trgovinu u kojoj ste kupili proizvod ili možete kontaktirati ured za zbrinjavanje otpada kod 
vaših mjesnih nadležnih tijela te od njih saznati više informacija o najbližem ovlaštenom WEEE sabirnom centru. Za 
najnovije informacije iz svoje države pogledajte internetske stranice www.lg.com/global/recycling
35

--- Page 36 ---
ČESKY  (Czech)
Likvidace starého přístroje
1. Tento symbol přeškrtnutého koše značí, že odpad z elektrických a elektronických výrobků (WEEE) je nutné 
likvidovat odděleně od linky komunálního odpadu.
2. Staré elektrické výrobky mohou obsahovat nebezpečné látky, takže správná likvidace starých přístrojů pomůže 
zabránit potenciálním negativním důsledkům pro životní prostředí a lidské zdraví. Staré přístroje mohou obsahovat 
znovu použitelné díly, které lze použít k opravě dalších výrobků a další cenné materiály, které lze recyklovat a šetřit 
tak omezené zdroje.
3. Spotřebič můžete zanést buď do obchodu, kde jste ho zakoupili nebo se obrátit na místní správu komunálních 
odpadů, kde získáte podrobné informace o autorizovaném sběrném místě WEEE. Pro poslední aktuální informace z 
vaší země si prosím prostudujte web www.lg.com/global/recycling
DANSK  (Denmark)
Bortskaffelse af dit gamle apparat
1. Dette symbol med en affaldsspand med kryds over angiver at elektrisk og elektronisk affald (WEEE) skal 
bortskaffes og genbruges korrekt, adskilt fra kommunens husholdningsaffald.
2. Gamle elektriske produkter kan indeholde farlige stoffer, så når du bortskaffer dit gamle apparat på korrekt vis, 
hjælper du med at forhindre mulige negative konsekvenser for miljø og mennesker. Dit gamle apparat kan indeholde 
dele som kan genbruges, fx til at reparere andre produkter, eller værdifulde materialer som kan genbruges og 
derved begrænse spild af værdifulde ressourcer.
3. Du kan enten tage apparatet til den butik hvor du købte det, eller kontakte dit lokale affaldskontor angående 
oplysninger om det nærmeste, autoriserede WEEE-samlepunkt. Find de sidste nye oplysninger for dit land på 
www.lg.com/global/recycling
SUOMI  (Finland)
Vanhan laitteesi hävittäminen
1. Tämä ylirastitettu jäteastian merkki ilmaisee, että sähkö- ja elektronikkalaitteiden jätteet (WEEE) tulee pitää 
erillään kotitalousjätteestä ja viedä kunnalliseen kierrätyskeskukseen.
2. Vanhat sähkötuotteet voivat pitää sisällään vaarallisia aineita, joten loppuun käytetyn laitteen oikea hävittäminen 
ehkäisee ympäristö- ja terveyshaittoja. Vanha laitteesi saattaa pitää sisällään uudelleen käytettäviä osia, joita 
voidaan käyttää korjaamaan muita tuotteita, sekä arvokkaita materiaaleja, joita voidaan kierrättää rajoitettujen 
resurssien säästämiseksi.
3. Voit viedä laitteesi joko liikkeeseen, josta hankit tuotteen, tai ottaa yhteyttä paikallishallintosi ympäristötoimistoon 
koskien lähintä valtuutettua WEEE -keräyspistettä. Kaikkein viimeisimmät tiedot koskien maatasi, ks. osoitteessa 
www.lg.com/global/recycling
FRANÇAIS  (France)
Recyclage de votre ancien appareil
1. Ce symbole de poubelle barrée d’une croix indique que votre équipement électrique et électronique (EEE) ne doit 
pas être jeté avec les ordures ménagères. Il doit faire l’objet d’un tri et d’une collecte sélective séparée.
2. Les équipements électriques que vous jetez peuvent contenir des substances dangereuses. Il est donc important 
de les jeter de façon appropriée afin d’éviter des impacts négatifs sur l’environnement et la santé humaine. 
L’équipement que vous jetez peut également contenir des pièces réutilisables pour la réparation d’autres produits 
ainsi que des matériaux précieux pouvant être recyclés pour préserver les ressources de la planète.
3. Vous pouvez rapporter votre appareil au commerçant qui vous l’a vendu ou contacter votre collectivité locale pour 
connaitre les points de collecte de votre EEE. Vous trouverez également des informations à jour concernant votre 
pays en allant sur www.quefairedemesdechets.fr
NEDERLANDS  (Netherlands)
Verwijdering van uw oude apparaat
36

--- Page 37 ---
1. Dit symbool van de doorgekruiste vuilnisbak geeft aan dat afgedankte elektrische en elektronische producten 
(WEEE) afzonderlijk van het huishoudelijke afval moeten worden verwijderd.
2. Oude elektrische producten kunnen gevaarlijke stoffen bevatten, dus een juiste verwijdering van uw oude apparaat 
helpt bij het voorkomen van mogelijke negatieve gevolgen voor het milieu en de volksgezondheid. Uw oude apparaat 
kan herbruikbare onderdelen bevatten die kunnen worden gebruikt voor het repareren van andere producten, en 
andere waardevolle materialen die kunnen worden gerecycled voor het behoud van beperkte grondstoffen.
3. U kunt uw apparaat meenemen naar de winkel waar u het product heeft gekocht, of u kunt contact opnemen 
met uw plaatselijke afvalverwerking instantie voor de gegevens van uw dichtstbijzijnde geautoriseerde WEEE-
verzamelpunt. Voor de meest recente informatie voor uw land verwijzen wij u naar www.lg.com/global/recycling
DEUTSCH  (Germany)
Entsorgung Ihrer Altgeräte
1. Das durchgestrichene Symbol eines fahrbaren Abfallbehälters weist darauf hin, dass Elektro- und Elektronik- 
Produkte (WEEE) getrennt vom Hausmüll entsorgt werden müssen. Bitte entsorgen Sie Altgeräte getrennt von 
anderem Abfall und bringen Sie diese zu einer ausgewiesenen Sammelstelle für das Recycling von elektrischen 
und elektronischen Geräten. Falls die Geräte Batterien oder Lampen enthalten, die vom Endverbraucher ohne 
Beschädigung leicht entnommen werden können, trennen Sie diese bitte vor der Entsorgung von den Hauptgeräten, 
es sei denn, Sie möchten, dass die alten Geräte wiederverwendet werden (alte Batterien und Lampen werden 
getrennt gesammelt). Bitte beachten Sie auch, dass Sie persönlich dafür verantwortlich sind, personenbezogene 
Daten auf dem Gerät zu löschen, bevor Sie Ihre Geräte entsorgen.
2. Alte elektrische Produkte können gefährliche Substanzen enthalten, die eine korrekte Entsorgung dieser Altgeräte 
erforderlich machen, um schädliche Auswirkungen auf die Umwelt und die menschliche Gesundheit zu vermeiden. 
Ihre ausgedienten Geräte können wiederverwendbare Teile enthalten, mit denen möglicherweise andere Produkte 
repariert werden können, aber auch sonstige wertvolle Materialien enthalten, die zur Schonung knapper Ressourcen 
recycelt werden können.
3. Sie können Ihr Gerät entweder in den Laden zurückbringen, in dem Sie das Produkt ursprünglich erworben haben 
oder Sie kontaktieren Ihre Gemeindeabfallstelle für Informationen über die nächstgelegene autorisierte WEEE 
Sammelstelle. Bitte beachten Sie, dass einige* Vertreiber verpflichtet sind :
• bei der Abgabe eines neuen Elektro- oder Elektronikgerätes an einen Endnutzer ein Altgerät des Endnutzers der 
gleichen Geräteart unentgeltlich zurückzunehmen, und
•
Altgeräte, die in keiner äußeren Abmessung größer als 25 Zentimeter sind, im Einzelhandelsgeschäft oder in 
unmittelbarer Nähe hierzu unentgeltlich zurückzunehmen;
Wenn Offline oder Online Händler Neugeräte an Privathaushalte liefern, sind sie verpflichtet, Altgeräte direkt 
bei diesen abzuholen oder Rückgabemöglichkeiten in zumutbarer Entfernung anzubieten. Daher empfehlen wir 
Ihnen sich für weitere Informationen an Ihren Händler zu wenden.
4.
LG Electronic Deutschland GmbH ist ordnungsgemäß als Hersteller in Deutschland registriert. Damit trägt 
LG deutschlandweit zur Sammlung von Elektro- und Elektronik-Altgeräten bei, die Sie in kommunalen 
Getrenntsammelstellen abgeben. Die aktuellsten Informationen finden Sie unter:
www.lg.com/global/recycling oder https://www.lg.com/de/support/altgeraete-rueckgabe.
* Vertreiber mit einer Verkaufsfläche für Elektro- und Elektronikgeräte von mindestens 400 Quadratmetern sowie 
Vertreiber von Lebensmitteln mit einer Gesamtverkaufsfläche von mindestens 800 Quatratmetern, die Elektro- und 
Elektronikgeräte anbieten
ΕΛΛΗΝΙΚΑ  (Greece)
Απόρριψη της παλιάς σας συσκευής
1.
Αυτό το διαγραμμένο σύμβολο του τροχοφόρου κάδου υποδεικνύει ότι τα απόβλητα ηλεκτρικών και ηλεκτρονικών 
προϊόντων (ΑΗΗΕ) πρέπει να απορρίπτονται χωριστά από τα γενικά οικιακά απορρίμματα.
2.
Τα παλιά ηλεκτρικά προϊόντα μπορεί να περιέχουν επικίνδυνες ουσίες και ως εκ τούτου η σωστή απόρριψη 
της παλιάς σας συσκευής αποτρέπει ενδεχόμενες αρνητικές συνέπειες για το περιβάλλον και την ανθρώπινη 
υγεία. Η παλιά σας συσκευή μπορεί να περιέχει επαναχρησιμοποιήσιμα ανταλλακτικά που θα μπορούσαν να 
37

--- Page 38 ---
χρησιμοποιηθούν για την επισκευή άλλων προϊόντων, καθώς και άλλα υλικά αξίας που μπορούν να ανακυκλωθούν 
για εξοικονόμηση των περιορισμένων φυσικών πόρων.
3. Μπορείτε να πάτε τη συσκευή σας, είτε στο κατάστημα από το οποίο αγοράσατε το προϊόν, ή να επικοινωνήσετε 
το τοπικό γραφείο απορριμμάτων για λεπτομέρειες σχετικά με το πλησιέστερο εγκεκριμένο σημείο συλλογής 
ΑΗΗΕ (Απόβλητα Ηλεκτρικών και Ηλεκτρονικών Συσκευών). Για τις πιο πρόσφατες πληροφορίες για τη χώρα σας 
επισκεφθείτε τη διεύθυνση www.lg.com/global/recycling
MAGYAR  (Hungary)
A régi készülék ártalmatlanítása
1. A leselejtezett elektromos és elektronikai termékeket a háztartási hulladéktól elkülönítve kell begyűjteni, a 
jogszabályok által kijelölt módon és helyen.
2. Régi készülékeinek megfelelő leselejtezése segíthet megelőzni az esetleges egészségre vagy környezetre ártalmas 
hatásokat.
3. Ha további információra van szüksége régi készülékeinek leselejtezésével kapcsolatban, lépjen kapcsolatba velünk a 
szelektalok.hu oldalon ahol tájékoztatjuk Önt visszavételi, átvételi, gyűjtési és kezelési kötelezettségeinkről.
ITALIANO  (Italy)
Smaltimento delle apparecchiature obsolete
1. Tutte le apparecchiature elettriche ed elettroniche, contrassegnate da questo simbolo (“bidone della spazzatura 
barrato da una croce”), devono essere raccolte e smaltite separatamente rispetto agli altri rifiuti urbani misti 
mediante impianti di raccolta specifici installati da enti pubblici o dalle autorità locali. Si ricorda che gli utenti finali 
domestici possono consegnare gratuitamente le apparecchiature elettriche ed elettroniche a fine vita presso il 
punto vendita all’atto dell’acquisto di una nuova apparecchiatura equivalente. Gli utenti finali domestici possono 
inoltre consegnare gratuitamente apparecchiature elettriche ed elettroniche di piccolissime dimensioni (non 
eccedenti i 25 cm) a fine vita direttamente presso un punto vendita a ciò abilitato, senza obbligo di acquistare una 
apparecchiatura nuova di tipo equivalente. Si prega di informarsi previamente presso il punto vendita prescelto circa 
tale ultima modalità di conferimento dell’apparecchiatura a fine vita.
2. Il corretto smaltimento dell'unità obsoleta contribuisce a prevenire possibili conseguenze negative sulla salute degli 
individui e sull'ambiente. Una gestione responsabile del fine vita delle apparecchiature elettriche ed elettroniche da 
parte degli utenti contribuisce al riutilizzo, al riciclaggio ed al recupero sostenibile dei prodotti obsoleti e dei relativi 
materiali.
3. Per informazioni più dettagliate sullo smaltimento delle apparecchiature obsolete, contattare l'ufficio del comune 
di residenza, il servizio di smaltimento rifiuti o il punto vendita in cui è stato acquistato il prodotto. (www.lg.com/
global/recycling)
NORSK  (Norway)
Avhending av gamle apparater
1. Dette symbolet av en utkrysset avfallsdunk indikerer at kassert elektronikk og elektroniske produkter (WEEE) skal 
kastes separat fra husholdningsavfall og leveres til den kommunale resirkuleringen.
2. Gamle elektriske produkter kan inneholde farlige stoffer, så korrekt avfallshåndtering av det gamle apparatet 
bidrar til å hindre potensielt negative konsekvenser for miljøet og andres helse. Gamle apparater kan inneholde 
gjenbrukbare deler som kan brukes til å reparere andre produkter og andre verdifulle materialer som kan 
resirkuleres for å bevare begrensede ressurser.
3. Du kan bringe apparatet enten til butikken der du kjøpte produktet, eller ta kontakt med den lokale myndighetens 
avfallskontor for informasjon om nærmeste autoriserte innsamlingspunkt for el-avfall (WEEE-avfall). For den mest 
oppdaterte informasjonen for ditt land, gå til www.lg.com/global/recycling.
POLSKI  (Poland)
Utylizacja starego urządzenia
38

--- Page 39 ---
1. Symbol przekreślonego pojemnika na odpady na kółkach oznacza, że produkty elektryczne lub elektroniczne (WEEE) 
należy zutylizować poza obiegiem odpadów komunalnych.
2. Stare produkty elektroniczne mogą zawierać niebezpieczne substancje. Właściwa utylizacja starego urządzenia 
pozwoli uniknąć potencjalnych negatywnych skutków dla środowiska i zdrowia. Stare urządzenie może zawierać 
części wielokrotnego użytku, które mogą zostać wykorzystane do naprawy innych produktów lub inne wartościowe 
materiały, które można przetworzyć, aby oszczędzać zasoby naturalne.
3. Urządzenie można oddać do sklepu, w którym zostało kupione lub skontaktować się z lokalnym urzędem gospodarki 
odpadami, aby uzyskać informacje o najbliższym punkcie zbiórki WEEE. Aby uzyskać aktualne informacje z 
zakresu gospodarki odpadami obowiązującej w danym kraju, należy odwiedzić stronę http://www.lg.com/global/
sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling/global-network-europe (plik PDF : “For more information about how 
to recycle LG products in your country”.
PORTUGUÊS  (Portugal)
Eliminação do seu aparelho usado
1. Este símbolo de um caixote do lixo com rodas e linhas cruzadas sobrepostas indica que os resíduos de produtos 
elétricos e eletrónicos (REEE) devem ser eliminados separadamente do lixo doméstico.
2. Os produtos elétricos usados podem conter substâncias perigosas, pelo que, a eliminação correta do seu aparelho 
usado pode contribuir para evitar potenciais consequências negativas para o ambiente e saúde humana. O seu 
aparelho usado pode conter peças reutilizáveis que podem ser usadas para reparar outros produtos e outros 
materiais úteis que podem ser reciclados para preservar os recursos limitados.
3. Pode levar o seu aparelho à loja onde o adquiriu, ou contactar a sua entidade local de recolha e tratamento de 
resíduos para obter mais informações relativas ao ponto de recolha de REEE autorizado mais próximo. Para obter 
informações mais atualizadas relativas ao seu país, visite www.lg.com/global/recycling
ROMÂNĂ  (Romania)
Eliminarea aparatului vechi
1. Simbolul de pubelă indică faptul că deșeurile de echipamente electrice și electronice (DEEE) trebuie eliminate 
separat de celelalte deșeuri.
2. Produsele electrice și electronice vechi conțin substanțe periculoase. Astfel, prin eliminarea corespunzătoare veți 
contribui la prevenirea deteriorării mediului înconjurător și al sănătății umane. Este posibil ca dispozitivul dvs. vechi 
să conțină piese componente care pot fi folosite pentru repararea altor produse sau materiale importante ce pot fi 
reciclate în scopul economisirii resurselor limitate.
3. Dispozitivul vechi poate fi returnat magazinului de unde a fost achiziționat sau puteți contacta firma responsabilă 
pentru eliminarea deșeurilor în scopul aflării locației unității autorizate pentru reciclarea deșeurilor electrice și 
electronice (WEEE). Pentru informații mereu actualizate și referitoare la țara dvs. vă rugăm să vizitați pagina web 
www.lg.com/global/recycling.
SRPSKI  (Serbia)
Odlaganje starog aparata
1. Оvaj simbol precrtana kanta za smeće pokazuje da električni i elektronski otpad (WEEE) treba da se odlaže 
odvojeno od običnog komunalnog otpada.
2. Stari električni aparati mogu da sadrže otrovne supstance, tako da će pravilno odlaganje Vašeg starog aparata 
pomoći sprečavanju pojave negativnih posledica po životnu sredinu i zdravlje ljudi. Vaš stari aparat može da sadrži 
delove za višekratnu upotrebu koji se mogu koristiti za zamenu drugih proizvoda i druge vredne materijale koji se 
mogu reciklirati radi očuvanja ograničenih resursa.
3. Vaš aparat možete da odnesete u radnju gde ste ga kupili ili da kontaktirate lokalnu vladinu kancelariju za otpad 
kako biste dobili informaciju o najbližoj autorizovanoj WEEE stanici za odlaganje ovog otpada. Za najnovije 
informacije za Vašu zemlju, molimo Vas da pogledate web stranicu www.lg.com/global/recycling.
SLOVENČINA  (Slovakia)
Zneškodnenie starého spotrebiča
39

--- Page 40 ---
1. Tento symbol prečiarknutého odpadkového koša na kolieskach znamená, že odpad z elektrických a elektronických 
zariadení (WEEE) musí byť zneškodnený samostatne od komunálneho odpadu.
2. Staré elektrické produkty môžu obsahovať nebezpečné latky, preto správne zneškodnenie vášho starého spotrebiča 
pomôže zabrániť potenciálnym negatívnym dopadom na prostredie a ľudské zdravie. Váš starý spotrebič môže 
obsahovať diely, ktoré možno opätovne použiť na opravu iných produktov, a iné cenné materiály, ktoré možno 
recyklovať s cieľom chrániť obmedzené zdroje.
3. Svoj spotrebič môžete zaniesť do predajne, kde ste produkt zakúpili, alebo sa môžete obrátiť na oddelenie odpadov 
miestnej samosprávy a požiadať o informácie o najbližšom zbernom mieste odpadu z elektrických a elektronických 
zariadení (WEEE). Najnovšie informácie platné pre vašu krajinu nájdete na stránke www.lg.com/global/recycling
SLOVENŠČINA  (Slovenia)
Odstranjevanje vaše stare naprave
1. Prečrtan simbol smetnjaka opozarja, da je treba odpadne električne in elektronske izdelke (OEEI) odstranjevati 
ločeno od ostalih komunalnih odpadkov.
2. Odpadni električni izdelki lahko vsebujejo nevarne snovi, zato s pravilnim odstranjevanjem stare naprave prispevate 
k preprečevanju morebitnih negativnih vplivov na okolje in zdravje ljudi. Vaša stara naprava lahko vsebuje dele, ki jih 
je mogoče uporabiti za popravilo drugih izdelkov, in druge dragocene materiale, ki jih je mogoče reciklirati in s tem 
ohraniti omejene vire.
3. Svojo napravo lahko odnesete v trgovino, kjer ste jo kupili, ali pa se glede podrobnosti o najbližjem pooblaščenem 
zbirnem mestu za odpadno električno in elektronsko opremo obrnite na lokalno komunalno podjetje. Za najnovejše 
informacije za svojo državo si oglejte www.lg.com/global/recycling.
ESPAÑOL  (Spain)
Símbolo para marcar AEE
1. El símbolo del contenedor de basura tachado con un aspa indica que la recogida separada de aparatos eléctricos y 
electrónicos (AEE) debe realizarse de manera separada.
2. Los productos eléctricos antiguos pueden contener sustancias peligrosas de modo que la correcta eliminación del 
antiguo aparato ayudará a evitar posibles consecuencias negativas para el medio ambiente y para la salud humana. 
El antiguo aparato puede contener piezas reutilizables que podrían utilizarse para reparar otros productos y otros 
materiales valiosos que pueden reciclarse para conservar los recursos limitados.
3. Este producto contiene pilas y/o acumuladores. Siempre que no sea necesaria la intervención de un profesional 
cualificado para ello, y antes del depósito final del producto en las instalaciones de recogida selectiva, usted debe 
extraer las pilas y acumuladores de forma segura y separadamente para su adecuada gestión.
4. Puede llevar el aparato a cualquiera de los centros autorizados para su recogida. Para obtener la información más 
actualizada para su país por favor visite www.lg.com/global/recycling
CATALÀ  (Spain)
Eliminació de l'aparell vell
1. Aquest símbol d'un contenidor amb rodes ratllat amb una creu indica que els residus de productes elèctrics i 
electrònics (RAEE) han d'eliminar-se per separat dels residus urbans.
2. Els productes elèctrics vells poden contenir substàncies perilloses, per la qual cosa elimineu de forma correcta el 
vostre aparell vell per evitar possibles efectes negatius en el medi ambient i en la salut de les persones. L'aparell 
vell pot contenir peces reutilitzables que es poden fer servir per reparar altres productes, a més d'altres materials 
valuosos que es poden reciclar per preservar els recursos limitats.
3. Podeu portar l'aparell a la botiga on el vau comprar o contactar amb l'oficina de reciclatge de l'administració local 
perquè us indiquin el punt de recollida RAEE autoritzat més pròxim. Per obtenir la informació més actualitzada del 
vostre país, consulteu www.lg.com/global/recycling
SVENSKA  (Sweden)
Bortskaffning av den gamla produkten
40

--- Page 41 ---
1. Den överkorsade soptunnesymbolen indikerar att elektroniskt och elektriskt avfall (WEEE) ska sorteras separat 
från hushållsavfallet och lämnas in till en av kommunen anvisad plats för återvinning.
2. Kasserade elektroniska och elektriska produkter kan innehålla farliga substanser, korrekt avfallshantering av 
produkten förhindrar negativa konsekvenser för miljön och den mänskliga hälsan. Din gamla produkt kan även 
innehålla återanvändningsbara delar som kan användas för att reparera andra produkter samt innehålla värdefulla 
ämnen som kan återvinnas för att spara jordens resurser.
3. Du kan ta din gamla produkt till butiken där du köpte den eller kontakta din kommun för information om närmaste 
WEEE-uppsamlingsställe. För att få den senaste informationen för ditt land, gå till www.lg.com/global/recycling
РУССКИЙ  (Russia)
Утилизация старого оборудования
1. Этот перечеркнутый символ мусорной корзины указывает на то, что отработанные электрические и 
электронные изделия (WEEE) следует утилизировать отдельно от бытовых отходов.
2. Старые электрические изделия могут содержать опасные вещества, поэтому правильная утилизация старой 
техники поможет предотвратить возможные негативные последствия для окружающей среды и здоровья 
человека. Старая техника может содержать детали, которые могут быть повторно использованы для 
ремонта других изделий, а также другие ценные материалы, которые можно переработать, чтобы сохранить 
ограниченные ресурсы.
3. Вы можете отнести свое устройство в магазин, где оно был приобретено, либо связаться с органами 
местного самоуправления для получения подробных сведений о ближайшем пункте приема отходов 
электрического и электронного оборудования (WEEE). Для получения актуальной информации относительно 
вашей страны обращайтесь по адресу: www.lg.com/global/recycling
TÜRKÇE  (Türkiye)
Eski cihazınızın atılması
1. Tüm elektrikli ve elektronik atıklar, devlet ya da yerel yetkililer tarafından belirlenen toplama merkezlerinde ayrı 
olarak imha edilmelidir. Atık eletrikli ve elektronik aletler belediyeler tarafından kurulan toplama noktalarına teslim 
edilmeli veya aldığınız yeni ürünü satıcınız adresinize teslim ederken, satıcınızdan atık elektrikli ve elektronik 
aletinizi teslim almasını istemelisiniz.
2. Atık ürünün doğru imhası çevre ve insan sağlığı üzerindeki potansiyel olumsuz sonuçların engellenmesine yardımcı 
olacaktır.
3. Bu işareti içeren ürünler tehlikeli madde içerebilir. Ürünler içerisindeki tehlikeli maddeler çevre kirlenmesine veya 
yaralanma/ölüme sebebiyet verebilir.
4. AEEE Yönetmeliğine Uygundur.
5. Eski ürününüzün imhası hakkında daha fazla bilgi için lütfen belediyeniz ya da ürünü aldığınız mağaza ile iletişime 
geçiniz. (www.lg.com/global/recycling)
УКРАЇНСЬКА  (Ukraine)
Утилізація старого обладнання
1. Цей перекреслений символ сміттєвого кошика вказує, що відпрацьовані електричні та електронні вироби 
(WEEE) потрібно утилізувати окремо від побутових відходів.
2. Старі електричні вироби можуть містити небезпечні речовини, тому правильна утилізація старого обладнання 
допоможе запобігти можливим негативним наслідкам для навколишнього середовища та здоров’я людини. 
Старе обладнання може містити деталі, які можуть бути використані повторно для ремонту інших виробів, а 
також інші цінні матеріали, які можливо переробити, щоб зберегти обмежені ресурси.
3. Ви можете віднести свій прилад в магазин, де його було придбано, або зв’язатися з органами місцевого 
самоврядування, щоб отримати докладні відомості про найближчий пункт прийому відходів електричного та 
електронного обладнання (WEEE). Щоб отримати найсвіжішу інформацію щодо вашої країни, звертайтеся за 
адресою: www.lg.com/global/recycling
ҚАЗАҚША  (Kazakhstan)
41

--- Page 42 ---
Ескі жабдықты жою және қайта өңдеу
1. Сызылған қоқыс белгісі, пайдаланылған электр өнімдерін (WEEE өнімдері) тұрмыстық қалдықтардан бөлек 
тастау керектігін көрсетеді.
2. Ескі электр бұйымдарында қауіпті заттар болуы мүмкін, сондықтан ескі жабдықты дұрыс тастау қоршаған 
ортаға және адам денсаулығына жағымсыз салдардың алдын алуға көмектеседі. Сіздің ескі құрылғыңызда 
басқа өнімдерді жөндеуге қолданылатын қайта пайдалануға болатын бөлшектер, сондай-ақ шектеулі 
ресурстарды үнемдеу үшін қайта өңдеуге болатын басқа құнды материалдар болуы мүмкін.
3. Сіз өзіңіздің құрылғыңызды өнімді сатып алған дүкенге апара аласыз немесе WEEE-дің ең жақын уәкілетті 
жинау орны туралы білу үшін жергілікті муниципалды қалдықтарды басқару кеңсесіне жүгіне аласыз. Сіздің 
еліңіз үшін ең соңғы ақпаратты www.lg.com/global/recycling сайтына қарауға болады.
EESTI  (Estonian)
Vana seadme hävitamine
1. Läbikriipsutatud ristiga prügikasti sümbol tähendab, et elektri- ja elektroonikaseadmete (WEEE) jäätmed tuleb 
kõrvaldada olmeprügist eraldi.
2. Vanad elektriseadmed võivad sisaldada ohtlikke koostisosi, seega aitab prügi nõuetekohane hävitamine vältida 
võimalikku negatiivset mõju loodusele ja inimeste tervisele. Teie kasutatud seade võib sisaldada taaskasutatavaid 
osi, millega saab parandada teisi seadmeid ning muid väärtuslikke materjale, mida saab taaskasutada, et säilitada 
piiratud ressursse.
3. Saate viia oma seadme kas kauplusse, kust see on ostetud või võtta ühendust kohaliku prügiveo ettevõttega, et 
saada lisainfot oma lähima WEEE jäätmete kogumiskoha kohta. Kõige ajakohasemat infot oma riigi kohta vaadake 
www.lg.com/global/recycling
LATVIEŠU  (Latvian)
Jūsu vecās ierīces likvidēšana
1. Šis simbols – pārsvītrota atkritumu tvertne uz riteņiem – norāda, ka elektrisko un elektronisko iekārtu atkritumi 
(EEIA) jāutilizē atsevišķi no sadzīves atkritumu plūsmas.
2. Veci elektriskie izstrādājumi var saturēt bīstamas vielas, tādēļ jūsu vecās ierīces pareiza utilizācija palīdzēs novērst 
iespējamās negatīvās sekas videi un cilvēka veselībai. Jūsu vecā ierīce var saturēt vairākkārt izmantojamas detaļas, 
kuras var izmantot citu izstrādājumu remontam, un citus vērtīgus materiālus, kurus var pārstrādāt, tādējādi 
saglabājot ierobežotus resursus.
3. Jūs varat aiznest ierīci vai nu uz veikalu, kurā šo izstrādājumu iegādājieties, vai sazināties ar vietējās pašvaldības 
atkritumu savākšanas iestādi un uzzināt sīkāku informāciju par tuvāko oficiālo EEIA savākšanas punktu. Jaunāko 
informāciju par savu valsti skatiet vietnē www.lg.com/global/recycling.
LIETUVIŲ K.  (Lithuanian)
Seno prietaiso utilizavimas
1. Išbrauktos šiukšlių dėžės simbolis rodo, kad elektros ir elektronikos įrangos atliekas (EEĮA) reiktų utilizuoti atskirai 
nuo buitinių atliekų.
2. Senoje elektrinėje įrangoje gali būti pavojingų medžiagų, taigi tinkamas seno prietaiso utilizavimas padės 
apsisaugoti nuo galimų neigiamų pasekmių aplinkai ir žmonių sveikatai. Jūsų sename prietaise gali būti dalių, kurias 
galima panaudoti dar kartą taisant kitą įrangą, ir kitų vertingų medžiagų, kurias galima perdirbti siekiant tausoti 
ribotus išteklius.
3. Savo prietaisą galite nugabenti į parduotuvę, kurioje jį įsigijote, arba kreipkitės į vietos valdžios atliekų tarnybą 
ir sužinokite, kur yra artimiausia EEĮA surinkimo vieta. Norėdami gauti daugiau informacijos apie savo šalies 
reikalavimus, apsilankykite www.lg.com/global/recycling.
42

--- Page 43 ---
LG Take-back & Recycling Policy (For USA)
LG Electronics offers a customized e-waste take-back & recycling service that meets local needs and requirements in the 
countries where e-waste regulations are in place, and also provides product take-back & recycling service voluntarily in 
some regions. LG Electronics evaluates products’ recyclability at the design step selectively, with the goal of improving 
recyclability where practicable. Through these activities, LG Electronics seeks to contribute to conserving natural resources 
and protecting the environment. For more information, please visit our global site at https://www.lg.com/global/recycling
Battery take-back information (For USA)
In case rechargeable battery is included in this product, the entire device should be recycled in compliance with 
rechargeable battery recycling standards because of the internal battery. To dispose of properly, call (800) 822-8837 or 
visit www.call2recycle.org.
INDIA ONLY
Environmental information
Disposal of your old appliance (as per e-waste Rules)
1.
When this crossed out wheeled bin symbol is depicted on the product and its operator’s manual, it means the 
product is covered by E-Waste Management Rules India published by MoEF & CC, Govt. of India and are meant to 
be recycled, dismantled, refurbished or disposed off.
2.
Do’s :
a. The product is required to be handed over only to the authorized recycler for disposal.
43

--- Page 44 ---
b. Keep the product in isolated area, after it becomes non-functional/unrepairable so as to prevent its accidental 
breakage.
Don’ts :
a. The product should not be opened by the user himself/herself, but only by authorized service personnel.
b. The product is not meant for re-sale to any unauthorized agencies/scrap dealer/kabariwalah.
c. The product is not meant for mixing into household waste stream.
d. Do not keep any replaced spare part(s) from the product in exposed area.
3. Any disposal through unauthorized agencies/person will attract action under Environment (Protection) Act 1986.
4. This product is complied with the requirement of Hazardous Substances as specified under E-Waste Management 
Rules India published by MoEF & CC, Govt. of India.
5. To locate a nearest collection centre or call for pick-up (limited area only) for disposal of this appliance, please 
contact No. 08069379999, Toll Free No. 1800-315-9999 for details. All collection centre and pick up facilities are 
done by third parties with LG Electronics India Ltd. Merely as a facilitator. For more detailed information, please 
visit : http://www.lg.com/in.
Battery
1. This symbol may be combined with chemical symbols for mercury(Hg), cadmium(Cd) or lead(Pb) if the battery 
Contains more that 0.0005% of mercury, 0.002% of cadmium or 0.004% of lead.
2. All batteries/accumulators should be disposed separately from the municipal waste stream via designated 
collection facilities appointed by the government or the local authorities.
3. The correct disposal of Your old batteries/accumulators will help to prevent potential negative consequences for 
the environment, animal and human health.
44

--- Page 46 ---
BRAZIL ONLY
Produto, Pilhas e Baterias:
1.
Não é recomendável o descarte do produto, assim como pilhas, baterias, acessórios em lixo comum.
2.
Após o uso, estes itens devem ser descartados de forma ambientalmente adequada, sob o risco de ocasionarem 
danos ao meio ambiente e à saúde humana (Resolução Conama 401/2008)
3.
No fim de sua vida útil, descarte o produto de forma ambientalmente adequada, sob pena de ocasionar danos ao 
meio ambiente e à saúde humana.
Programa Coleta Inteligente
1.
A LG criou o Programa Coleta Inteligente, para facilitar e viabilizar o descarte ambientalmente adequado de 
produtos, pilhas e baterias.
2.
Através do Programa Coleta Inteligente, a LG disponibiliza pontos de coleta em localidades diversas, incluindo 
assistências técnicas autorizadas da LG Electronics. Para mais informações visite o site www.lg.com/br/suporte/
coleta-seletiva ou contate nosso SAC através do número 4004-5400 (Capitais e Regiões metropolitanas) ou 
0800-707- 5454 (demais localidades).
SAUDI ARABIA ONLY
1. All batteries should be disposed separately from the municipal waste stream via designated collection facilities 
appointed by the government or the local authorities.
2.
The correct disposal of your old batteries will help to prevent potential negative consequences for the environment, 
animal and human health.
46

--- Page 47 ---
3. For more detail information about disposal of your old batteries, please contact your city office, waste disposal 
service or the shop where you purchased the product.
Also You can contact our LG Support Representative Call center from below Link https://www.lg.com/sa_en/
support/contact/telephone
                   1
  
                2
                  3
      LG              
https://www.lg.com/sa_en/support/contact/telephone
BATTERY
ENGLISH
1.
This symbol may be combined with chemical symbols for mercury(Hg), cadmium(Cd) or lead(Pb) if the battery 
Contains more that 0.0005% of mercury, 0.002% of cadmium or 0.004% of lead.
2.
All batteries/accumulators should be disposed separately from the municipal waste stream via designated 
collection facilities appointed by the government or the local authorities.
3.
The correct disposal of Your old batteries/accumulators will help to prevent potential negative consequences for 
the environment, animal and human health.
4.
For more detailed information about disposal of Your old batteries/accumulators, please contact Your city office, 
waste disposal service or the shop where You purchased the product. (http://www.lg.com/global/sustainability/
environment/take-back-recycling/global-network-europe)
FRANÇAIS
1.
Ce symbole peut être associé au symbole chimique du mercure (Hg), du cadmium (Cd) ou du plomb (Pb) si la 
batterie contient plus de 0,0005% de mercure, 0,002% de cadmium ou 0,004% de plomb.
2.
Toutes les piles et batteries doivent être collectées séparément et emportées par les services de voierie 
municipaux vers des intallations spécifiques de collecte des déchets, identifiées en conséquence par le 
gouvernement ou par les autorités locales.
3.
Le traitement correct de vos piles ou batteries usagées contribue à protéger l’environnement et la santé des 
personnes et des animaux.
4.
Pour plus d’informations sur le traitement de vos piles ou batteries usagées, merci de bien vouloir vous adresser 
à votre mairie, au service de la voierie ou au magasin où vous avez acheté le produit. (http://www.lg.com/global/
sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling/global-network-europe)
ITALIANO
1.
Questo simbolo può essere combinato con i simboli di mercurio (Hg), cadmio (Cd) o piombo (Pb) se la batteria 
contiene più di 0,0005% di mercurio, 0,002% di cadmio 0,004% di piombo.
2.
Tutte le batterie/accumulatori devono essere smaltiti separatamente dai rifiuti domestici e nei punti di raccolta 
designati dal governo o dalle autorità locali.
47

--- Page 48 ---
3. II corretto smaltimento delle vecchie batterie/accumulatori consente di evitare conseguenze potenziali negative per 
l’ambiente e la salute umana.
4. Per informazioni più dettagliate relative allo smaltimento di vecchie batterie/accumulatori rivolgersi alla propria 
azienda di servizi ambientali o al servizio di smaltimento del negozio in cui avete acquistato il prodotto. (http://
www.lg.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling/global-network-europe)
SVENSKA
1. Denna symbol kan kombineras med de kemiska symbolerna för kvicksilver(Hg), kadmium(Cd) eller bly (Pb) om 
batteriet innehåller mer än, 0,0005% kvicksilver, 0,002% kadmium eller 0,004% bly.
2. Alla batterier/ackumulatorer skall hanteras åtskiljda från vanligt hushållsavfall och föras till för ändamålet avsedda 
uppsamlingsplatser utsedda av myndigheterna.
3. Rätt hantering av dina gamla batterier/ackumulatorer medverkar till att förhindra negativa konsekvenser för miljön, 
och för djurs och människors hälsa.
4. För mer detaljerad information om hanteringen av dina gamla batterier/ackumulatorer ber vi dig ta kontakt med 
myndigheterna där du bor, eller med affären där du köpt din apparat. (http://www.lg.com/global/sustainability/
environment/take-back-recycling/global-network-europe)
NEDERLANDS
1. Dit symbool kan samen met de chemische symbolen voor kwik (Hg), cadmium (Cd) en lood (Pb) worden gebruikt als 
de batterij of de accu meer dan 0,0005% kwik, 0,002% cadmium of 0,004% lood bevat.
2. Batterijen en accu’s moeten altijd gescheiden van het normale huisvuil worden afgevoerd via door de overheid 
aangewezen inzamelpunten.
3. Door lege batterijen en accu’s op de juiste manier af te voeren, helpt u mogelijke negatieve gevolgen voor het 
milieu en de gezondheid van mens en dier te voorkomen.
4. Bel voor meer informatie over het afvoeren van lege batterijen en accu’s de afdeling Milieudienst van het 
gemeentehuis van uw woonplaats, het dichtstbijzijnde erkende inleveradres of de winkel waar u het product hebt 
gekocht. (http://www.lg.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling/global-network-europe)
SUOMI
1. Mikäli paristo tai akku sisältää yli 0,0005% elohopeaa, 0,002% kadmiumia tai yli 0,004% lyijyä, voi tämä symboli 
sisältää näiden kemiallisten aineiden lyhenteet kuten elohopea (Hg), kadmium (Cd) tai lyijy (Pb).
2. Kaikki paristot/akut tulisi hävittää erikseen kotitalousjätteestä, ja ne tulisi toimittaa hävitettäväksi valtion tai 
paikallisten viranomaisten osoittamaan keräyspisteeseen.
3. Käytettyjen paristojen/akkujen oikea hävitystapa auttaa estämään mahdollisia negatiivisia vaikutuksia ympäristölle, 
eläin- ja ihmisterveydelle.
4. Käytettyjen paristojen/akkujen hävityksestä saat lisätietoja ottamalla yhteyttä paikallisiin viranomaisiin, 
jätteenkäsittely-yhtiöön tai tuotteen hankintapaikkaan. (http://www.lg.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-
back-recycling/global-network-europe)
DEUTSCH
1. Dieses Symbol kann mit chmeischen Symbolen für Quecksilber (Hg), Kadmium (Cd) oder Blei kombiniert sein, wenn 
die Batterie mehr als 0,0005 % Quecksilber, 0,002 % Kadmium oder 0,004 % Blei enthält.
2. Alle Batterien/Akkus sollten getrennt vom Hausmüll über die ausgewiesenen Sammelstellen entsorgt werden, die 
von staatlichen oder regionalen Behörden dazu bestimmt wurden.
3. Die ordnungsgemäße Entsorgung Ihrer alten Batterien/Akkus hilft bei der Vermeidung möglicher negativer Folgen 
für Mensch, Tier und Umwelt.
4. Beim Wunsch nach ausführlicheren Informationen über die Entsorgung Ihrer alten Batterien/Akkus wenden Sie sich 
bitte an Ihre Stadt-/ oder Gemeindeverwaltung, die für Sie zuständige Abfallbehörde oder das Geschäft, in dem 
Sie das Produkt gekauft haben. (http://www.lg.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling/global-
network-europe)
48

--- Page 49 ---
DANSK
1. Symbolet kan være kombineret med de kemiske symboler for kviksølv (Hg), kadmium (Cd) eller bly (Pb), hvis 
batteriet indeholer mere end 0,0005% kviksølv, 0,002%kadmium eller 0,004% bly.
2. Alle batterier/akkumulatorer bør bortskaffes på separat vis, og ikke som husholdningsaffald, men via specielle 
opsamlingssteder, der er udpeget af de offentlige eller lokale myndigheder.
3. Når du bortskaffer dine gamle batterier/akkumulatorer på korrekt vis, hjælper du med til at forhindre mulige 
negative konsekvenser på miljøet samt på dyrs og menneskers sundhed.
4. Ønsker du yderligere oplysninger om bortskaffelse af dine gamle batterier/akkumulatorer, skal du kontakte de 
offentlige myndigheder, genbrugspladsen eller butikken, hvor du købte produktet. (http://www.lg.com/global/
sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling/global-network-europe)
ΕΛΛΗΝΙΚΑ
1. Αυτό το σύμβολο ενδέχεται να συνδυάζεται με χημικά σύμβολα για υδράργυρο (Hg), κάδμιο (Cd) ή μόλυβδο (Ρb) 
εάν η μπαταρία περιέχει περισσότερο από 0,0005% υδράργυρο, 0,002% κάδμιο ή 0,004% μόλυβδο.
2. Όλες οι μπαταρίες /συσσωρευτές θα πρέπει να απορρίπτονται χωριστά από τα οικιακά απορρίμματα στις 
προβλεπόμενες εγκαταστάσεις συλλογής που έχει δημιουργήσει το κράτος ή οι τοπικές αρχές
3. Η σωστή απόρριψη των παλαιών μπαταριών / συσσωρευτών συμβάλλει στην πρόληψη αρνητικών επιπτώσεων για 
το περιβάλλον, τα ζώα και την υγεία ανθρώπων.
4. Για αναλυτικότερες πληροφορίες σχετικά με την απόρριψη των παλιών μπαταριών / συσσωρευτών, επικοινωνήστε 
με το δημαρχείο σας, την υπηρεσία αποκομιδής απορριμμάτων ή το κατάστημα όπου αγοράσατε το προϊόν. (http://
www.lg.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling/global-network-europe)
ESPAÑOL
1. Este símbolo puede aparecer junto con símbolos químicos de mercurio (Hg), cadmio (Cd) o plomo (Pb) si la batería 
contiene más de un 0,0005% de mercurio, un 0,002% de cadmio o un 0,004% de plomo.
2. Las baterías o acumuladores no deberán tirarse junto con la basura convencional, sino a través de los puntos de 
recogida designados por el gobierno o las autoridades locales.
3. La correcta recogida y tratamiento de las baterías o acumuladores antiguos contribuye a evitar las potenciales 
consecuencias negativas para el medio ambiente, los animales y la salud pública.
4. Para más información sobre la eliminación de baterías o acumuladores antiguos, póngase en contacto con su 
ayuntamiento, el servicio de recogida de basuras o el comercio en el que adquirió el producto. (http://www.lg.com/
global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling/global-network-europe)
CATALÀ
1. Aquest símbol pot combinar-se amb els símbols químics de mercuri (Hg), cadmi (Cd) o plom (Pb) si la bateria conté 
més de 0,0005 % de mercuri, 0,002 % de cadmi o 0,004 % de plom.
2. Totes les bateries o acumuladors s’han d'eliminar per separat del sistema de residus urbans a través de les 
instal·lacions de recollida designades pel govern o les autoritats locals.
3. L'eliminació correcta de les vostres bateries o dels acumuladors vells ajudarà a evitar possibles efectes negatius en 
el medi ambient i en la salut de les persones i dels animals.
4. Per obtenir informació més detallada sobre l'eliminació de les bateries o dels vostres acumuladors vells, contacteu 
amb l'oficina municipal, el servei de gestió de residus o la botiga on vau adquirir el producte. (http://www.lg.com/
global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling/global-network-europe)
PORTUGUÊS
1. Este símbolo pode ser combinado com símbolos químicos para mercúrio (Hg), cádmio (Cd) ou chumbo (Pb) se a 
bateria contiver mais de 0,0005% de mercúrio, 0,002% de cádmio ou 0,004% de chumbo.
2. Todos as baterias/acumuladores devem ser eliminados em separado do lixo municipal através dos serviços de 
recolha designados pelas autoridades locais ou nacionais.
49

--- Page 50 ---
3. A eliminação correcta das baterias/acumuladores usadas ajuda a prevenir consequências negativas potenciais para 
o ambiente e para a saúde humana e animal.
4. Para informações mais detalhadas sobre a eliminação das suas baterias/acumuladores, contacte por favor os 
serviços de reciclagem locais, ou o local onde adquiriu o produto. (http://www.lg.com/global/sustainability/
environment/take-back-recycling/global-network-europe)
SLOVENČINA
1. Tento symbol môže byť kombinovaný s chemickými symbolmi pre ortuť (Hg), kadmium (Cd) alebo olovo (Pb) v 
prípade, ak batéria obsahuje viac ako 0,0005 % ortuti, 0,002 % kadmia alebo 0,004 % olova.
2. Všetky batérie/akumulátory by sa mali likvidovať oddelene od komunálneho odpadu prostredníctvom určených 
zberných zariadení ustanovených štátnymi alebo miestnymi úradmi.
3. Správna likvidácia vašich starých batérií/akumulátorov pomôže zabrániť negatívnym následkom na životné 
prostredie, zdravotný stav ľudí a zvierat.
4. Viac informácií o likvidácii vašich starých batérií/akumulátorov vám poskytne váš mestský úrad, firma na likvidáciu 
odpadu alebo obchod, kde ste si výrobok kúpili. (http://www.lg.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-
recycling/global-network-europe)
ČESKY
1. Tento symbol může být kombinován s chemickou značkou rtuti (Hg), kadmia (Cd) nebo olova (Pb), pokud baterie 
obsahuje více než 0,0005 % rtuti, 0,002 % kadmia nebo 0,004 % olova.
2. Všechny baterie/akumulátory je nutno likvidovat odděleně od běžného domovního odpadu, využijte k tomu určená 
sběrná místa dle pokynů národních nebo místních úřadů.
3. Správná likvidace starých baterií/akumulátorů pomůže zabránit možným negativním dopadům na životní prostředí a 
zdraví lidí a zvířat.
4. Podrobnější informace o likvidaci starých baterií/akumulátorů vám sdělí váš místní úřad, zpracovatel odpadu nebo 
obchod, kde jste produkt zakoupili. (http://www.lg.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling/
global-network-europe)
HRVATSKI
1. Taj simbol može se pojaviti u kombinaciji s kemijskim simbolom za živu (Hg), kadmij (Cd) ili olovo (Pb) ako baterija 
sadrži više od 0,0005% žive, 0,002% kadmija ili 0,004% olova.
2. Sve baterije/akumulatore treba odvojiti od kućanskog otpada i odložiti ih na mjesto koje je za otpad odredila vlada 
ili lokalna uprava.
3. Ispravnim odlaganjem starih baterija/akumulatora sprječavate negativan utjecaj na okoliš, zdravlje životinja i ljudi.
4. Dodatne informacije o odlaganju starih baterija/akumulatora zatražite od gradske uprave, komunalne službe ili 
trgovine u kojoj ste kupili proizvod. (http://www.lg.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling/
global-network-europe)
MAGYAR
1. Ez a szimbólum a higany (Hg), a kadmium (Cd), illetve az ólom (Pb) vegyjelével is lehet kombinálva, ha az adott 
elem 0,0005%-nál több higanyt, 0,002%-nál több kadmiumot, illetve 0,004%-nál több ólmot tartalmaz.
2. Minden elemet/akkumulátort a háztartási hulladéktól elkülönítve kell kezelni, a kormány, illetve a helyi hatóságok 
által kijelölt gyűjtőlétesítményeken.
3. A régi elemek/akkumulátorok megfelelő hulladékkezelése segít megelőzni a környezetre, illetve állatok és emberek 
egészségére gyakorolt lehetséges negatív következményeket.
4. A régi elemek/akkumulátorok hulladékkezelésével kapcsolatos részletes tájékoztatásért forduljon az önkormányzat 
irodájához, a hulladékkezelő szolgálathoz, illetve ahhoz az üzlethez, ahol a terméket vásárolta. (http://www.lg.com/
global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling/global-network-europe)
POLSKI
50

--- Page 51 ---
1. Symbol ten może znajdować się w obecności chemicznych oznaczeń rtęci (Hg), kadmu (Cd) lub ołowiu (Pb), jeżeli 
bateria zawiera ponad 0,0005% rtęci, 0,002% kadmu lub 0,004% ołowiu.
2. Wszystkie baterie/akumulatory powinny być utylizowane w oddzieleniu od innych odpadów komunalnych przez 
jednostki wyznaczone do tego celu przez władze rządowe lub lokalne.
3. Poprawna utylizacja zużytych baterii/akumulatorów pomoże zapobiec możliwym negatywnym wpływom na 
środowisko, zwierzęta i ludzkie zdrowie.
4. W celu uzyskania więcej informacji na temat utylizacji zużytych baterii/akumulatorów należy skontaktować się z 
lokalnym urzędem miasta, zakładem usług komunalnych lub sklepem, w którym produkt został zakupiony. (http://
www.lg.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling/global-network-europe)
EESTI
1. Seda sümbolit võbeda (Hg), kaadmiumi (Cd) või plii (Pb) keemiline tähis, kui patarei/aku sisaldab üle 0,0005% 
elavhõbedat, üle 0,002% kaadmiumi või üle 0,004% pliid.
2. Kõigi patareide/akude käitlemine peab toimuma olmeprügiveost eraldi, riiklikult või kohaliku omavalitsuse poolt 
määratud spetsiaalsete kogumispunktide kaudu.
3. Teie vanade patareide/akude nõuetekohane käitlemine aitab ära hoida võimalikke negatiivseid tagajärgi keskkonnale 
ja inimeste tervisele.
4. Täpsema teabe saamiseks oma vanade patareide/akude käitlemise kohta põõrduge palun kohaliku omavalitsuse/
jäätmekäitlusettevõtte poole või kauplusse, kust te antud toote ostsite. (http://www.lg.com/global/sustainability/
environment/take-back-recycling/global-network-europe)
LATVIEŠU
1. Šo simbolu var papildināt dzīvsudraba (Hg), kadmija (Cd) vai svina (Pb) ķīmisko elementu simboli, ja akumulators 
satur vairāk kā 0,0005% dzīvsudraba, 0,002% kadmija vai 0,004% svina.
2. Visas baterijas/akumulatori ir jālikvidē valsts vai pašvaldības nozīmētās speciālās atkritumu savākšanas vietās, 
atsevišķi no mājsaimniecības atkritumiem.
3. Pareizi atbrīvojoties no vecajām baterijām/akumulatoriem, tiks novērstas iespējami nelabvēlīgās sekas uz apkārtējo 
vidi un cilvēku veselību.
4. Lai saņemtu sīkāku informāciju par atbrīvošanos no vecajām baterijām/akumulatoriem, lūdzu, sazinieties ar savas 
pašvaldības biroju, atkritumu iznīcināšanas dienestu vai veikalu, kur nopirkāt šo izstrādājumu. (http://www.lg.com/
global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling/global-network-europe)
LIETUVIŲ K.
1. Jeigu maitinimo elemente yra daugiau nei 0,0005 % gyvsidabrio, kadmio (Cd) arba 0,004 % švino, šis ženklas gali 
būti naudojamas kartu su cheminiais gyvsidabrio (Hg), 0,002% kadmio arba švino (Pb) ženklais.
2. Visi maitinimo elementai/akumuliatoriaus turi būti išmetami atskirai, ne su buitinėmis atliekomis; juos reikia atiduoti 
į tam skirtus surinkimo punktus, kuriuos įrengia vyriausybė arba vietos valdžios institucijos.
3. Tinkamai išmetę senus maitinimo elementus/akumuliatorius, padėsite apsaugoti aplinką, gyvūnų ir žmonių sveikatą 
nuo galimų neigiamų padarinių.
4. Išsamesnės informacijos apie senų maitinimo elementų/akumuliatorių išmetimą teiraukitės savo miesto 
savivaldybės administracijoje, atliekų tvarkymo tarnyboje arba parduotuvėje, kurioje įsigijote šį gaminį. (http://
www.lg.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling/global-network-europe)
TÜRKÇE
1. Bu sembol pillerin %0,0005 oranında civa, %0,002 oranında kadmiyum veya %0,004 oranında kurşun içermesi 
durumunda cıva (Hg), kadmiyum (Cd) veya kurşun (Pb) kimyasal sembolleri ile bir arada bulunabilir.
2. Tüm piller ve akümülatörler, normal atılan çöplerden ayrı olarak, hükümet veya yerel idareler tarafından belirlenmiş 
olan toplama merkezlerinde atılmalıdır.
51

--- Page 52 ---
3. Bu tip kullanılmış pillerin/akümülatörlerin doğru olarak atılması hem çevreye hem de hayvan ve insan sağlığına 
verilebilecek potansiyel olumsuz sonuçları önleyecektir.
4. Kullanılmış pillerinizin/akümülatörlerinizin atılması ile ilgili olarak, bulunduğunuz yerdeki belediye, çöp atım hizmeti 
veren kuruluşlara veya ürünü satın aldığınız yerlere başvurabilirsiniz. (http://www.lg.com/global/sustainability/
environment/take-back-recycling/global-network-europe)
SLOVENŠČINA
1. Simbolu so lahko dodane tudi kemične oznake za živo srebro (Hg), kadmij (Cd) ali svinec (Pb), če baterija vsebuje 
več kot 0,0005 % živega srebra, 0,002 % kadmija ali 0,004 % svinca.
2. Vse baterije/akumulatorje odstranjujte ločeno od običajnih komunalnih odpadkov na namenskih zbirnih mestih, ki jih 
določijo vlada ali krajevne oblasti.
3. S pravilnim odlaganjem starih baterij/akumulatorjev pomagate preprečevati negativne posledice za okolje ter 
zdravje ljudi in živali.
4. Podrobnejše informacije o odstranjevanju starih baterij/akumulatorjev poiščite pri mestnem uradu, komunalni službi 
ali prodajalni, kjer ste izdelke kupili. (http://www.lg.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling/
global-network-europe)
БЪЛГАРСКИ
1. Ако батерията съдържа над 0,0005% живак, 0,002% кадмий или 0,004% олово, този символ може да е 
придружен от химически знак, обозначаващи живак (Hg), кадмий (Cd) или олово (Pb).
2. Всички батерии/акумулатори трябва да бъдат изхвърляни отделно от битовите отпадъци чрез определени за 
това от правителството и местните власти съоръжения.
3. Правилното изхвърляне на непотребните батерии/акумулатори ще помогне за предотвратяване на възможни 
негативни последици за околната среда, животните и човешкото здраве.
4. За по-подробна информация за изхвърлянето на непотребни батерии/акумулатори се обърнете към местната 
община, услугите по изхвърляне на отпадъци или магазина, откъдето сте закупили продукта. (http://
www.lg.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling/global-network-europe)
ROMÂNĂ
1. Acest simbol poate fi asociat cu simboluri de elemente chimice pentru mercur(Hg), cadmiu(Cd) sau plumb(Pb) dacă 
bateria conţine o cantitate mai mare de 0,0005% de mercur, 0,002% de cadmiu sau 0,004% de plumb.
2. Toate bateriile/acumulatoarele trebuie eliminate separat de deşeurile menajere municipale prin unităţi de colectare 
dedicate, desemnate de guvern sau de autorităţile locale.
3. Eliminarea corectă a vechilor dvs. baterii/acumulatoare va ajuta la prevenirea potenţialelor consecinţe negative 
asupra mediului înconjurător şi sănătăţii oamenilor.
4. Pentru informaţii mai detaliate despre eliminarea vechilor dvs. baterii/acumulatoare, contactaţi biroul local, 
serviciul de eliminare a deşeurilor sau magazinul de la care aţi achiziţionat produsul. (http://www.lg.com/global/
sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling/global-network-europe)
NORSK
1. Dette symbolet kan være kombinert med de kjemiske tegnene for kvikksølv (Hg), kadmium (Cd) eller bly (Pb) hvis 
batteriene inneholder mer enn 0,0005 % kvikksølv, 0,002 % kadmium eller 0,004 % bly.
2. Alle batterier/akkumulatorer skal kastes atskilt fra restavfall og leveres ved offentlige spesialavfallsstasjoner.
3. Riktig håndtering av brukte batterier/akkumulatorer som avfall bidrar til å forhindre skader på miljøet og dyrs og 
menneskers helse.
4. Hvis du vil ha mer informasjon om hvordan du bør håndtere brukte batterier/akkumulatorer som avfall, kan du ta 
kontakt med lokale myndigheter, renovasjonstjenesten på stedet eller butikken der du kjøpte produktet. (http://
www.lg.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling/global-network-europe)
SRPSKI
52

--- Page 53 ---
1. Simbol može biti kombinovan sa hemijskim simbolima za živu (Hg), kadmijum (Cd) ili olovo (Pb) ako baterija sadrži 
više od 0,0005% žive, 0,002% kadmijuma ili 0,004% olova.
2. Sve baterije/akumulatore treba odložiti odvojeno od opšteg gradskog otpada, i to preko namenskih tačaka za 
prikupljanje, ustanovljenih od strane vlade ili lokalne uprave.
3. Ispravnim odlaganjem starih baterija/akumulatora sprečavate potencijalne negativne efekte na okolinu, zdravlje 
životinja i ljudi.
4. Dodatne informacije o odlaganju starih baterija/akumulatora zatražite od gradske uprave, komunalnog preduzeća ili 
prodavnice u kojoj ste kupili proizvod. (http://www.lg.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling/
global-network-europe)
РУССКИЙ
1. Данный символ может быть совмещен со значком химического элемента: ртути(Hg), кадмия(Cd) или 
свинца(Pb), если батарея содержит более 0,0005% ртути, 0,002% кадмия или 0,004% свинца.
2. Все аккумуляторы и батареи следует утилизировать отдельно от бытового мусора, в специальных местах 
сбора, назначенных правительственными или местными органами власти.
3. Правильная утилизация старых батарей и аккумуляторов поможет предотвратить потенциально вредное 
воздействие на окружающую среду и здоровье человека.
4. Для получения более подробных сведений об утилизации батарей и аккумуляторов обратитесь в 
администрацию города, службу, занимающуюся утилизацией или в магазин, где был приобретен продукт. 
(http://www.lg.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling/global-network-europe)
МAKEДOHCKИ
1. Овој симбол може да биде комбиниран со хемиските симболи за жива(Hg), кадмиум(Cd) или олово(Pb) ако 
батеријата содржи повеќе од 0,0005% жива, 0,002% кадмиум или 0,004% олово.
2. Сите батерии/акумулатори треба да бидат отстранети одделно од другиот отпад, на посебни места 
назначени од страна на владата или локалните власти.
3. Правилното отстранување на вашите стари батерии/акумулатори ќе ги спречи потенцијалните негативни 
последици за околината, животните и здравјето на луѓето.
4. За повеќе информации околу отстранувањето на вашите стари батерии/акумулатори, ве молиме обратете се 
до локалните власти, службата за отстранување отпад или продавницата од која сте го купиле производот. 
(http://www.lg.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling/global-network-europe)
For Equipment under battery regulation
ENGLISH
•
The battery is in compliance with the Regulation (EU) 2023/1542
DEUTSCH
•
Die Batterie entspricht der Verordnung (EU) 2023/1542
FRANÇAIS
•
La pile est conforme à la réglementation (UE) 2023/1542
ITALIANO
53

--- Page 54 ---
• La batteria è conforme al Regolamento (UE) 2023/1542
ESPAÑOL
•
La pila cumple con el Reglamento (UE) 2023/1542
CATALÀ
•
La bateria compleix el Reglament (UE) 2023/1542
PORTUGUÊS
• A bateria está em conformidade com o Regulamento (EU) 2023/1542
NEDERLANDS
•
Deze accu voldoet aan de verordening (EU) 2023/1542
ΕΛΛΗΝΙΚΑ
•
Η μπαταρία συμμορφώνεται με τον κανονισμό (ΕΕ) 2023/1542
MAGYAR
•
Az akkumulátor megfelel az (EU) 2023/1542 rendeletnek
POLSKI
•
Bateria spełnia wymogi rozporządzenia (UE) 2023/1542
ČESKY
•
Baterie odpovídá Nařízení (EU) 2023/1542
SLOVENČINA
•
Batéria je v súlade s nariadením (EÚ) 2023/1542
ROMÂNĂ
•
Bateria este în conformitate cu Regulamentul (UE) 2023/1542
БЪЛГАРСКИ
•
Батерията е в съответствие с Регламент (ЕС) 2023/1542
SVENSKA
•
Batteriet överensstämmer med förordning (EU) 2023/1542
NORSK
•
Batteriet overholder forordningen (EU) 2023/1542
DANSK
•
Batteriet er i overensstemmelse med forordning (EU) 2023/1542
SUOMI
•
Akku tai paristo on asetuksen (EU) 2023/1542 vaatimusten mukainen
EESTI
•
Aku vastab määrusele (EL) 2023/1542
LIETUVIŲ K.
•
Baterija atitinka Reglamentą (ES) 2023/1542
LATVIEŠU
•
Akumulators ir atbilstīgs Regulai (ES) 2023/1542.
SLOVENŠČINA
54

--- Page 55 ---
• Baterija je v skladu z Uredbo (EU) 2023/1542.
SRPSKI
•
Baterija je u skladu sa Uredbom (EU) 2023/1542.
HRVATSKI
•
Baterija je u skladu s Uredbom (EU) 2023/1542.
РУССКИЙ
• Элемент питания соответствует требованиям Регламента (ЕС) 2023/1542.
МAKEДOHCKИ
•
Батеријата е во согласност со Регулативата (ЕУ) 2023/1542.
TÜRKÇE
•
Pil, (AB) 2023/1542 sayılı Yönetmelik ile uyumludur
Removal of waste batteries and accumulators (Product with embedded battery ONLY)
ENGLISH
•
Removal of waste batteries and accumulators (Product with embedded battery ONLY)
In case this product contains a battery incorporated within the product which cannot be readily removed by end-users, 
LG recommends that only qualified professionals remove the battery, either for replacement or for recycling at the end 
of this product’s working life. To prevent damage to the product, and for their own safety, users should not attempt to 
remove the battery and should contact LG Service Helpline, or other independent service providers for advice.
Removal of the battery will involve dismantling of the product case, disconnection of the electrical cables/contacts, 
and careful extraction of the battery cell. If you need the instructions for qualified professionals on how to remove the 
battery safely, please visit http://www.lge.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling
DEUTSCH
•
Entfernen von Abfallbatterien und -Akkus (Nur für Produkte mit integrierter Batterie)
Falls dieses Produkt eine im Produkt eingearbeitete Batterie/Akku enthält, die nicht ohne weiteres durch den 
Endbenutzer entfernt werden kann, empfiehlt LG, dass nur qualifizierte Fachkräfte Batterie oder Akku entfernen, 
die/der entweder wegen einer Ersatzlieferung oder für ein Recycling am Ende der Lebensdauer dieses Produkts 
ausgetauscht werden muss. Um Schäden am Produkt zu vermeiden, und für ihre eigene Sicherheit, sollten Benutzer 
nicht versuchen, Batterie oder Akku zu entfernen und diesbezüglich die LG-Beratungsstelle oder einen anderen 
unabhängigen Dienstleister zwecks Beratung kontaktieren.
Eine Entfernung der Batterie umfasst die Demontage des Produktgehäuses, das Trennen der elektrischen Kabel/
Kontakte und eine vorsichtige Entnahme der Batteriezelle. Wenn Sie die Anweisungen für qualifizierte Fachkräfte 
benötigen, wie man Batterie/Akku sicher entfernen kann, besuchen Sie bitte http://www.lge.com/global/sustainability/
environment/take-back-recycling
FRANÇAIS
•
Retrait de batteries et d’accumulateurs à mettre au rebut (produit avec batterie intégrée UNIQUEMENT)
Dans le cas où ce produit contiendrait une batterie intégrée impossible à retirer facilement par les utilisateurs finaux, 
LG recommande de confier exclusivement à des professionnels qualifiés le soin de retirer la batterie, que ce soit pour la 
remplacer ou pour la recycler lorsque le produit est arrivée en fin de vie. Pour éviter d’endommager le produit et pour 
leur propre sécurité, les utilisateurs ne doivent pas tenter de retirer la batterie et ils doivent demander conseil à l’aide 
en ligne de LG Service ou à d’autres prestataires de services indépendants.
55

--- Page 56 ---
Le retrait de la batterie implique le démontage du boîtier du produit, la déconnexion des câbles/contacts électriques et 
l'extraction minutieuse de la cellule de la batterie. En allant sur http://www.lge.com/global/sustainability/environment/
take-back-recycling, vous trouverez des instructions destinées aux professionnels qualifiés sur les procédures à 
employer pour retirer la batterie en toute sécurité.
ITALIANO
• Rimozione di batterie e accumulatori (SOLO prodotti con batteria incorporata)
Nel caso in cui il prodotto contenga una batteria incorporata nel prodotto che non può essere facilmente rimossa 
dall’utente finale, LG raccomanda che la batteria venga rimossa solo da professionisti qualificati, sia per la sostituzione 
sia per il riciclaggio al termine della vita del prodotto. Per evitare danni al prodotto, e per la propria sicurezza, gli 
utenti non devono tentare di rimuovere la batteria, ma contattare il Servizio clienti di LG o altri fornitori di servizi 
indipendenti per ottenere consiglio.
Per rimuovere la batteria, è necessario smontare la custodia del prodotto, scollegare i cavi/contatti elettrici ed estrarre 
delicatamente la batteria a bottone. In caso di bisogno di istruzioni per professionisti qualificati su come rimuovere la 
batteria in modo sicuro, si prega di visitare http://www.lge.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling
ESPAÑOL
•
Eliminación de las baterías y acumuladores usados (SOLO para productos con batería integrada)
En caso de que este producto contenga una batería incorporada que los usuarios finales no pueda retirar fácilmente, LG 
recomienda que sólo profesionales cualificados retiren la batería, ya sea para su sustitución que para reciclar la batería 
al final de la vida útil del producto.
Para evitar daños en el producto, y por su propia seguridad, el usuario no debe intentar retirar la batería, debe ponerse 
en contacto con la Línea de Ayuda de Servicios de LG, o con otros proveedores de servicios independientes para su 
asesoramiento.
La extracción de la batería implicará el desmontaje de la carcasa del producto, la desconexión de los cables/contactos 
eléctricos y la extracción cuidadosa de la celda de la batería. Si necesita instrucciones de profesionales cualificados 
sobre cómo retirar la batería de manera segura, por favor visite http://www.lge.com/global/sustainability/environment/
take-back-recycling
CATALÀ
•
Eliminació de bateries i acumuladors usats (NOMÉS per a productes amb bateria integrada)
En cas que aquest producte contingui una bateria integrada difícil d'extreure pels usuaris finals, LG recomana que 
l'extreguin només professionals qualificats, sigui per substituir-la o per reciclar-la al final de la vida útil d'aquest 
producte.
Per evitar danys en el producte i per la vostra seguretat, no heu d'intentar extreure la bateria. Poseu-vos en contacte 
amb el servei d'atenció al client d'LG o amb altres proveïdors de serveis independents perquè us assessorin.
L'extracció de la bateria implica desmuntar la carcassa del producte, desconnectar els cables o contactes elèctrics i 
extreure la bateria amb molt de compte. Si necessiteu les instruccions de professionals qualificats sobre com extreure 
la bateria de manera segura, visiteu http://www.lge.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling
PORTUGUÊS
•
Remoção de resíduos de pilhas e acumuladores (APENAS produtos com bateria incorporada)
No caso de este produto conter uma bateria incorporada que não possa ser removida prontamente pelos utilizadores 
finais, seja para substituição ou reciclagem no fim da vida útil deste produto, a LG recomenda que a sua remoção seja 
efetuada apenas por técnicos qualificados. Para evitar danificar o produto e para sua própria segurança, os utilizadores 
não deverão tentar remover a bateria, devendo contactar o Serviço de Assistência LG ou outros fornecedores de 
serviços independentes.
A remoção da bateria implica desmontar a caixa do produto, desligar os contactos/cabos elétricos e uma extrair 
cuidadosamente a célula da bateria. Se pretender obter instruções de técnicos qualificados sobre o modo de remoção 
seguro da bateria, visite http://www.lge.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling
NEDERLANDS
56

--- Page 57 ---
• Verwijdering van afgedankte batterijen en accu’s (ALLEEN product ingebedde batterij)
In het geval dat dit product een binnen het product opgenomen batterij bevat, die niet gemakkelijk kan worden 
verwijderd door eindgebruikers, raadt LG aan om de batterij alleen door gekwalificeerde professionals te laten 
verwijderen, zijnde voor vervanging of voor recycling aan het einde van de levensduur van dit product. Om schade aan 
het product te voorkomen, en voor hun eigen veiligheid, moeten gebruikers niet proberen om de batterij te verwijderen 
en moeten contact opnemen met de LG-servicehulplijn of andere onafhankelijke serviceproviders voor advies.
Om de batterij te verwijderen, moet de productbehuizing worden verwijderd, moeten de elektrische kabels/contacten 
worden losgekoppeld en moet de batterijcel voorzichtig worden uitgenomen. Als u de instructies voor gekwalificeerde 
professionals nodig hebt betreffende het veilig verwijderen van de batterij, gaat u naar http://www.lge.com/global/
sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling
ΕΛΛΗΝΙΚΑ
•
Αφαίρεση χρησιμοποιημένων μπαταριών και συσσωρευτών (ΜΟΝΟ για το προϊόν με την ενσωματωμένη μπαταρία)
Στην περίπτωση που το προϊόν διαθέτει ενσωματωμένη μπαταρία που δε μπορεί να αφαιρεθεί από το χρήστη, 
η LG σας προτείνει να απευθυνθείτε σε επαγγελματία για την αφαίρεση της μπαταρίας, εάν πρόκειται να την 
αντικαταστήσετε ή να τη στείλετε για ανακύκλωση στο τέλος της ζωής της. Για την πρόληψη βλάβης στο προϊόν, και 
για την ασφάλεια του χρήστη, μην επιχειρήσετε να αφαιρέσετε τη μπαταρία. Απευθυνθείτε στη Γραμμή Βοήθειας της 
LG, ή σε άλλο επαγγελματία.
Η αφαίρεση της μπαταρίας περιλαμβάνει αποσυναρμολόγηση της θήκης του προϊόντος, αποσύνδεση των ηλεκτρικών 
καλωδίων/επαφών και προσεκτική εξαγωγή των στοιχείων της μπαταρίας. Εάν χρειάζεστε τις επαγγελματικές 
οδηγίες για την αφαίρεση της μπαταρίας, επισκεφθείτε τη διεύθυνση http://www.lge.com/global/sustainability/
environment/take-back-recycling
MAGYAR
•
Elhasználódott elemek és akkumulátorok eltávolítása (KIZÁRÓLAG beágyazott elemmel rendelkező termékek 
esetében)
Ha a termék olyan beágyazott elemet tartalmaz, amelyet a termékből a végfelhasználó nem tud könnyedén eltávolítani, 
az LG azt javasolja, hogy elemcseréhez vagy a termék élettartamának végén az újrahasznosításhoz azt csak 
szakemberrel távolíttassák el. A termék sérülésének megakadályozása és a saját biztonsága érdekében a felhasználók 
ne kíséreljék meg az elem eltávolítását, és tanácsadásért vegyék fel a kapcsolatot az LG Service segélyvonalával vagy 
más független szolgáltatóval.
Az akkumulátor eltávolítása magában foglalja a termék házának szétszerelését, az elektromos kábelek/érintkezők 
leválasztását és az akkumulátorcella gondos kihúzását. Ha szakember tanácsára van szüksége ahhoz, hogy 
biztonságosan távolítsa el az elemet, látogasson el a következő webhelyre: http://www.lge.com/global/sustainability/
environment/take-back-recycling
POLSKI
•
Usuwanie zużytych baterii i akumulatorów (Dotyczy TYLKO produktów z wbudowaną baterią)
Jeśli ten produkt ma wbudowaną baterię, której konsument nie powinien usuwać samodzielnie, LG zaleca, aby usunięcie 
baterii (w celu jej wymiany lub recyklingu po zakończeniu cyklu życia produktu) zlecić osobie wykwalifikowanej. Aby 
uniknąć uszkodzenia produktu i ewentualnego niebezpieczeństwa, użytkownik nie powinien próbować usuwać baterii. 
Zamiast tego, powinien skontaktować się z LG Service Helpline lub innym niezależnym dostawcą usług w celu uzyskania 
porady.
Wyjęcie baterii zakłada demontaż obudowy produktu, odłączenie kabli/styków elektrycznych i ostrożne wyjęcie 
ogniwa akumulatora. Jeśli potrzebujesz instrukcji bezpiecznego usuwania baterii przeznaczonej dla wykwalifikowanych 
pracowników, odwiedź stronę http://www.lge.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling
ČESKY
•
Vyjmutí starých baterií a akumulátorů (POUZE pro výrobek s integrovanou baterií)
V případě, že tento výrobek obsahuje v produktu integrovanou baterii, kterou koncový uživatel nemůže snadno 
odstranit, je doporučeno společností LG, aby buď při výměně, nebo za účelem recyklace na konci životnosti tohoto 
produktu, bylo vyjmutí baterie ponecháno pouze kvalifikovaným odborníkům. Aby nedošlo k poškození výrobku, nebo 
57

--- Page 58 ---
kvůli vlastní bezpečnosti by se uživatelé neměli pokoušet vyjmout baterii, ale naopak se obrátit o radu na servisní linku 
LG, nebo na jiné nezávislé poskytovatele služeb.
Vyjmutí baterie bude zahrnovat demontáž pouzdra produktu, odpojení elektrických kabelů/kontaktů a pečlivé vyjmutí 
baterie. Potřebujete-li pokyny pro kvalifikované odborníky o tom, jak bezpečně vyjmout baterii, navštivte prosím 
webové stránky http://www.lge.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling
SLOVENČINA
• Vybratie odpadových batérií a akumulátorov (LEN produkt so vstavanou batériou)
V prípade, ak tento produkt obsahuje batériu vstavanú v produkte, ktorú nedokáže koncový používateľ jednoducho 
vybrať, spoločnosť LG odporúča, aby batériu na účel výmeny alebo recyklovania po skončení prevádzkovej životnosti 
tohto produktu vybrali kvalifikovaní odborníci. S cieľom zabrániť poškodeniu produktu a kvôli vlastnej bezpečnosti sa 
používatelia nesmú pokúšať vyberať batériu a o pomoc musia požiadať linku pomoci servisu LG alebo iných nezávislých 
poskytovateľov servisu.
Vybratie batérie bude zahŕňať demontáž krytu výrobku, odpojenie elektrických káblov/kontaktov a opatrné vybratie 
článku batérie. Ak potrebujete pokyny o spôsobe bezpečného vybratia batérie určené pre kvalifikovaných odborníkov, 
navštívte http://www.lge.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling
ROMÂNĂ
•
Eliminarea bateriilor uzate și acumulatorilor uzați (DOAR în cazul produselor cu baterie încorporată)
În cazul în care bateria este încorporată în produs și nu poate fi îndepărtată de utilizatorul final, LG recomandă ca 
bateria să fie îndepărtată doar de către un personal calificat; bateria astfel îndepărtată trebuie înlocuită și reciclată 
la sfârșitul duratei de viață a produsului. Pentru a preveni deteriorarea produsului și producerea oricărui accident, 
utilizatorilor li se recomandă să nu îndepărteze bateria, și să contacteze Serviciul de Asistență LG, sau orice altă 
unitate service individuală.
Înlăturarea bateriei presupune demontarea carcasei produsului, deconectarea cablurilor/contactelor electrice şi 
extragerea cu atenţie a celulei bateriei. Pentru instrucțiunile de îndepărtare în condiții de siguranță a bateriei, destinate 
personalului calificat, vă rugăm accesați http://www.lge.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling
БЪЛГАРСКИ
•
Изхвърляне на отпадъци съдържащи батерии и акумулатори (САМО за продукти с вградена батерия)
В случай, че този продукт съдържа батерия включена в него, която не може лесно да бъде отстранена от 
крайните потребители, LG препоръчва само квалифицирани специалисти да изваждат батерията и да я заменят, 
и продуктът да се даде за рециклиране в края на работния си живот. За да предотвратят повреда на продукта, 
както и за собствената си безопасност, потребителите не трябва да се опитват да изваждат батерията и трябва 
да се свържат с LG Service „Гореща линия“, или други независими доставчици на услуги за съвет.
Изваждането на батерията включва демонтиране на кутията на продукта, изключване на електрическите 
кабели/контакти и внимателно изваждане на батерията. Ако имате нужда от инструкциите за квалифицирани 
специалисти относно това, как да извадите батерията безопасно, моля посетете: http://www.lge.com/global/
sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling
SVENSKA
•
Kassering av förbrukade batterier och ackumulatorer (Endast produkt med inbyggt batteri)
Om den här produkten innehåller ett batteri som sitter inbyggt i produkten och inte enkelt kan tas bort av användarna 
rekommenderar LG att endast behöriga personer tar ur batteriet, antingen för byte eller återvinning i slutet av 
produktens livslängd. För att förhindra skada på produkten och av säkerhetsskäl får användarna inte försöka ta ur 
batteriet och ska kontakta LG Service Helpline, eller en annan oberoende tjänsteleverantör för att få hjälp.
För att ta ut batteriet måste produktens chassi avlägsnas, elkablarna och kontakterna frånkopplas, varefter 
battericellen varsamt tas ut. Vid behov av instruktioner från behöriga fackmän kring hur batteriet avlägsnas på ett 
säkert sätt, besök sidan http://www.lge.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling
NORSK
58

--- Page 59 ---
• Fjerning av brukte batterier og akkumulatorer (KUN produkt med integrert batteri)
I tilfelle dette produktet inneholder et batteri innlemmet i produktet som ikke enkelt kan fjernes av sluttbrukere, 
anbefaler LG at kun kvalifisert fagpersonale fjerner batteriet, enten for bytte eller for resikr ved slutten av dette 
produktets brukstid. For å unngå skade på produktet, og for deres egen sikkerhet, bør brukere ikke prøve å fjerne 
batteriet, og bør kontakte LG Service Helpline, eller andre uavhengige serviceleverandører for råd.
For å ta ut batteriet må produktkabinettet demonteres, de elektriske kablene/kontaktene må kobles fra og 
battericellen må tas forsiktig ut. Hvis du trenger instruksjonene for kvalifisert fagpersonale om hvordan batteriet 
fjernes trygt, gå til http://www.lge.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling
DANSK
•
Fjernelse af opbrugte batterier og akkumulatorer (KUN produkter med integreret batteri)
Hvis produktet har et indbygget batteri, som ikke nemt kan fjernes af slutbrugere, anbefaler LG, at batteriet kun bliver 
fjernet af kvalificerede teknikere, både hvis det er til udskiftning eller genbrug i slutning af produktets levetid. Med 
henblik på at forhindre skade på produktet og af hensyn til brugernes sikkerhed må sidstnævnte ikke selv forsøge 
at fjerne batteriet, og de bør kontakte LG Service Helpline eller en anden uafhængig serviceleverandør angående råd 
herom.
Når batteriet skal fjernes, bliver produktets kabinet afmonteret, de elektriske kabler/kontakter bliver afbrudt og 
battericellen omhyggeligt udtaget. Hvis du har brug for vejledningen for kvalificerede teknikere om, hvordan batteriet 
sikkert skal fjernes, kan du besøge http://www.lge.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling
SUOMI
•
Käytettyjen paristojen/akkujen poisto (Tuote VAIN kiinteällä akulla)
Tässä tapauksessa tuote pitää sisällään akun joka on liitetty kiinteästi tuotteeseen ja jota ei voida välittömästi poistaa 
loppukäyttäjien toimesta, LG suosittelee että vain pätevöitetyt ammattilaiset poistavat akun, joko vaihtoa varten tai 
kierrätettäväksi tämän tuotteen käyttöiän päätyttyä. Estääkseen tuotteelle tapahtuvaa vahinkoa ja taatakseen oman 
turvallisuutensa, käyttäjien ei pidä yrittää irrottaa akkua vaan ottaa yhteyttä LG-palvelulinjaan tai muuhun itsenäiseen 
palvelutoimittajaan saadakseen ohjeistusta.
Akun poisto käsittää tuotteen kotelon purkamisen, sähköjohtojen/-kontaktien irtikytkemisen sekä akkukennon 
huolellisen poistamisen. Jos tarvitset ohjeita pätevöitettyjä ammattilaisia varten koskien akun turvallista irrotusta, 
vieraile osoitteessa http://www.lge.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling
EESTI
•
Kasutatud patareide ja akude eemaldamine (AINULT kaetud akudega toote korral)
Juhul, kui tootel on toote sisemuses asuv aku, mida lõppkasutaja ei saa lihtsalt eemaldada, soovitab LG aku 
eemaldamiseks, nii vahetamise kui toote kasutusea lõppedes hävitamiseks, kasutada ainult kvalifitseeritud personali 
abi. Selleks, et vältida toote kahjustusi ning tagada enda ohutus, ei tohi kasutaja akut ise eemaldada ning abi saamiseks 
tuleb ühendust võtta LG teenuste kasutajatoega või mistahes muu edasimüüjaga
Aku eemaldamine hõlmab toote korpuse lahtivõtmist, elektrikaablite/kontaktide lahtiühendamist ja akuelemendi 
hoolikat eemaldamist. Kui vajate aku ohutuks eemaldamiseks professionaalset abiinfot, külastage veebilehte http://
www.lge.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling
LIETUVIŲ K.
•
Baterijų ir akumuliatorių atliekų pašalinimas (TIK produktams su integruotu akumuliatoriumi)
Jei šiame produkte įmontuotas akumuliatorius, kurio tiesioginis naudotojas lengvai pašalinti negali, „LG“ rekomenduoja 
kad akumuliatorių, jo keitimo atveju arba perdirbimo produkto tarnavimo laiko pabaigoje, pašalintų tik kvalifikuoti 
specialistai. Siekiant apsaugoti įrenginį nuo apgadinimo ir jūsų pačių saugumui, naudotojai neturėtų bandyti patys 
pašalinti akumuliatoriaus ir norėdami gauti patarimų turėtų susisiekti su „LG“ Paslaugų pagalbos linija ar kitais 
nepriklausomais paslaugų tiekėjais.
Išimant bateriją reikia išardyti gaminio korpusą, atjungti elektros kabelius / kontaktus ir atsargiai išimti baterijos 
elementą. Jei jums reikia kvalifikuotiems specialistams skirtų instrukcijų kaip saugiai pašalinti akumuliatorių, prašome 
apsilankyti http://www.lge.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling
59

--- Page 60 ---
LATVIEŠU
• Nederīgo bateriju un akumulatoru izņemšana (TIKAI produktiem ar iebūvētu akumulatoru)
Ja šim produktam ir akumulators, kas iebūvēts produktā tā, ka gala lietotājs to nevar vienkārši izņemt, LG iesaka 
akumulatora izņemšanu nomaiņas vai pārstrādes nolūkos produkta dzīves cikla beigās uzticēt tikai kvalificētiem 
speciālistiem. Lai nenodarītu kaitējumu produktam un pasargātu sevi, lietotājiem nevajadzētu mēģināt izņemt 
akumulatoru un vajadzētu konsultēties ar LG palīdzības dienestu vai kādu neatkarīgu pakalpojumu sniedzēju.
Izņemot akumulatoru, nepieciešams demontēt produkta pārsegu, atvienot elektriskos kabeļus/savienojumus un 
uzmanīgi izņemt akumulatora elementu. Ja jums nepieciešamas kvalificētiem speciālistiem paredzētās norādes par 
akumulatora drošu izņemšanu, dodieties uz http://www.lge.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling
SLOVENŠČINA
•
Odstranjevanje odpadnih baterij in akumulatorjev (SAMO izdelki z vgrajeno baterijo)
Če izdelek vsebuje v izdelek vgrajene baterije in jih končni uporabnik ne more zlahka odstraniti, vam LG priporoča, da 
poiščete pomoč usposobljenega strokovnjaka, bodisi za zamenjavo baterije ali za recikliranje ob koncu delovne dobe 
tega izdelka. Za preprečevanje poškodb na izdelku in varnost uporabnika, ne odstranjujte baterij sami, ampak si poiščite 
pomoč servisa LG Service Helpline, ali drugega neodvisnega servisa, ki nudi takšne storitve.
Odstranitev baterije bo vključevala razstavljanje ohišja izdelka, odklop električnih kablov/kontaktov in previdno 
odstranitev baterijske celice. Če potrebujete navodila za kvalificirane strokovnjake o tem, kako varno odstraniti baterijo, 
obiščite spletno stran http://www.lge.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling
SRPSKI
•
Uklanjanje starih istrošenih baterija i akumulatora (JEDINO proizvod sa ugrađenom baterijom)
U slučaju da ovaj proizvod sadrži bateriju koju krajnji korisnik ne može jednostavno da izvadi, LG preporučuje da to 
uradi samo kvalifikovana osoba, bilo da se radi o zameni ili recikliranju baterije nakon što se istroši. Kako bi se sprečio 
nastanak bilo kakvog oštećenja na proizvodu, a i zbog svoje lične sigurnosti, korisnici nikako ne treba da pokušavaju da 
sami izvade bateriju, već treba da pozovu LG pomoćni servis ili nekog drugog nezavisnog provajdera za savet.
Uklanjanje baterije ce uključivati rastavljanje kucišta proizvoda, odspajanje električnih kablova/kontakta i pažljivo 
vađenje baterijske ćelije. Ako Vam je potrebna pomoć kvalifikovane osobe da biste videli kako se to radi, molimo Vas da 
pogledate veb stranicu http://www.lge.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling
HRVATSKI
•
Uklanjanje potrošenih baterija/akumulatora (SAMO uređaji s ugrađenim baterijama/akumulatorima)
U slučaju kada uređaj sadrži ugrađenu bateriju/akumulator unutar proizvoda koju ne može izvaditi krajni korisnik, LG 
preproučuje neka bateriju/akumulator izvadi samo kvalificirano osoblje, bilo radi zamjene ili recikliranja na kraju vijeka 
trajanja proizvoda. Radi sprječavanja oštećenja proizvoda i radi vlastite sigurnosti, korisnici ne smiju pokušavati izvaditi 
bateriju/akumulator i trebaju kontaktirati telefonsku liniju za pomoć LG servisa ili druge nezavisne pružatelje servisa i 
zatražiti savjet.
Uklanjanje baterije uključuje rastavljanje kućišta proizvoda, odspajanje električnih kabela/priključaka i pažljivo izvlačenje 
baterijske ćelije. Ako trebate upute kvalificiranih profesionalaca kako izvaditi bateriju na siguran način, molimo posjetite 
http://www.lge.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling
МAKEДOHCKИ
•
Отстранување на потрошените батерии и акумулатори (САМО производи со вградена батерија)
Доколку производот содржи батерија што е вградена во производот и што не можат крајните корисници да 
ја отстранат, LG препорачува батеријата да ја отстранат само квалификувани професионални лица, било да е 
за менување или за рециклирање по истекот на животниот век на производот. За да спречат оштетувања на 
производот и поради нивна сопствена безбедност, корисниците не треба да се обидуваат да ја отстрануваат 
батеријата и треба да ја контактираат линијата за помош при услуги на LG или други независни испорачувачи на 
услуги.
60

--- Page 61 ---
Отстранувањето на батеријата ќе вклучи расклопување на куќиштето на производот, исклучување на 
електричните кабли/контакти и внимателно извлекување на батериската ќелија. Доколку ви се потребни 
инструкциите за квалификувани професионални лица за тоа како да ја отстраните батеријата безбедно, посетете 
ја веб-страницата http://www.lge.com/global/sustainability/environment/take-back-recycling
Product Specifications
PC Specifications
Display 17 inch  IPS LCD or Touch LCD
• The display resolution may differ by model.
CPU Intel®Core™  Ultra 7 / 5  processor
• The CPU differs depending on model type and cannot be replaced by the user.
GPU Intel®Arc™  Graphics
• When processing large graphic data, it utilizes dynamically allocated system memory. The 
size of the allocated memory depends on the system memory size.
System Memory LPDDR5x  Onboard Memory
• Memory of 3 GB or more is supported only in a 64-bit O/S.
•
Memory size may differ depending on the model. The user must not arbitrarily replace or 
add the memory.
Storage Device NVMe™-type SSD (M.2 2280)
• Storage device format and capacity may differ depending on the model.
Bluetooth Bluetooth 5.4
• If you connect to Bluetooth device and wireless LAN at the same time, the system may be
come slow.
•
In order to use Bluetooth 5.4, the device you want to connect to should support Bluetooth 
5.4.
Wireless LAN Intel®  BE201D2W
Webcam FHD  Webcam
LAN 10/100 Megabit  or Gigabit
• To use a wired LAN, you need to have a LAN adapter installed separately.
•
The performance of the provided adapter depends on the model.
61

--- Page 62 ---
Product Weight Approx. 2.98 lbs  (Non-Touch model, including battery) / Approx. 3.12 lbs  (Touch model, includ
ing battery)
• Weight varies by configuration and manufacturing process.
The product dimensions and specifications differ by model type and cannot be replaced by the user.
Power Supply and Environments
Adapter (Free Voltage) Power Rating: Up to 65.0 W
Input: AC 100 V  to 240 V, 1.6 A  50 / 60 Hz
Output: DC 5.0 V, 3.0 A / 9.0 V, 3.0 A / 15.0 V, 3.0 A / 20.0 V, 3.25 A
Battery Lithium Ion battery
Charging Hours: 3.0 hours
Charging hours may be longer if the battery is not used for a long time or the 
system is on.
When temperature is outside the operating temperature specification, the bat
tery may not be charged or charging hours may be longer.
Operating temperature may be different from the actual room temperature.
Operating and Storage Conditions Operating Temperature: 50 °F  to 95 °F
Operating Humidity: 20 % RH  to 80 % RH
Storage Temperature: 23 °F  to 104 °F
Storage Humidity: 5 % RH  to 90 % RH
Power Consumption
Power consumption of this product during operation standby, sleep mode, and manual off modes may differ depending 
on the product specifications and the adapter type. Even when the system is turned off, it consumes a minute amount of 
power, if supplied. To cut off the power supply completely, disconnect the power cord from the power outlet.
To deactivate the Wireless network connection(ports) completely, shut down the system (select the Start button [ ] > 
[Power] > [Shut down]). When you turn on the system (by pressing the power button), it connects to the Wireless network 
connection(ports) again.
Limited Warranty
THE PRODUCT’S FULL LIMITED WARRANTY TERMS AND CONDITIONS ARE AVAILABLE AT HTTPS://WWW.LG.COM  AND/
OR YOUR WARRANTY.
ARBITRATION NOTICE:  THIS LIMITED WARRANTY CONTAINS AN ARBITRATION PROVISION THAT REQUIRES YOU 
AND LG ELECTRONICS (“LG”) TO RESOLVE DISPUTES BY BINDING ARBITRATION INSTEAD OF IN COURT, UNLESS YOU 
CHOOSE TO OPT OUT. IN ARBITRATION, CLASS ACTIONS AND JURY TRIALS ARE NOT PERMITTED. PLEASE SEE THE 
SECTION TITLED “PROCEDURE FOR RESOLVING DISPUTES” BELOW.
PROCEDURE FOR RESOLVING DISPUTES:
62

--- Page 63 ---
ALL DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND LG ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THIS LIMITED WARRANTY 
OR THE PRODUCT SHALL BE RESOLVED EXCLUSIVELY THROUGH BINDING ARBITRATION, AND NOT IN A COURT OF 
GENERAL JURISDICTION. BINDING ARBITRATION MEANS THAT YOU AND LG ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A JURY 
TRIAL AND TO BRING OR PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.
Definitions.  For the purposes of this section, references to “LG” mean LG Electronics U.S.A., Inc., its parents, subsidiaries 
and affiliates, and each of their officers, directors, employees, agents, beneficiaries, predecessors in interest, successors, 
assigns and suppliers; references to “dispute” or “claim” shall include any dispute, claim or controversy of any kind 
whatsoever (whether based in contract, tort, statute, regulation, ordinance, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal or 
equitable theory) arising out of or relating in any way to the sale, condition or performance of the product or this Limited 
Warranty.
Notice of Dispute.  In the event you intend to commence an arbitration proceeding, you must first notify LG in writing 
at least 30 days in advance of initiating the arbitration by sending a letter to LG at LG Electronics, USA, Inc. Attn: Legal 
Department- Arbitration 111 Sylvan Avenue, Englewood Cliffs, NJ 07632. You and LG agree to engage in good faith 
discussions in an attempt to amicably resolve your claim. The notice must provide your name, address, and telephone 
number; identify the product that is the subject of the claim; and describe the nature of the claim and the relief being 
sought. If you and LG are unable to resolve the dispute within 30 days, either party may proceed to file a claim for 
arbitration.
Agreement to Binding Arbitration and Class Action Waiver.  Upon failure to resolve the dispute during the 30 day period 
after sending written notice to LG, you and LG agree to resolve any claims between us only by binding arbitration on 
an individual basis, unless you opt out as provided below. Any dispute between you and LG shall not be combined or 
consolidated with a dispute involving any other person’s or entity’s product or claim. More specifically, without limitation 
of the foregoing, any dispute between you and LG shall not under any circumstances proceed as part of a class or 
representative action. Instead of arbitration, either party may bring an individual action in small claims court, but that 
small claims court action may not be brought on a class or representative basis.
Arbitration Rules and Procedures.  To begin arbitration of a claim, either you or LG must make a written demand for 
arbitration. The arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) and will be conducted 
before a single arbitrator under the AAA’s Consumer Arbitration Rules that are in effect at the time the arbitration is 
initiated (referred to as the “AAA Rules”) and under the procedures set forth in this section. The AAA Rules are available 
online at www.adr.org/consumer. Send a copy of your written demand for arbitration, as well as a copy of this provision, 
to the AAA in the manner described in the AAA Rules. You must also send a copy of your written demand to LG at LG 
Electronics, USA, Inc. Attn: Legal Department- Arbitration 111 Sylvan Avenue, Englewood Cliffs, NJ 07632. If there is a 
conflict between the AAA Rules and the rules set forth in this section, the rules set forth in this section will govern. This 
arbitration provision is governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator’s award in any 
court of competent jurisdiction. All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except that issues relating to the scope and 
enforceability of the arbitration provision and to the arbitrability of the dispute are for the court to decide. The arbitrator 
is bound by the terms of this provision.
Governing Law.  The law of the state of your residence shall govern this Limited Warranty and any disputes between us 
except to the extent that such law is preempted by or inconsistent with applicable federal law.
Fees/Costs.  You do not need to pay any fee to begin an arbitration. Upon receipt of your written demand for arbitration, 
LG will promptly pay all arbitration filing fees to the AAA unless you seek more than $25,000 in damages, in which case 
the payment of these fees will be governed by the AAA Rules. Except as otherwise provided for herein, LG will pay all 
AAA filing, administration and arbitrator fees for any arbitration initiated in accordance with the AAA Rules and this 
arbitration provision. If you prevail in the arbitration, LG will pay your attorneys’ fees and expenses as long as they are 
reasonable, by considering factors including, but not limited to, the purchase amount and claim amount. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, if applicable law allows for an award of reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses, an arbitrator can award 
them to the same extent that a court would. If the arbitrator finds either the substance of your claim or the relief sought 
in the demand is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of 
Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all arbitration fees will be governed by the AAA Rules. In such a situation, you 
agree to reimburse LG for all monies previously disbursed by it that are otherwise your obligation to pay under the AAA 
Rules. Except as otherwise provided for, LG waives any rights it may have to seek attorneys’ fees and expenses from you if 
LG prevails in the arbitration.
63

--- Page 64 ---
Hearings and Location.  If your claim is for $25,000 or less, you may choose to have the arbitration conducted solely on 
the basis of (1) documents submitted to the arbitrator, (2) through a telephonic hearing, or (3) by an in-person hearing as 
established by the AAA Rules. If your claim exceeds $25,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules. 
Any in-person arbitration hearings will be held at a location within the federal judicial district in which you reside unless we 
both agree to another location or we agree to a telephonic arbitration.
Opt Out. . You may opt out of this dispute resolution procedure. If you opt out, neither you nor LG can require the other 
to participate in an arbitration proceeding. To opt out, you must send notice to LG no later than 30 calendar days from the 
date of the first consumer purchaser’s purchase of the product by either: (i) sending an e-mail to optout@lge.com, with 
the subject line: “Arbitration Opt Out” or (ii) calling 1- 800-980-2973. You must include in the opt out e-mail or provide 
by telephone: (a) your name and address; (b) the date on which the product was purchased; (c) the product model name 
or model number; and (d) the serial number (the serial number can be found (i) on the product; or (ii) online by accessing 
https://www.lg.com/us/support  and clicking on “How do I find my model number?”).
You may only opt out of the dispute resolution procedure in the manner described above (that is, by e-mail or telephone); 
no other form of notice will be effective to opt out of this dispute resolution procedure.
Opting out of this dispute resolution procedure will not affect the coverage of the Limited Warranty in any way, and you 
will continue to enjoy the full benefits of the Limited Warranty. If you keep this product and do not opt out, then you 
accept all terms and conditions of the arbitration provision described above.
64

--- Page 65 ---
Using Windows 11
Starting
Windows 11  Screen Layout
The taskbar in Windows 11  has been changed so you can use Windows  quickly and easily.
1.
Widget:  It displays weather and news in the form of widgets.
2.
Start Button:  It can run apps installed on your PC or use user accounts, power menu, etc.
3.
Search:  It can use apps, documents, and web search functions.
4.
Task View:  It can show and switch running apps or add/switch a new desktop.
5.
Copilot:  It uses the AI function to provide answers to various questions.
6.
File Explorer:  File Explorer will run.
7.
Microsoft Edge:  Microsoft Edge  will run.
8.
Microsoft Store:  Microsoft Store  will run.
9.
Quick Settings:  It displays network, sound, and battery status, and enables you to easily change PC settings.
10.
Notifications:  It allows you to check notifications related to time or calendar, as well as system, and set Do Not 
Disturb and Focus sessions.
Start Screen
If you select the Start button [ ] on the taskbar, the Start screen will appear.
65

--- Page 66 ---
Tip:
Press the [ ] key or [Ctrl] + [Esc] on the keyboard to display the Start screen.
1. All apps:  It shows all the apps installed on your PC.
2. Apps pinned on the Start screen:  It shows the apps pinned on the Start screen.
3. Recommended:  It displays the recommended apps.
4. User Account:  Displays the current user's information. You can use functions such as Change Account Settings, 
Lock or Sign out.
5. Power:  Sign-in options, Sleep, Shut down, and Restart menus are available.
Tip:
• Press [ ] + [X] keys, and then the pop-up menu of the Start button [ ] appears. You can use the pop-up 
menu to easily access the shortcuts such as Windows Explorer, Search, System Shutdown, and Desktop.
Desktop Apps and Windows Apps
The Desktop apps remain unchanged from the previous Windows apps, but Windows apps have been changed to include 
various functions.
The Windows apps provide easy-to-use menus according to the window size and a variety of convenient functions such as 
Update and Alarm.
Using Apps
Running and Exiting Apps
Run apps that were not pinned to the Start screen or apps that were installed on the system using the following method.
66

--- Page 67 ---
1. Select the Start button [ ] > [All apps].
Tip:
Press the [ ] key or [Ctrl] + [Esc] on the keyboard to display the Start screen.
2. Select and run an app.
3. To close the app, select the Close button [ ] at the top of the app screen.
Deleting Apps
It can delete apps pinned to the Start Screen or delete desired apps in [All apps].
67

--- Page 68 ---
Tip:
The basic Windows apps that are required may not be deleted.
The desktop app can be deleted by pressing the Start button [ ] > [Settings] > [Apps] > [Installed apps].
1. Select the Start button [ ] and right-click the app you want to delete from the Start screen or [All apps]  to 
select [Uninstall].
Tip:
Press the [ ] key or [Ctrl] + [Esc] on the keyboard to display the Start screen.
2. When prompted to confirm the deletion, select [Uninstall]  to delete the app.
Adding Apps to Start Screen/Taskbar
You can add frequently used apps on the Start screen and taskbar for easy and quick access.
1. Select the Start button [ ] > [All apps].
Tip:
Press the [ ] key or [Ctrl] + [Esc] on the keyboard to display the Start screen.
68

--- Page 69 ---
2. Right-click the app you want to add and then click [Pin to Start]  or [More]  > [Pin to taskbar].
69

--- Page 70 ---
3. The app is added to the Start Screen or taskbar.
Toggling and Adding Apps/Desktops
In Windows 11, you can toggle the running apps easily and quickly, and add desktops to use them like multiple PCs.
Tip:
For an app that does not allow multitasking, you may be switched to the desktop where the app was executed, or 
you may have an error message.
1. If you select [ ] on the taskbar, running apps and desktops are displayed as previews.
Tip:
If you select the Close button [ ] of the app displayed as preview, you can close the app.
70

--- Page 71 ---
2. Select [New desktop]  to create [Desktop 2].
Tip:
In the desktop preview, press the Close button [ ] to delete the desktop and move running apps to 
another desktop.
3. Select an app in the preview or desktop.
71

--- Page 72 ---
4. The screen is toggled to the selected app or desktop.
Using Shortcut Keys
Use the shortcut keys to quickly toggle between apps and desktops.
Shortcut Keys Description
[Alt] + [Tab] Hold down the [Alt] key and press the [Tab] key to view the running apps in the preview.
Press [Tab] repeatedly to select the app you wish to switch to and then release the [Alt] 
key.
[Alt] + [Ctrl] + [Tab] The running apps on the screen are displayed in the preview.
Select and switch to an app.
[ ] + [Tab]
If the desktop toggling screen appears, select an app or desktop you wish to switch to.
Using the Store
You can purchase a variety of apps or get free apps from Microsoft Store.
Tip:
If a local account is being used, a window to switch to a Microsoft  account appears while using Windows Store. 
Follow the instructions on the screen to switch the local account to a Microsoft  account.
You can also switch to Microsoft  account by selecting Start button [ ] > [User Account] > [Change account 
settings].
72

--- Page 73 ---
If you switch to a Microsoft  account, your PC settings (background, user settings, etc.) may be changed to the 
previous settings.
1. Select [ ] on the taskbar to run [Microsoft Store].
2. Select the app or use the search function on the store screen to install the desired app when the [Microsoft Store] 
screen appears.
Unlocking the Screen
If the PC is not used for an extended period, it goes into a locked state.
When the PC is used again, a lock screen appears for security purposes and may be unlocked by using the following 
method.
1. Press any key in the keyboard or left-click the mouse on the lock screen.
2. If the login screen appears, enter the password.
73

--- Page 74 ---
(If no password is set, the screen will be released when you select the login.)
Setting the PC
Windows 11  supports various functions so that the user can change the PC setting easily and quickly.
Using the Setting  Menu
1. Select the Start button [ ] > [Settings].
74

--- Page 75 ---
2. When the Settings  screen appears, select and change the settings as needed.
Using the Quick Settings
Quick Settings  allows users to change the PC settings quickly and easily.
1. Select [Quick Settings]  on the right side of the taskbar.
2.
Select the desired setting from [Quick Settings]  and change.
75

--- Page 76 ---
Tip:
Select the [ ] icon to run the [Settings]  menu.
Windows Shutdown Option
In Windows 11, you can use the Windows shutdown option by following these steps:
76

--- Page 77 ---
1. Select the Start button [ ] > [Power] and select the desired Windows shutdown option.
Tip:
Press the [ ] key or [Ctrl] + [Esc] on the keyboard to display the Start screen.
Tip:
On the Desktop screen, press [Alt] + [F4] to use the Windows shutdown option.
(Pressing [Alt] + [F4] on a running app may end the app.)
77

--- Page 78 ---
Using the PC
Product Tour
The actual product may differ in shape and color from the product images included in this LG Easy Guide.
Front
1.
Webcam
2.
Webcam Operation Status Lamp
3.
Built-in Microphone
4.
Keyboard
5.
Touchpad
6.
Power Button [ ] (Fingerprint Sensor)
Option:
Fingerprint Sensor: Only applies to products with the fingerprint recognition function.
78

--- Page 79 ---
Left
Right
1.
HDMI Port
2.
USB-C®  Port (USB 4.0 Gen 3x2/Thunderbolt™/Can connect to a LAN adapter/Power Port)
3.
Headphone Port (4-pole Ear Microphone Port)
4.
Built-in Speakers
5.
microSD Card Slot
6.
USB Port (USB 3.2 Gen 2x1)
7.
Security Keyhole (Kensington Security Slot)
Tip:
• Depending on the specifications of the device connected to the USB-C®  port, it acts as a USB or 
Thunderbolt™  port.
The USB-C®  port provides Quick Charging and Always-On Charging functions for devices that support USB PD 
(Power Delivery).
•
Devices that are not authorized with USB may not operate normally when connected to the USB port.
The transmission speed of a USB port may differ depending on the type of storage device (NVMe™, SSD, HDD, 
etc.) in the system and the connected USB device.
The name of the USB version has been changed from USB 3.1 (or USB 3.1 Gen 2) to USB 3.2 Gen 2x1.
•
The 4-pole ear microphone port supports US type 4-pole standards and the European 4-pole ear microphone 
may not work properly.
When using ear microphone (or Bluetooth headset), audio input and output are directed to the connected 
device and the microphone and speaker on PC do not work.
The 4-pole ear microphone port does not support external microphone.
79

--- Page 80 ---
Battery Charge
Connect the adapter to power and charge the product.
Tip:
The power cable and the adapter type may differ per model type and country and there is no difference in 
functionality.
This product has a built-in battery pack. After purchasing your PC, be sure to charge the battery pack completely 
before using it for the first time.
The internal battery should not be arbitrarily disassembled or replaced. Arbitrarily disassembling the product may 
void the warranty.
If you need to disassemble or replace the battery, please contact the designated Call Center.
We charge a fee for removing or replacing the battery.
Charging a Battery
The adapter can be used from 100 V  to 240 V.
1. Connect the power cable to the adapter main body, and connect the adapter to the power outlet.
2.
Connect the power cable to the USB-C®  port of the PC.
 USB-C®  port
3.
Check the Adapter power lamp.
80

--- Page 81 ---
•
On: When the adapter is connected and charging is complete
•
Blinking: When the adapter is connected and is charging
•
Off: When the adapter is not connected
If you try to turn on the system that has entered the Hibernate mode or been turned off after a low-battery 
alarm, the system will not be turned on but the lamp will blink three times. If this is the case, connect the 
adapter and charge the battery sufficiently before using it.
!
Caution:
Do not leave a liquid container on the PC.
• The system may be short-circuited and damaged.
Use batteries certified and acknowledged by LG Electronics Inc.
•
Uncertified batteries may explode.
!
Warning:
Please use an adapter certified by LG Electronics Inc.
• Uncertified batteries may explode.
•
It may cause a problem in battery charging or system operation.
When you use an adapter, follow the below directions.
•
140 °F  or more high-humidity spaces, for example, inside cars or saunas, should be avoided when you use or 
store it.
•
Do not disassemble or modify the adapter.
• Do not twist the adapter plug.
•
When you connect the adapter, do not forcefully push the plug.
81

--- Page 82 ---
!
The battery may explode due to excessive heat, causing fire. For a safe and efficient use of battery, follow the 
below directions.
• Do not short-circuit the battery.
•
Keep the battery out of reach of children.
•
A visible swelling of the battery pack indicates a possible danger. When this occurs, contact your local vendor 
or call center immediately.
•
Use only a certified and designated recharger.
• Keep the battery pack away from heat. (Never put it in a microwave.)
•
Do not leave inside a car under the summer heat.
•
Do not leave or use at a hot and humid place like a sauna.
• Do not use the machine placed on a heating blanket or other heat reserving materials.
•
Do not leave the machine turned on inside a closed space.
•
Make sure that the battery ports are not touched by any metallic objects like a key, coin, necklace, and watch.
•
Use only a lithium secondary battery certified and guaranteed by mobile device manufactures.
•
Do not disassemble or modify the battery. Do not compress or pierce the battery.
•
Do not apply shock to the battery. For example, do not drop the battery from a high place.
•
Keep the room temperature between 23 °F  and 104 °F. Do not expose the PC to heat hotter than 140 °F.
•
Keep the machine dry.
•
Do not discard the battery arbitrarily as you are requested to follow the local procedure for discarding the 
battery.
•
Before using this machine, read this guide carefully.
Tip:
When the PC is not to be used for a long period of time, refer to the following:
• Check the battery charge level on a regular basis and keep it at 50 %. This allows you to extend the battery 
life.
•
If the battery is left fully charged for an extended period of time, the battery capacity and battery running 
time may be reduced.
•
If the battery is left fully discharged for an extended period of time, it may become over-discharged and 
cannot be charged again.
For more efficient use of the battery, read the following carefully.
•
The battery runs low naturally even if it is kept unused.
•
To increase battery lifespan, use the battery for a while before charging it rather than keeping the battery 
completely charged.
•
If you don't use the product for a long time with the battery completely discharged, the battery lifespan may 
decrease.
The battery capacity may change due to chemical reactions during charge and discharge.
82

--- Page 83 ---
• LG Notebook frequently checks the charge level of its battery based on usage conditions, and then calculates 
and correctly indicates the actual remaining level of the battery.
•
The battery is wearable goods and thus the life span may become shorter with use. The battery running time 
may also become shorter accordingly.
•
When the battery is fully charged, the machine stops recharging. It resumes recharging when the battery 
charge rate drops below 95 %. This feature secures the safe and efficient use of the battery.
•
When the temperature of the battery drops below 50 °F, it is charged in a low current to protect the battery 
cells. In this case, charging time may stretch to up to 32 hours.
If you use the system at a low temperature, refer to the following:
•
The battery capacity may be reduced depending on the chemical characteristics of the battery and the system 
may not be turned on after it freezes or it is turned off.
•
If the system freezes or if it is not turned on, connect the adapter to the system and charge the battery fully 
before use.
•
If there is any error in the indication of the battery capacity, charge and discharge the battery two or three 
times at room temperature to return to the normal operation.
Operation Status Lamps
1.
Adapter power Lamp
• On: When the adapter is connected and charging is complete
•
Blinking: When the adapter is connected and is charging
83

--- Page 84 ---
• Off: When the adapter is not connected
If you try to turn on the system that has entered the Hibernate mode or been turned off after a low-battery 
alarm, the system will not be turned on but the lamp will blink three times. If this is the case, connect the 
adapter and charge the battery sufficiently before using it.
2. Caps Lock  Lamp
• On: When the Caps Lock  is activated
•
Off: When the Caps Lock  is deactivated
3.
Power Lamp
• On: When the system is on and running by the adapter or battery
•
Off: When the system is turned off or in Hibernate mode
•
Blinking: When the system is in the standby mode
4.
Webcam Operation Status Lamp
• On: When the webcam is operating
•
Off: When the webcam is not operating
Keyboard
The keyboard allows the user to input data or give commands.
The keyboard may differ in appearance and color depending on your country.
Copilot key feature availability varies by market, see aka.ms/KeySupport
!
Caution:
• Spilling a watery substance like coffee or juice on the keyboard may cause a fault, malfunction, or electric 
shock.
•
Some of the keys may not work properly when you use several keys at the same time while playing a PC game.
•
Please change the key combination settings according to the combinations necessary for the game play or use 
an external keyboard dedicated for gameplay.
Using Hot Keys
Hot Keys are shortcut keys that can run some functions and software of the PC, and using them allows you to use the PC 
more easily.
Fn + F1 Run My gram
Fn + F2 Adjusts screen brightness (brightness decreases in 11 levels).
Fn + F3 Adjusts screen brightness (brightness increases in 11 levels).
Fn + F4 Run Windows Security
84

--- Page 85 ---
Fn + F5 Switches to using the Touchpad Mode
• Each time you press the [Fn] + [F5] keys, the mode switches between Touchpad Off  (touch
pad disabled) and Touchpad On  (touchpad enabled).
•
To set Touchpad Auto  (disables automatic use of touchpad when inserting an external USB 
mouse), select the Start button [ ] > [Settings]  > [Bluetooth & devices]  > [Touchpad] 
and uncheck [Leave touchpad on when a mouse is connected]  in [Touchpad].
Each time you press the [Fn] + [F5] keys, the mode switches between Touchpad Off  and 
Touchpad Auto.
Since it takes about 1 to 2 seconds to initialize after switching to the touchpad function, we 
recommend you to use the device after initialization is completed.
Fn + F6 Airplane Mode ON/OFF (Wireless LAN and Bluetooth OFF/ON)
Fn + F7 Switches to the monitor (projector).
Fn + F8 Switch to the Keyboard Backlight  Mode.
Fn + F9 Switches to the Reader Mode.
Fn + F10 Mute
Fn + F11 Adjust the volume (lower)
Fn + F12 Adjust the volume (louder)
Fn + Prt Sc Works as the Scroll Lock [Scr Lk] key.
Fn + PgUp Works as the [Home] key.
Fn + PgDn Works as the [End] key.
Fn + Q Switches to Cooling Mode
• Each time you press the [Fn] + [Q] keys, the mode switches between High Performance 
Mode, Auto Mode, Silent Mode, Low Noise Mode and Normal Mode.
Fn + A Run Capture Tool
Fn + S Switches to the Sleep Mode
• Runs in the mode set in Windows. (Example: Sleep Mode, Hibernate Mode)
Fn + L Switches to PC Cleaning Mode
Fn + Space bar Run gram chat On-Device
85

--- Page 86 ---
• It is not run in a model whose system memory is configured below 16 GB.
Fn + 
Works as the [Pop-up Window] key.
Tip:
While pressing and holding the [Fn] key or [ ] key, the shortcut guide is displayed on the screen. You can press 
each key and use the function immediately.
• Fn Key Shortcut Guide
•  Key Shortcut Guide
Keyboard Backlight
You can use the Keyboard Backlight  function to use the product in a dark environment.
• Press the [Fn] + [F8] keys on the keyboard and use Keyboard Backlight.
The status changes in the following order: KBD Backlight Off, KBD Backlight Low, and KBD Backlight High.
Option:
This only applies to the products that have the Keyboard Backlight  function.
86

--- Page 87 ---
Setting
You can set the Keyboard Backlight and off time on My gram.
1. Select the Start button [ ] > [All apps]  and run [My gram].
2.
Select [PC Maintenance] > [Keyboard & Pen] to set the keyboard backlight.
Adjusting Screen Brightness and Volume
LG PC allows you to use the hot keys to easily adjust the screen brightness and volume.
Tip:
According to the model type, a button for volume control (mute, volume up/down, Dolby, etc.) may be available.
Function Hot Keys Description
Screen 
Brightness
[Fn] + [F2], [F3] Press the [Fn] + [F2] keys to darken the screen and the [Fn] + [F3] keys 
to brighten the screen.
The screen brightness adjustment bar in [Quick Settings]  on the right 
side of the taskbar allows you to adjust the system brightness.
87

--- Page 88 ---
Volume [Fn] + [F11], [F12] Press the [Fn] + [F11] to lower the volume and [Fn] + [F12] to increase 
the volume.
The volume adjustment bar in [Quick Settings]  on the right side of the 
taskbar allows you to adjust the volume.
Mute [Fn] + [F10] Whenever you press [Fn] + [F10], it operates as mute/unmute.
If you select the [ ] icon in [Quick Settings]  on the right side of the 
taskbar, you can enable or disable the mute function.
Hearing Protection Feature
The product is equipped with a hearing protection feature to protect your ears from pressurized sound while using 
earphones or headphones.
The feature is set to off by default and can be manually turned on as follows:
Tip:
The hearing protection feature is supported to an earphone/headphone connected to the headphone port  only.
1. Select the Start button [ ] > [All apps]  > [Realtek Audio Console].
2. Connect an earphone or headphone and select the [Headphones] menu.
88

--- Page 89 ---
3. Set [Ear Protection]  to [On] to activate the hearing protection feature.
Tip:
A warning message will be displayed if the volume is high while this feature is on.
Using the Touchpad
The built-in touchpad provides the same functionality as an external mouse. You can use the touchpad and USB mouse 
simultaneously.
89

--- Page 90 ---
1. Touchpad
• Moves the cursor.
2.
Left button
• Use to select or execute programs.
3.
Right button
• Functions as the right button of a mouse in most cases. However, the usage may differ depending on programs.
Tip:
The scroll function is provided as a gesture. Please refer to the Touchpad Gesture section of this document.
Precautions for Using the Touchpad
• If you are using a touchpad, use the area marked with a red line shown below. Touching an edge or border of 
the touchpad may not work. (The functioning touch area may differ depending on the product.)
Moving the Cursor (Pointer) on the Screen
Place a finger on the touchpad and glide the finger.
90

--- Page 91 ---
Click (Select)
Press and release the left button swiftly with a finger. (Or tap the touchpad once.)
Do this, for example, to select a menu or icon and to place the cursor to type on a word processor file.
Double-click (Execute)
Press the left button twice consecutively and release the button. (Or tap the touchpad twice.)
Do this, for example, to run a program after selecting its execution file (or icon).
!
Caution:
Notes on Using the Touchpad
• Do not use a sharp object such as a pen on the pad nor peel the cover. It may cause an impairment.
•
Do not place more than one finger, and do not use while wearing a glove or when the hand is wet. The 
Touchpad will not work properly. Oil or dirt at the fingertip can also cause an impairment.
•
The touchpad is sensitive. Do not impose excessive force or maintain an uncomfortable position. Otherwise, it 
may result in a finger or wrist injury.
Right button
Press and release the right button swiftly.
Functions as the right button of a mouse, but the usage may differ depending on programs.
91

--- Page 92 ---
Drag & Drop
To drag, click and hold an icon, and move it to another location.
To drop, release the dragged icon in the location you want.
To move a file icon to another folder or to Recycle Bin, place the cursor (or the pointer) on the icon, press and hold 
the left button, and glide another finger on the touchpad until the icon reaches the aimed location. After reaching the 
destination, release the left button.
1.
Drag
• Glide one finger on the pad with another finger pressing and holding the left button.
2.
Drop
• Release the left button to drop it into the Recycle Bin. (By using this, you can drop a file into the Recycle Bin  at 
will.)
ClickLock
When activated, this feature allows you to drag/scroll without pressing and holding the left button.
1. Select the Start button [ ] > [Settings].
Tip:
Press the [ ] key or [Ctrl] + [Esc] on the keyboard to display the Start screen.
92

--- Page 93 ---
2. Select [Bluetooth & devices]  > [Mouse]  > [Additional mouse settings].
3. Check [Turn on ClickLock]  and select [Settings].
4. Set the duration of ClickLock operation.
93

--- Page 94 ---
5. Press the left button of the touchpad and release it to change the button into the pressed state.
6. Move on the touchpad to use the drag/scroll feature.
7. Press the left mouse button to turn off the ClickLock.
Touchpad Gesture
The touchpad gesture feature allows you to use Windows programs more easily by utilizing multi-touch functions.
Windows 11 Touchpad Gestures allow you to use the PC more easily.
The touchpad gesture feature may not be supported in some models.
•
Place two fingers on the touchpad and move up/down/left/right to scroll the screen.
(It operates only on an app or screen which scrolling is available.)
•
Place two fingers on the touchpad and widen or narrow them to zoom out or in.
94

--- Page 95 ---
Setting Touchpad
You can change the touchpad features or enable/disable the gesture feature.
1. Select the Start button [ ] > [Settings].
Tip:
Press the [ ] key or [Ctrl] + [Esc] on the keyboard to display the Start screen.
2. Select the [Bluetooth & devices]  > [Touchpad].
3. Change the settings as needed on the [Touchpad]  item.
95

--- Page 96 ---
Using Touch Screen
Use the touch screen for a faster and more convenient use of the computer. All gestures provided by Windows 11 can be 
used.
For more details about the Windows 11 gestures, refer to the Windows help.
Option:
This applies only to models equipped with a touch screen.
Basic Usage
1. Touching Once:  Touch the screen once to produce the same effect as clicking the left mouse button.
2.
Touching Twice:  Touch the screen twice to produce the same effect as a double-click.
96

--- Page 97 ---
3. Drag:  After touching the start point, finger movement can be used instead of the mouse.
97

--- Page 98 ---
4. Touching Longer:  Touch the panel for a longer time to use as right mouse button.
Using the Touch Keyboard
1. Right-click on the taskbar, select [Taskbar Settings], and then set [Touch Keyboard] to [Always].
2. Press the icon [ ] on the bottom right of the taskbar to display the [Keyboard] screen.
Connecting to External Display
Connect the external display device through HDMI or the USB-C®  port of the PC to output a PC screen to an external 
display.
98

--- Page 99 ---
In some models, the Dolby Audio function may not work when connecting to an external display.
Tip:
• Connect to the PC while the power of the external display device is turned off.
•
If the external display screen does not appear after connecting to the PC, check Input Mode of the external 
display device.
•
By connecting a display that supports USB-C®  Alternate Mode, you can use the USB-C®  port to output a 
screen to an external display.
Alternate Mode is a mode that uses display outputs such as DP (Display Port) and HDMI through the USB-C® 
port.
•
The USB-C®  port supports the interface with the DP (Display Port) specifications.
!
Caution:
• Use the cable/adapter that fits the USB-C®  specifications and supports Alternate Mode.
•
The USB-C®  cable/adapter for non-LG products may not be connected or cause a problem.
1.
Connect the PC and external display with a cable that fits the external display device.
2.
Turn on the power of the external display device.
99

--- Page 100 ---
3. Press the [Fn] + [F7] (or [ ] + [P]) keys on the keyboard to change Display Mode.
!
Caution:
If you do not set Speaker as the default value after separating the external display connection cable, the system 
may not produce any sound. (If a program was running already, you must exit and restart the program to produce 
sound.)
Connecting to Wireless Display
The wireless display feature connects the PC screen and sound to a display (TV, projector, etc.).
Option:
• To use the wireless display feature, the display device must support this feature.
•
To connect to the display device that does not support wireless display, you must separately purchase a 
wireless display connection device.
•
Once the wireless display connection is established, no additional procedures and searching are necessary the 
next time you try to connect.
Connecting to Wireless Display
1. Select the Start button [ ] > [Settings].
Tip:
Press the [ ] key or [Ctrl] + [Esc] on the keyboard to display the Start screen.
100

--- Page 101 ---
2. Select [Connect] under the [System] > [Display] > [Multiple displays] > [Connect to a wireless display] menu.
3. If the device search screen appears, it will search for nearby wireless display devices.
101

--- Page 102 ---
4. Select an available device and connect the device.
5. Once the wireless display device is connected, it outputs the PC screen and its sound.
Connecting an External USB-C®  (Thunderbolt™) Device
The USB-C®  port mounted on this product supports USB 4.0 Gen 3x2 standards.
You can use the USB-C®  port to connect the USB device.
Connecting a USB Device
If a USB device is connected to a USB-C®  port, the port works as an ordinary USB port.
Tip:
To use a conventional USB device, a separate conversion adapter should be used.
(Conversion adapters may be purchased separately.)
Connecting a Thunderbolt™  Device
You can connect to the USB-C®  port an external display or a high-performance data device that support the 
Thunderbolt™  specifications.
Depending on the specifications of the device connected to the USB-C®  port, it acts as a USB or Thunderbolt™  device.
Tip:
The Thunderbolt™  cable is not provided with the product. Make sure that you use a certified cable.
Some functions may not be available depending on the product. For more information, refer to the user manual 
provided with the device to be connected.
102

--- Page 103 ---
Connecting two notebook PCs that support Thunderbolt™
Use Thunderbolt™  to connect two PCs easily and quickly and send and receive data between them.
1. Select the Start button [ ] > [Settings].
Tip:
Press the [ ] key or [Ctrl] + [Esc] on the keyboard to display the Start screen.
2.
Select [Network & Internet] > [Advanced network settings] > [Advanced sharing settings].
3.
Change the settings as needed on the [Advanced sharing settings]  item.
4.
Use the Thunderbolt™  cable to connect two notebook PCs.
5.
A while later, an icon of the connected computer appears on the desktops of the two notebook PCs.
103

--- Page 104 ---
6. Double-click the connected computer icon to open the authentication screen.
7. Input the user name and password to connect to the other PC.
Tip:
If there is no shared folder in the connected PC, nothing may appear on the screen.
Using USB-C®  (Thunderbolt™) Charging Function
You can connect the USB-C®  device to charge a notebook PC battery or an external device, and the operation mode is 
automatically selected depending the charge settings of the connected device.
• To charge a notebook PC battery, the external device (USB PD Charger, notebook PC, etc.) should support USB Power 
Delivery 10 W (5 V / 2 A) or higher profile.
•
The external devices that use the USB-C®  port support 10 W (5 V / 2 A) and 15 W (5 V / 3 A).
•
A USB device compatible with USB PD (Power Delivery) supports charging at 15 W (5 V / 3 A), whereas a regular USB 
device supports charging at 10 W (5 V / 2 A).
•
USB PD batteries cannot be charged using the USB-C®  port of the notebook PC.
•
Always-On Charging is supported only with USB-C®  ports, but not with the regular USB ports.
•
If you connect an adapter with a lower output than the rated adapter, it may take more time to charge the notebook 
PC.
104

--- Page 105 ---
1. When the connected device is set to Automatic (charging the notebook PC or a connected device. Charging the 
notebook PC by using the mobile phone is not supported.)
2. When the connected device is set to Source (the notebook PC is charged.)
3. When the connected device is set to Sink (the connected device is charged.)
Tip:
The charging status of the external device being charged is not displayed on the notebook PC.
If you connected a smartphone, you should select "Charge mobile phone" on the smartphone screen to charge the 
phone battery.
!
Caution:
If the power consumption of the notebook PC is larger than the power supply from the external device, the 
battery may be consumed gradually.
Bluetooth
Bluetooth  allows the user to access wirelessly various devices such as camera, cell phone, headset, printer, and GPS 
receiver that support Bluetooth. It can also establish a network and exchange data with other Bluetooth-enabled PC or 
smartphone.
105

--- Page 106 ---
For details on connecting a Bluetooth  device, refer to the user manual provided with the Bluetooth  device.
Option:
The Bluetooth device  is optional, and it may not be available in some models.
1. Select the Start button [ ] > [Settings].
Tip:
Press the [ ] key or [Ctrl] + [Esc] on the keyboard to display the Start screen.
2. Select [Bluetooth & devices] > [Add device].
3. Select the Bluetooth  to search for Bluetooth  devices automatically.
106

--- Page 107 ---
4. After selecting the device you want to connect, complete the Bluetooth  connection as guided.
Wired LAN
LAN is the network environment that users can connect to by using a cable to connect to their internet providers or the 
company's network.
Using Wired LAN
LAN is installed with an automatic IP (DHCP) as default value.
Please refer to the following instructions for details on setting up an automatic IP (DHCP) or manual IP.
1.
Connect the LAN adapter to the USB-C®  port on the PC.
Tip:
The recommended network cable for the optimal network environment is CAT5 or higher.
The network (LAN) cable may be connected when the LAN adapter is used.
107

--- Page 108 ---
2. Connect the wired LAN cable to the LAN port.
108

--- Page 109 ---
3. Select the Start button [ ] > [Settings].
Tip:
Press the [ ] key or [Ctrl] + [Esc] on the keyboard to display the Start screen.
109

--- Page 110 ---
4. Select [Edit] in [Network & Internet] > [Ethernet] > [IP assignment].
5. To use an automatic IP (DHCP), select [Automatic]. If you wish to use a static IP, set [Manual] > [IPv4] to [On] and 
enter the necessary item.
Contact the network service provider or administrator to use a static IP.
110

--- Page 111 ---
6. Select [Save] to complete the network setup.
7. Click the Web Browser icon to check whether the internet is operating normally.
Wireless LAN
The wireless network (Wireless LAN) is the network environment that connects a PC with the internet provider or 
company network through an Access Point  (wireless or regular router).
Using the Wireless LAN
If an Access Point  (wired or wireless router) is in the vicinity of the PC, the wireless LAN can easily be accessed.
1. Select [Quick Settings]  on the right side of the taskbar.
Tip:
The displayed icons may differ from the figures herein.
2.
Select Manage Wi-Fi Connections  [ ] to search for near Access Point.
111

--- Page 112 ---
Tip:
When Wi-Fi  is turned off, set [Wi-Fi] to On.
3. Select the Access Point  you want to connect to and press [Connect].
112

--- Page 113 ---
4. If a connection is established, [Connected] appears below the Access Point  name.
5. Click the Web Browser icon to check whether the internet is operating normally.
Tip:
When searching for a wireless LAN, multiple Access Points may be discovered depending on the location of use.
In case no accessible wireless LAN is near the PC, no Access Point  might be found.
A password-protected  Access Point  cannot be accessed without the correct password.
Using the Airplane mode
You can use the Airplane mode to turn off wireless functions such as wireless network and Bluetooth.
113

--- Page 114 ---
• Select [Airplane mode] from [Quick Settings] on the right side of the taskbar to turn on/off the Airplane mode.
Tip:
If you turn on the wireless network or Bluetooth while the Airplane mode is on, the wireless network or Bluetooth 
settings are maintained. If you want to reset the Airplane mode settings, turn off the wireless network and 
Bluetooth in the Airplane mode.
If the wireless network is not in use, it is recommended that you turn on the Airplane mode to reduce the power 
consumption.
Using a Wired/Wireless Router
A wireless/regular router connects several PCs and mobile devices to one internet line and enables the use of internet and 
the network.
A wireless/regular router has to be bought separately. Refer to the manual provided by the manufacturer for instructions.
Connecting a Wireless or Regular Router
If one internet line is used with a wired/wireless router and several devices are connected, this may result in a slower 
connection.
In case of a wireless LAN, it is recommended to change the network name and security settings for a more secure 
connection.
Network speed can differ according to operation environment and specifications.
1.
Connect the internet cable of the modem that was provided by your internet provider to the router's WAN port.
2.
Connect all devices (PC, IPTV, internet phone, etc.) with a LAN cable to LAN ports 1 to 4 of the router.
The number of LAN ports can vary for each router model.
3.
Please refer to the manual provided by the router manufacturer for setup of the network and internet.
114

--- Page 115 ---
microSD Card Slot
Checking Available Memory Card
This model supports microSD  memory cards.
•
Directly applicable memory cards
Mounting and Using Memory Card
This product has one microSD Card Slot.
Check the insertion direction of the memory card and push the microSD  memory in until it is fully seated.
Tip:
• When the memory card is formatted, the data stored in the memory card will be deleted. Check whether there 
are important data before formatting the memory stick.
•
To format a memory card, right-click the memory card drive and select Format. When the Format window 
appears, press Start to continue.
•
If the write protection tab of memory card is locked, the user cannot format the memory stick nor write or 
delete the data.
•
microSD  memory cards can be used only as storage devices and do not support the copyright protection 
feature.
115

--- Page 116 ---
Removing Memory Card
Push the card with your finger to make the card spring out of the slot. Remove the memory card.
Tip:
Safely remove the microSD  card
The figures herein may differ by language selection and are subject to change without prior notice.
• When a pop-up window appears by selecting the [ ] icon on the right side of the taskbar, select Eject to 
safely remove the hardware.
116

--- Page 117 ---
Using Software
My gram
My gram  suggests an optimal environment customized to a user’s PC status, and helps experience various apps provided 
by LG.
• Select the Start button [ ] > [All apps] and run [My gram].
- Press the [Fn] + [F1] keys to start the app easily.
Tip:
The menus and functions displayed in this app may differ depending on the model and app version.
You can re-install the app in LG Update & Renew.
The figures herein are subject to change without prior notice.
117

--- Page 118 ---
Tour
1.
Search
You can search and use various settings.
2.
Home
The user can receive customized settings depending on your PC status, or set main PC functions easily.
Learn more >  (on page 119)
PC Maintenance
The user can easily change and use various PC functions according to his or her needs.
Learn more >  (on page 119)
Customer Support
Notifies you of the apps or convenient functions provided by LG.
Apps
You can run the apps provided by LG directly.
Settings
You can check app information or use the lab.
3.
Account
You can register your PC on your LG ThinQ  account.
4.
gram chat On-Device
You can run the gram chat On-Device  app directly.
5.
Notification
Notifies the user of important information and updates.
118

--- Page 119 ---
Home
1.
Recommend:  Suggests customized settings according to the user’s PC status and provides related links.
2.
Quick Setting:  Allows you to set main PC functions easily. Items can be changed and up to 6 items can be added.
3.
Guide:  Notifies you of the apps or convenient functions provided by LG.
4.
Shortcut:  You can run the apps or websites provided by LG directly.
PC Maintenance
119

--- Page 120 ---
1. Display
Function Description
Color Temperature Settings Allows you to adjust the screen color temperature to cool (bluish screen color) 
or warm (reddish screen color) or use the automatic color temperature function.
Reader Mode Allows you to set the Reader Mode to reduce eye fatigue when reading docu
ments.
• Using the Reader Mode  and the Night light  at the same time can cause color 
distortion. When you use the Reader Mode, turn off the Night light.
You can turn [Night Mode] on or off in the Start button [ ] > [Settings] 
> [System] > [Display].
Professional Mode Provides a more extended color gamut to the display and enhances the content 
color reproduction.
(Professional Mode  uses an ICC profile and works only in some programs.)
Connecting to Simple Display When connecting an external display, you can set to display the menu that can 
set the Display Mode on the PC screen.
Applying Lively Theme You can set various themes provided by LG PC or select an operation method of 
Lively Theme according to the charging status.
2. Sound
*Supported to the built-in microphone/speaker only.
Function Description
AI Microphone Optimization Cancels out the noise input to the microphone to deliver clear sound.
AI Speaker Optimization Cancels the noise output from the speakers to deliver clear sound.
User voice tracking It removes voices of other users in the surroundings and delivers the registered 
user's voice only. It can be used in the Uni Directional Noise Canceling  mode on
ly.
3. Power & Performance
Function Description
Cooling Mode Allows you to set the fan mode of the PC according to the PC environment.
Learn more >  (on page 121)
Battery Life Status Displays the battery status so that you can replace the battery timely.
120

--- Page 121 ---
Extend Battery Life Allows you to lower the battery charge completion level to 80%, or set to ex
tend the battery life through the AI mode  that learned the user pattern and PC 
status.
Turning off the screen by de
tecting AFK
Allows you to set to turn off the screen automatically by detecting AFK with a 
camera.
USB-C®  Offline Charging Allows you to set the PC to charge external devices via the USB-C®  port even 
when the PC is turned off.
Battery Saving Mode You can adjust some of the PC's settings, such as the Power mode, screen and 
sleep settings, keyboard backlight, display brightness, and Windows Auto Up
date, to use the battery for a longer duration. (This applies only when the PC 
adaptor is not connected to the power.)
AI Battery Usage Detection 
Notification
You can set the PC to use its AI analysis function and alert you when multiple 
applications or vaccine programs that consume the battery a lot are being used.
4. Keyboard & Pen
Function Description
Keyboard Backlight You can set whether to use keyboard backlight and brightness, and can set the 
keyboard backlight to turn off automatically after the designated time.
Lock Fn Key Allows you to set the hot keys (F1 - F12) to operate even without pressing Fn.
Shortcut Guide
While pressing the Fn key or   key, you can set to display the shortcut guide 
that can be combined with this key.
Display NumLock Key Status Allows you to set the screen to display the status change when you press the 
NumLock key.
Shortcut Settings You can register the app or Internet address to set to use as a shortcut, or 
check the designated shortcut.
Learn more >  (on page 122)
[Cooling Mode Guide]
121

--- Page 122 ---
•
Auto:  It sets Silent, Low, Normal, and High automatically depending on the PC use environment. (During a high 
performance task, the PC surface temperature and noise may rise, and the battery life may be shortened.)
•
Silent:  Limits the PC performance so that the PC does not generate fan noise. (The PC surface temperature may rise 
when the function is used for a long time.)
•
Low:  Minimizes fan speed so that you can use the PC in a quiet environment. (This may degrade your PC performance.)
•
Normal:  Optimizes PC performance, heat and noise.
•
High:  Sets to the tasks that require high performance. (This may result in increased PC surface temperature and noise, 
and shorter battery life.)
!
Caution:
When using for a long term, use Normal Mode.
[Shortcut Setting Guide]
122

--- Page 123 ---
• User Shortcut Settings:  On the Shortcut Settings List, select the navigation icon [ ] or the internet icon [ ] to 
register the desired app or Internet address to a shortcut.
Tip:
Some abnormal program files (exes) and Internet addresses (links) may not be linked.
Shortcuts can be set from 1 to 5.
After selecting the app-running file, right-click the mouse and use the [Show more options] > [Set functions 
to use with user Hot keys] menu to register the app quickly.
•
Designated Shortcut:  The Fn key can be combined with shortcuts supported only by LG PC to use some functions 
easily, and the designated shortcuts may not be changed by the user.
Tip:
The PC Cleaning Mode is a function that locks the keyboard, touchpad, and touch screen to stop operating 
when cleaning the product while the power is turned on. (The touch screen lock function applies only to the 
model with the touch screen provided.)
Turn off PC Cleaning Mode: Press and hold the [Fn] + [L] keys on the keyboard until the bar displayed on the 
screen is filled.
123

--- Page 124 ---
!
Caution:
Do not clean using liquid or solution while the power is turned on.
• A malfunction or fire may occur.
LG Update & Renew
LG Update & Renew  maintains the system in the optimal state through updates.
• Select the Start button [ ] > [All apps] and run [LG Update & Renew].
Tip:
Menus and supported functions may differ depending on the model.
It may not work properly depending on user environment (security tools, etc.) and the network status.
Use LG Update & Renew  to keep your system current and optimized.
124

--- Page 125 ---
The figures herein are subject to change without prior notice.
Tour
1.
Update
Allows you to install various PC drivers, applications and Windows patches easily and quickly.
2.
Program Information
Runs Help or displays information about the software.
Update
If an item that needs updating is displayed, you can select it and update it.
125

--- Page 126 ---
• Select an item to update in the [Update] menu and click [Installation].
gram chat On-Device
gram chat On-Device  helps search information on the PC fast and precisely through the AI technology.
• Select the Start button [ ] > [All apps] and run [gram chat On-Device].
- Press the [Fn] + [Space bar] keys to start the app easily.
Tip:
gram chat On-Device  supports Korean/English input.
The minimum memory capacity to run gram chat On-Device  is 16 GB. It is not run in a model whose system 
memory is configured below 16 GB.
126

--- Page 127 ---
You can re-install the app in LG Update & Renew.
The figures herein are subject to change without prior notice.
Tour
1.
Previous Ask List:  Previous Ask List is displayed.
2.
Settings:  You can check the app information or change app settings.
3.
Indexing Refresh:  Resets the chat messages.
4.
Search:  Enter the content to search.
5.
Attach File:  You can attach a file.
6.
Send Button:  Press the Send Button to create a response.
LG gram Link
LG gram Link  allows you to share various files (photos, videos, documents, etc.) by simply connecting the PC with the 
mobile device and to experience expanded usability through various connections between devices.
127

--- Page 128 ---
• Select the Start button [ ] > [All apps] and run [LG gram Link].
Tip:
To use LG gram Link, the devices using the app must be connected to the same Wi-Fi network and the app must 
be running on the devices.
The app may not work properly on some mobile devices and upgrading the operating system of a mobile device 
may prevent some features from working properly.
You can re-install the app in LG Update & Renew.
The figures herein are subject to change without prior notice.
Registering Mobile Devices
1. Scan the QR code with the camera app of the mobile device and install the app on the mobile device.
Tip:
You can search LG gram Link  on Google Play  or App Store  and install the mobile device app.
128

--- Page 129 ---
2.
When the installation is complete, press [Next].
3.
Connect the PC and mobile device to the same Wi-Fi network.
4.
In the LG gram Link  app of the mobile device, select [Register to your gram] and scan the QR code on the PC 
screen to register the mobile device.
5.
When the registration is complete, press [OK].
129

--- Page 130 ---
Tour
1.
Send:  Allows you to send files (photos, videos, and documents) stored in your PC to other devices.
Import:  Allows you to import photos and videos from the mobile device to your PC or to other registered devices.
Connect:  Allows you to experience expanded usability through various connections between devices.
Call:  Checks the contacts on the mobile device, or makes a call directly on the PC.
Settings:  App settings and registered mobile devices can be managed.
2.
Button for registering mobile devices:  Registers mobile devices.
3.
Notifications:  Allows you to check the notifications of the mobile device.
• Activate [Connect Device for Call/Notifications] in [Settings] and select the device to check notifications.
Send
1. In the [Send] menu, drag and drop the files (photos, videos, and documents) that you want to the area marked with 
dotted lines.
You can use the Send File function faster by dragging and dropping files to the icon of a discovered device.
130

--- Page 131 ---
2.
When you select the device icon, the files are sent.
Tip:
• If the device icon does not appear, select [Search for devices] to search again.
If the device is not searched continuously, refer to the content in Reconnecting to Bluetooth  (on page 
137).
•
When you send a file to a non-registered device, you need to enter the PIN code. You only need to 
enter the PIN code once. Devices with past connection history do not display the PIN code input screen.
131

--- Page 132 ---
Import
1. In the [Import] menu, select a device to connect.
2.
When the mobile device's album is displayed on the app, select the photos or videos you want.
Select [Save] to save the selected files in the PC.
Select [Deliver] to send the selected files to other registered mobile devices.
132

--- Page 133 ---
Tip:
The saved files can be found in [Settings] > [Download location].
Connect
1. In the [Connect] menu, select the menu for a desired function and connect to the device.
- If you select the [ ] icon, you can change a device to connect.
133

--- Page 134 ---
Function Description
Mobile Device Mirroring The screen of the mobile device appears on the PC, and you can use the mobile 
device on your PC.
• If you want to stop using the PC’s keyboard and mouse on the mirrored mo
bile device screen, press [Esc] key.
Extend/Duplicate gram 
Screen
You can extend/duplicate the PC screen on the mobile device.
Mobile Mouse/Keyboard Shar
ing
You can use the PC's keyboard and mouse on the mobile device.
Mobile Device Camera Sharing The camera screen of the mobile device is displayed on the PC.
Mobile Device Audio Sharing You can play the audio of the mobile device through the PC’s speaker.
Tip:
• If your keyboard or mouse does not work on the mobile device screen, refer to the content in 
Reconnecting to Bluetooth  (on page 137).
2.
Select the menu again to disconnect the device.
Call
1. Activate [Connect Device for Call/Notifications] in [Settings] and select the device to connect.
2.
Select [Call] > [Connect Bluetooth].
134

--- Page 135 ---
3. If a connection is established, the recent call list appears and you can make a call directly on the PC.
Importing by Searching Files on the PC on the Mobile Device
You can import by searching files (photos, videos, and documents) on the PC on the registered mobile device.
Tip:
This function is provided by linking with gram chat On-Device, so you can use it by running gram chat On-Device 
once.
135

--- Page 136 ---
1. Search files in the [Import] menu of the LG gram Link  mobile app.
2. Check the desired files and select [Import] to save on the mobile device.
136

--- Page 137 ---
• Files may be saved in different locations depending on the file format and mobile device.
(Android: Gallery, My Files / iOS: Photos, Files)
Reconnecting to Bluetooth
When no device is discovered / When the PC's keyboard or mouse does not work on the mobile device screen:
1. Select the [ ] icon on the right side of the taskbar, right-click the [ ] icon, and press [Exit] to exit the app.
2.
Select the Start button [ ] > [Settings] > [Bluetooth & devices], press the [ ] icon for the mobile device, and 
press [Remove device] to remove the mobile device.
137

--- Page 138 ---
3. In the Bluetooth settings for the mobile device, remove the connected PC.
4. Turn off the Bluetooth function of the PC and the mobile device, wait for 10 seconds, and turn it back on.
5. Run the LG gram Link  app and reconnect the PC.
LG Glance by Mirametrix®
LG Glance by Mirametrix®  uses AI-based attention detection technology to improve PC productivity and enhance security.
• Select the Start button [ ] > [All apps] and run [LG Glance by Mirametrix®].
Tip:
LG Glance by Mirametrix®  basically operates with the power connected, and connecting an external monitor 
makes it possible to utilize various functions more efficiently.
You can re-install the app in LG Update & Renew.
138

--- Page 139 ---
The figures herein are subject to change without prior notice.
Tour
Select the [ ] (Show hidden icons) icon on the right side of the taskbar, and then select the [ ] icon to run LG 
Glance by Mirametrix®.
Tip:
To always display the LG Glance by Mirametrix®  icon [ ] on the taskbar, right-click on the taskbar, select 
[Taskbar settings] > [Other system tray icons], and set [Glance.exe] to [On].
1.
Presence Detection:  If the user does not look at the screen or leaves the screen for a certain period of time, the 
screen is locked or darkened.
2.
Snap Window:  (When an external monitor is connected) Click and hold the title bar of the desired window, move 
your head to the external monitor or the notebook PC screen to move the window to the screen you are looking at.
3.
Smart Pointer:  (When an external monitor is connected) Move your head to the external monitor or the notebook 
PC screen to move the mouse pointer to the screen you are looking at.
4.
Smart Display:  Dims the screen of an external monitor or the notebook PC screen that the user is not looking at.
5.
Privacy Guard:  Blurs the notebook PC screen if someone is looking at your screen from behind.
6.
Privacy Alert:  Alerts you with an icon if someone is looking at your screen from behind.
7.
Smart Player:  Pauses the audio or video playback of a specific app when the user is away and automatically 
resumes playback when the user returns.
8.
Digital Wellness:  Tells you to look at an object far away for 20 seconds every 20 minutes to protect your eyesight. 
If you crouch too close to the screen, it tells you to correct your posture.
9.
Video Conferencing:  (During video conferencing) Displays a video of the presenter on the Desktop or automatically 
mutes the microphone when the user moves away from the screen. Virtual Camera  hides the background of the 
139

--- Page 140 ---
camera or automatically adjusts the frame of the camera according to the user's movement and compensates the 
face or the lighting to make your face look more beautiful.
10. Settings:  Provides the settings menu and tutorial (help on how to use) of LG Glance by Mirametrix®.
Tip:
For [Snap Window] and [Smart Pointer], an external monitor should be connected through Expansion, and they 
cannot be used if the monitor placement in [Display settings] is different from the actual monitor placement.
Right-click the mouse on Desktop > In [Display settings], change monitor placement according to the 
environment in use.
• For more information on how to connect the external monitor, refer to the details of [Connecting to External 
Display] in [Using the PC].
Dolby Access
Dolby Access  helps use Dolby Atmos  effects that provide accurate and ample sounds according to the situation.
• Select the Start button [ ] > [All apps] and run [Dolby Access].
Tip:
This app may not be provided depending on the model.
You can re-install the app by searching Dolby Access  in Microsoft Store.
The figures herein are subject to change without prior notice.
140

--- Page 141 ---
Tour
1. Home:  Allows you to experience contents for Dolby Atmos.
2. Product:  Allows you to set the product that can activate Dolby Atmos  effects. (It is set to the built-in speaker by 
default, and when connecting the headphone, it changes to the headphone.)
3. Settings:  Allows you to select various sound effects according to the situation.
• Dynamic:  Provides optimized sounds for contents in operation.
•
Game:  Provides optimized sounds for running a game.
•
Movie:  Provides optimized sounds for movie playback.
• Music:  Provides optimized sounds for music playback.
•
Voice:  Provides optimized sounds for voice playback.
•
Custom 1, 2, 3:  Provides optimized sounds according to user settings.
•
More Settings:  Allows you set other settings such as deactivating Dolby Atmos  effects.
Tip:
Remove Audio Driver or Dolby Atmos
• Remove [Dolby Access]  and [Dolby Atmos Driver] first, and then remove [Realtek(R) Audio Driver] and restart 
the system.
Re-install Audio Driver or Dolby Atmos
•
While [Dolby Access], [Dolby Atmos Driver], and [Realtek(R) Audio Driver]  are all removed, install [Realtek(R) 
Audio Driver]  first. Restart the system and install [Dolby Atmos Driver]  and [Dolby Access], respectively.
If you do not remove or install them in the order specified, an error may occur.
141

--- Page 142 ---
Restoring the System
Restoring the System
If the system has an error, you can use Windows’ recovery function to recover or restore the system to its initial pre-
purchase state.
!
Caution:
If you have deleted the restoration data in the protected area of the disk, or have arbitrarily installed another 
operating system, the restore function may not work.
To recover the system, the adapter must be connected.
1. Select the Start button [ ] > [Settings].
Tip:
Press the [ ] key or [Ctrl] + [Esc] on the keyboard to display the Start screen.
2. Select [Reset PC] in [System] > [Recovery] > [Reset this PC].
142

--- Page 143 ---
3. Select the options you want to proceed with the recovery.
Keep My Files
It removes the apps and their settings without loss of personal files.
143

--- Page 144 ---
1. Select [Keep my files].
2. Select How to Reinstall Windows.
Tip:
If the PC is not connected to the Internet, the screen for selecting Windows installation method does not 
appear.
[Cloud download]  is a menu for downloading Windows  from Microsoft  Cloud Server and reinstalling it.
The required time may vary depending on the Internet speed.
3. Check the current settings and select [Next] to perform the recovery according to the instructions.
144

--- Page 145 ---
Tip:
If you select [Change Settings], you can change the current settings.
Remove everythings
Removes all items from the system and restores the system to its initial pre-purchase state.
!
Caution:
All data is lost during the initialization, so you must backup all critical data in advance.
It may take about 5 hours or longer depending on the system conditions.
145

--- Page 146 ---
1. Select [Remove everything].
2. Select How to Reinstall Windows.
Tip:
If the PC is not connected to the Internet, the screen for selecting Windows installation method does not 
appear.
[Cloud download]  is a menu for downloading Windows  from Microsoft  Cloud Server and reinstalling it.
The required time may vary depending on the Internet speed.
3. Check the current settings and select [Next] to perform the recovery according to the instructions.
146

--- Page 147 ---
Tip:
If you select [Change Settings], you can change the current settings.
147

--- Page 148 ---
Setup and Upgrade
Installing the Driver
You can use LG Update & Renew  to install the deleted drivers or the latest drivers easily and quickly.
1. Select the Start button [ ] > [All apps] and run [LG Update & Renew].
2. Install a driver in the [Update] menu.
Tip:
Use LG Update & Renew  to keep your system current and optimized.
The figures herein are subject to change without prior notice.
How to Download LG Update & Renew
You can download and install LG Update & Renew  from LG Electronics website (www.lg.com).
Starting System Setup
System setup means storing the hardware configuration information of the PC in the flash memory. Through system setup, 
the PC retrieves various information including current date and time, memory capacity, and storage device (HDD, SSD, 
eMMC) capacity and type.
You setup the system when you set passwords, change the boot order, and add new peripheral devices to the machine.
Items displayed on the Setup screen may differ by model type and specification.
148

--- Page 149 ---
Tip:
To use the system setup (F2), booting device selection (F10), you need to restart the system (click [Restart] in 
the system power menu) and then immediately press the corresponding function key due to the fast booting 
speed.
!
Caution:
• Do not change the system setup unless necessary. Incorrect system setup may cause errors during system 
operation. Use caution when changing the system setup.
•
For performance improvement, the system setup menu configuration and the initial setup status may be 
changed and may become different from images included in the user manual.
1.
Reboot the system and press [F2] multiple times.
149

--- Page 150 ---
2. In a few moments, the system setup screen appears.
Keys Used in System Setup
Keys Function
Enter Selects the current item.
Esc To deselect the current item or to move to the previous screen.
▲, ▼, ◄,  ►  (Arrow keys) Moves the cursor up, down, left, and right.
+, — Increases or decreases the item value.
F10 Saves the new settings or exits the system setup.
Setting the Boot Password
This process is to set a password so that other people cannot use the computer or change the settings.
The user can set a password while booting the system or setting up the system.
The model in the example can differ from actual models and is subject to change for performance improvements, 
without prior notice.
!
Caution:
Without the registered password, access to the system will be denied. Write down and keep the password in a 
safe place.
150

--- Page 151 ---
Setting the Supervisor Password
The password prevents unauthorized people from accessing the PC. By default, no password is set for the machine. If an 
unauthorized person changes the password in the System Setup, you will be unable to access the system.
Tip:
With the Supervisor Password, you are authorized to set all items in the System Setup and to set [Password on 
boot]. In case other people also use the computer, it is recommended to set the User Password.
1.
Reboot the system and press [F2] multiple times.
2.
When the System Setup screen appears, go to [Security]  > [Set Supervisor Password]  using the arrow keys and 
press the [Enter] key.
3.
When the Password Setting screen appears, enter a password and press the [Enter] key.
151

--- Page 152 ---
The password should not exceed 12 characters and should consist of English letters (A - Z), numbers (0 - 9), and 
special characters or a combination of them.
4. When a pop-up window appears, press the [Enter] key.
5. To save the changes in system setup, press [F10]. When a pop-up window appears, select [Yes]  and press the 
[Enter] key.
6. The PC will restart.
Setting the User Password
The User Password is lower than the Supervisor Password, so it can be entered only after setting the Supervisor Password.
Tip:
The User Password allows only limited access to the items that can be set compared to the Supervisor Password 
when using the System Setup.
152

--- Page 153 ---
1. Execute the System Setup screen, go to [Security]  > [Set User Password]  using the arrow keys and press the 
[Enter] key.
2. When the Password Setting screen appears, enter a password and press the [Enter] key.
The password should not exceed 12 characters and should consist of English letters (A - Z), numbers (0 - 9), and 
special characters or a combination of them.
3. When a pop-up window appears, press the [Enter] key.
4. To save the changes in system setup, press [F10]. When a pop-up window appears, select [Yes]  and press the 
[Enter] key.
5. The PC will restart.
Password on boot
[Password on boot]  protects your system by requiring during booting to enter the Supervisor Password or User Password.
To set [Password on boot], you first need to set the Supervisor Password or set both Supervisor and User Passwords.
153

--- Page 154 ---
1. Execute the System Setup screen, go to [Security]  > [Password on boot]  using the arrow keys and press the [Enter] 
key.
2. Select [Enabled]  and press the [Enter] key to complete the [Password on boot]  setting.
Setting the Storage Device Password
The Storage Device Password is to set a password in the storage device separate from the Supervisor Password.
Tip:
• Some storage devices may not support password setting.
•
For the models equipped with two storage devices, you can set a password for each device. If passwords are 
set for both devices, the password input window appears twice during the booting process. The order in which 
the password input windows appears is according to the [Boot Priority Order]  of the [Boot]  menu.
!
Caution:
If you lose the password for a storage device, you cannot recover the storage device.
• Please note that replacement of a storage device due to the loss of the password of the storage device is 
excluded from the product warranty.
154

--- Page 155 ---
1. Execute the System Setup screen, go to [Security]  > [Storage Security Features]  using the arrow keys and press 
the [Enter] key.
2. Go to the desired device and press the [Enter] key.
3. Press the [Enter] key in [Set Password].
4. When the Password Setting screen appears, enter a password and press the [Enter] key.
The password should not exceed 12 characters and should consist of English letters (A - Z), numbers (0 - 9), and 
special characters or a combination of them.
155

--- Page 156 ---
5. When a pop-up window appears, press the [Enter] key.
6. To save the changes in system setup, press [F10]. When a pop-up window appears, select [Yes]  and press the 
[Enter] key.
7. The PC will restart.
Deleting/Changing the Boot Password
You can delete or change the password only after entering the current password.
The model in the example can differ from actual models and is subject to change for performance improvements, 
without prior notice.
Changing the Boot Password
1. Execute the System Setup screen, enter the password, and press the [Enter] key.
2.
Change the password in the same way as setting one.
Deleting the Boot Password
1. Execute the System Setup screen, enter the password, and press the [Enter] key.
2.
When the System Setup screen appears, go to [Security]  > [Set Supervisor Password]  using the arrow keys and 
press the [Enter] key.
156

--- Page 157 ---
3. When the Password Setting screen appears, enter the current password in the [Enter Current Password]  field.
4. Press the [Enter] key in [Enter New Password]  and again in [Confirm New Password].
5. When a pop-up window appears, press the [Enter] key.
6. To save the changes in system setup, press [F10]. When a pop-up window appears, select [Yes]  and press the 
[Enter] key.
7. The PC will restart.
157

--- Page 158 ---
Deleting the Boot Password (Storage Device)
1. Execute the System Setup screen, enter the password, and press the [Enter] key.
2.
When the System Setup screen appears, go to [Security]  > [Storage Security Features]  using the arrow keys and 
press the [Enter] key.
3.
Go to the desired device and press the [Enter] key.
4.
Press the [Enter] key in [Set Password].
5.
When the Password change screen appears, enter the current password in the [Enter Current Password]  field.
158

--- Page 159 ---
6. Press the [Enter] key in [Enter New Password]  and again in [Confirm New Password].
7. When a pop-up window appears, press the [Enter] key.
8. To save the changes in system setup, press [F10]. When a pop-up window appears, select [Yes]  and press the 
[Enter] key.
9. The PC will restart.
Initializing System Setup
If you have changed the system setup by mistake, you can restore the default settings.
The model in the example can differ from actual models and is subject to change for performance improvements, 
without prior notice.
1. Execute the System Setup screen, go to [Exit]  > [Load Setup Defaults]  using the arrow keys and press the [Enter] 
key.
Tip:
You can press the [F9] key to use the [Load Setup Defaults]  item.
159

--- Page 160 ---
2. When a pop-up window appears, select [Yes]  and press the [Enter] key. The settings will be reset to the factory 
default.
3. To save the changes in system setup, press [F10]. When a pop-up window appears, select [Yes]  and press the 
[Enter] key.
4. The PC will restart.
Changing the Boot Order
The user can change the boot order according to his or her needs, or select a boot device
The model in the example can differ from actual models and is subject to change for performance improvements, 
without prior notice.
Tip:
To use the system setup (F2), booting device selection (F10), you need to restart the system (click [Restart]  in 
the system power menu) and then immediately press the corresponding function key due to the fast booting 
speed.
160

--- Page 161 ---
Changing the Boot Order
1. Reboot the system and press [F2] multiple times.
2.
Go to the [Boot]  menu using the arrow keys when the system setup screen appears.
3.
Go to [Boot Priority Order]  and press [F5] or [F6] to change the booting order.
4.
To save the changes in system setup, press [F10]. When a pop-up window appears, select [Yes]  and press the 
[Enter] key.
5.
The PC will restart.
161

--- Page 162 ---
Selecting a Booting Device to Use
1. Reboot the system and press [F10] multiple times.
2.
When the Select Boot Device screen appears, go to the desired device using the arrow keys and press the [Enter] 
key.
3.
Boots using the selected device.
Setting Auto Scaling
The Windows Auto Scaling  feature for user's convenience may partially blur the screen or display some icons and texts 
larger.
Refer to the following information to change the DPI scaling to suit your needs.
162

--- Page 163 ---
1. Select the Start button [ ] > [Settings].
Tip:
Press the [ ] key or [Ctrl] + [Esc] on the keyboard to display the Start screen.
2. Select [System]  > [Display].
3. Changing the [Scale]  item value changes the auto scaling settings.
Tip:
After changing the Auto Scaling settings, some apps must be shut down and restarted for the scaling and 
layout to take effect.
163

--- Page 164 ---
Using Instant Booting
Instant Booting  allows the system to boot automatically when the notebook PC cover is opened, so that you can use the 
system without pressing the power button.
1. Select the Start button [ ] > [All apps] and run [My gram].
2. Turn on [Instant Booting].
3.
Shutdown the system and close the notebook PC cover.
4.
When the cover is opened, the notebook PC turns on and the system starts to boot automatically.
164

--- Page 165 ---
FAQ
Using USB-C®  (Thunderbolt™) Charging Function
You can connect the USB-C®  device to charge a notebook PC battery or an external device, and the operation mode is 
automatically selected depending the charge settings of the connected device.
• To charge a notebook PC battery, the external device (USB PD Charger, notebook PC, etc.) should support USB Power 
Delivery 10 W (5 V / 2 A) or higher profile.
•
The external devices that use the USB-C®  port support 10 W (5 V / 2 A) and 15 W (5 V / 3 A).
•
A USB device compatible with USB PD (Power Delivery) supports charging at 15 W (5 V / 3 A), whereas a regular USB 
device supports charging at 10 W (5 V / 2 A).
•
USB PD batteries cannot be charged using the USB-C®  port of the notebook PC.
•
Always-On Charging is supported only with USB-C®  ports, but not with the regular USB ports.
•
If you connect an adapter with a lower output than the rated adapter, it may take more time to charge the notebook 
PC.
1.
When the connected device is set to Automatic (charging the notebook PC or a connected device. Charging the 
notebook PC by using the mobile phone is not supported.)
2.
When the connected device is set to Source (the notebook PC is charged.)
3.
When the connected device is set to Sink (the connected device is charged.)
165

--- Page 166 ---
Tip:
The charging status of the external device being charged is not displayed on the notebook PC.
If you connected a smartphone, you should select "Charge mobile phone" on the smartphone screen to charge the 
phone battery.
!
Caution:
If the power consumption of the notebook PC is larger than the power supply from the external device, the 
battery may be consumed gradually.
My gram
My gram  suggests an optimal environment customized to a user’s PC status, and helps experience various apps provided 
by LG.
• Select the Start button [ ] > [All apps] and run [My gram].
- Press the [Fn] + [F1] keys to start the app easily.
Tip:
The menus and functions displayed in this app may differ depending on the model and app version.
You can re-install the app in LG Update & Renew.
The figures herein are subject to change without prior notice.
166

--- Page 167 ---
Tour
1.
Search
You can search and use various settings.
2.
Home
The user can receive customized settings depending on your PC status, or set main PC functions easily.
Learn more >  (on page 168)
PC Maintenance
The user can easily change and use various PC functions according to his or her needs.
Learn more >  (on page 168)
Customer Support
Notifies you of the apps or convenient functions provided by LG.
Apps
You can run the apps provided by LG directly.
Settings
You can check app information or use the lab.
3.
Account
You can register your PC on your LG ThinQ  account.
4.
gram chat On-Device
You can run the gram chat On-Device  app directly.
5.
Notification
Notifies the user of important information and updates.
167

--- Page 168 ---
Home
1.
Recommend:  Suggests customized settings according to the user’s PC status and provides related links.
2.
Quick Setting:  Allows you to set main PC functions easily. Items can be changed and up to 6 items can be added.
3.
Guide:  Notifies you of the apps or convenient functions provided by LG.
4.
Shortcut:  You can run the apps or websites provided by LG directly.
PC Maintenance
168

--- Page 169 ---
1. Display
Function Description
Color Temperature Settings Allows you to adjust the screen color temperature to cool (bluish screen color) 
or warm (reddish screen color) or use the automatic color temperature function.
Reader Mode Allows you to set the Reader Mode to reduce eye fatigue when reading docu
ments.
• Using the Reader Mode  and the Night light  at the same time can cause color 
distortion. When you use the Reader Mode, turn off the Night light.
You can turn [Night Mode] on or off in the Start button [ ] > [Settings] 
> [System] > [Display].
Professional Mode Provides a more extended color gamut to the display and enhances the content 
color reproduction.
(Professional Mode  uses an ICC profile and works only in some programs.)
Connecting to Simple Display When connecting an external display, you can set to display the menu that can 
set the Display Mode on the PC screen.
Applying Lively Theme You can set various themes provided by LG PC or select an operation method of 
Lively Theme according to the charging status.
2. Sound
*Supported to the built-in microphone/speaker only.
Function Description
AI Microphone Optimization Cancels out the noise input to the microphone to deliver clear sound.
AI Speaker Optimization Cancels the noise output from the speakers to deliver clear sound.
User voice tracking It removes voices of other users in the surroundings and delivers the registered 
user's voice only. It can be used in the Uni Directional Noise Canceling  mode on
ly.
3. Power & Performance
Function Description
Cooling Mode Allows you to set the fan mode of the PC according to the PC environment.
Learn more >  (on page 170)
Battery Life Status Displays the battery status so that you can replace the battery timely.
169

--- Page 170 ---
Extend Battery Life Allows you to lower the battery charge completion level to 80%, or set to ex
tend the battery life through the AI mode  that learned the user pattern and PC 
status.
Turning off the screen by de
tecting AFK
Allows you to set to turn off the screen automatically by detecting AFK with a 
camera.
USB-C®  Offline Charging Allows you to set the PC to charge external devices via the USB-C®  port even 
when the PC is turned off.
Battery Saving Mode You can adjust some of the PC's settings, such as the Power mode, screen and 
sleep settings, keyboard backlight, display brightness, and Windows Auto Up
date, to use the battery for a longer duration. (This applies only when the PC 
adaptor is not connected to the power.)
AI Battery Usage Detection 
Notification
You can set the PC to use its AI analysis function and alert you when multiple 
applications or vaccine programs that consume the battery a lot are being used.
4. Keyboard & Pen
Function Description
Keyboard Backlight You can set whether to use keyboard backlight and brightness, and can set the 
keyboard backlight to turn off automatically after the designated time.
Lock Fn Key Allows you to set the hot keys (F1 - F12) to operate even without pressing Fn.
Shortcut Guide
While pressing the Fn key or   key, you can set to display the shortcut guide 
that can be combined with this key.
Display NumLock Key Status Allows you to set the screen to display the status change when you press the 
NumLock key.
Shortcut Settings You can register the app or Internet address to set to use as a shortcut, or 
check the designated shortcut.
Learn more >  (on page 171)
[Cooling Mode Guide]
170

--- Page 171 ---
•
Auto:  It sets Silent, Low, Normal, and High automatically depending on the PC use environment. (During a high 
performance task, the PC surface temperature and noise may rise, and the battery life may be shortened.)
•
Silent:  Limits the PC performance so that the PC does not generate fan noise. (The PC surface temperature may rise 
when the function is used for a long time.)
•
Low:  Minimizes fan speed so that you can use the PC in a quiet environment. (This may degrade your PC performance.)
•
Normal:  Optimizes PC performance, heat and noise.
•
High:  Sets to the tasks that require high performance. (This may result in increased PC surface temperature and noise, 
and shorter battery life.)
!
Caution:
When using for a long term, use Normal Mode.
[Shortcut Setting Guide]
171

--- Page 172 ---
• User Shortcut Settings:  On the Shortcut Settings List, select the navigation icon [ ] or the internet icon [ ] to 
register the desired app or Internet address to a shortcut.
Tip:
Some abnormal program files (exes) and Internet addresses (links) may not be linked.
Shortcuts can be set from 1 to 5.
After selecting the app-running file, right-click the mouse and use the [Show more options] > [Set functions 
to use with user Hot keys] menu to register the app quickly.
•
Designated Shortcut:  The Fn key can be combined with shortcuts supported only by LG PC to use some functions 
easily, and the designated shortcuts may not be changed by the user.
Tip:
The PC Cleaning Mode is a function that locks the keyboard, touchpad, and touch screen to stop operating 
when cleaning the product while the power is turned on. (The touch screen lock function applies only to the 
model with the touch screen provided.)
Turn off PC Cleaning Mode: Press and hold the [Fn] + [L] keys on the keyboard until the bar displayed on the 
screen is filled.
172

--- Page 173 ---
!
Caution:
Do not clean using liquid or solution while the power is turned on.
• A malfunction or fire may occur.
Restoring the System
If the system has an error, you can use Windows’ recovery function to recover or restore the system to its initial pre-
purchase state.
!
Caution:
If you have deleted the restoration data in the protected area of the disk, or have arbitrarily installed another 
operating system, the restore function may not work.
To recover the system, the adapter must be connected.
1. Select the Start button [ ] > [Settings].
Tip:
Press the [ ] key or [Ctrl] + [Esc] on the keyboard to display the Start screen.
173

--- Page 174 ---
2. Select [Reset PC] in [System] > [Recovery] > [Reset this PC].
174

--- Page 175 ---
3. Select the options you want to proceed with the recovery.
Keep My Files
It removes the apps and their settings without loss of personal files.
1. Select [Keep my files].
2.
Select How to Reinstall Windows.
Tip:
If the PC is not connected to the Internet, the screen for selecting Windows installation method does not 
appear.
[Cloud download]  is a menu for downloading Windows  from Microsoft  Cloud Server and reinstalling it.
175

--- Page 176 ---
The required time may vary depending on the Internet speed.
3. Check the current settings and select [Next] to perform the recovery according to the instructions.
Tip:
If you select [Change Settings], you can change the current settings.
Remove everythings
Removes all items from the system and restores the system to its initial pre-purchase state.
176

--- Page 177 ---
!
Caution:
All data is lost during the initialization, so you must backup all critical data in advance.
It may take about 5 hours or longer depending on the system conditions.
1. Select [Remove everything].
2. Select How to Reinstall Windows.
Tip:
If the PC is not connected to the Internet, the screen for selecting Windows installation method does not 
appear.
[Cloud download]  is a menu for downloading Windows  from Microsoft  Cloud Server and reinstalling it.
The required time may vary depending on the Internet speed.
177

--- Page 178 ---
3. Check the current settings and select [Next] to perform the recovery according to the instructions.
Tip:
If you select [Change Settings], you can change the current settings.
Setting the Boot Password
This process is to set a password so that other people cannot use the computer or change the settings.
The user can set a password while booting the system or setting up the system.
178

--- Page 179 ---
The model in the example can differ from actual models and is subject to change for performance improvements, 
without prior notice.
!
Caution:
Without the registered password, access to the system will be denied. Write down and keep the password in a 
safe place.
Setting the Supervisor Password
The password prevents unauthorized people from accessing the PC. By default, no password is set for the machine. If an 
unauthorized person changes the password in the System Setup, you will be unable to access the system.
Tip:
With the Supervisor Password, you are authorized to set all items in the System Setup and to set [Password on 
boot]. In case other people also use the computer, it is recommended to set the User Password.
1.
Reboot the system and press [F2] multiple times.
2.
When the System Setup screen appears, go to [Security]  > [Set Supervisor Password]  using the arrow keys and 
press the [Enter] key.
179

--- Page 180 ---
3. When the Password Setting screen appears, enter a password and press the [Enter] key.
The password should not exceed 12 characters and should consist of English letters (A - Z), numbers (0 - 9), and 
special characters or a combination of them.
4. When a pop-up window appears, press the [Enter] key.
5. To save the changes in system setup, press [F10]. When a pop-up window appears, select [Yes]  and press the 
[Enter] key.
6. The PC will restart.
Setting the User Password
The User Password is lower than the Supervisor Password, so it can be entered only after setting the Supervisor Password.
180

--- Page 181 ---
Tip:
The User Password allows only limited access to the items that can be set compared to the Supervisor Password 
when using the System Setup.
1. Execute the System Setup screen, go to [Security]  > [Set User Password]  using the arrow keys and press the 
[Enter] key.
2. When the Password Setting screen appears, enter a password and press the [Enter] key.
The password should not exceed 12 characters and should consist of English letters (A - Z), numbers (0 - 9), and 
special characters or a combination of them.
3. When a pop-up window appears, press the [Enter] key.
4. To save the changes in system setup, press [F10]. When a pop-up window appears, select [Yes]  and press the 
[Enter] key.
5. The PC will restart.
181

--- Page 182 ---
Password on boot
[Password on boot]  protects your system by requiring during booting to enter the Supervisor Password or User Password.
To set [Password on boot], you first need to set the Supervisor Password or set both Supervisor and User Passwords.
1.
Execute the System Setup screen, go to [Security]  > [Password on boot]  using the arrow keys and press the [Enter] 
key.
2.
Select [Enabled]  and press the [Enter] key to complete the [Password on boot]  setting.
Setting the Storage Device Password
The Storage Device Password is to set a password in the storage device separate from the Supervisor Password.
Tip:
• Some storage devices may not support password setting.
•
For the models equipped with two storage devices, you can set a password for each device. If passwords are 
set for both devices, the password input window appears twice during the booting process. The order in which 
the password input windows appears is according to the [Boot Priority Order]  of the [Boot]  menu.
!
Caution:
If you lose the password for a storage device, you cannot recover the storage device.
• Please note that replacement of a storage device due to the loss of the password of the storage device is 
excluded from the product warranty.
182

--- Page 183 ---
1. Execute the System Setup screen, go to [Security]  > [Storage Security Features]  using the arrow keys and press 
the [Enter] key.
2. Go to the desired device and press the [Enter] key.
3. Press the [Enter] key in [Set Password].
4. When the Password Setting screen appears, enter a password and press the [Enter] key.
The password should not exceed 12 characters and should consist of English letters (A - Z), numbers (0 - 9), and 
special characters or a combination of them.
183

--- Page 184 ---
5. When a pop-up window appears, press the [Enter] key.
6. To save the changes in system setup, press [F10]. When a pop-up window appears, select [Yes]  and press the 
[Enter] key.
7. The PC will restart.
Installing the Driver
You can use LG Update & Renew  to install the deleted drivers or the latest drivers easily and quickly.
1. Select the Start button [ ] > [All apps] and run [LG Update & Renew].
2. Install a driver in the [Update] menu.
184

--- Page 185 ---
Tip:
Use LG Update & Renew  to keep your system current and optimized.
The figures herein are subject to change without prior notice.
How to Download LG Update & Renew
You can download and install LG Update & Renew  from LG Electronics website (www.lg.com).
Setting Auto Scaling
The Windows Auto Scaling  feature for user's convenience may partially blur the screen or display some icons and texts 
larger.
Refer to the following information to change the DPI scaling to suit your needs.
1. Select the Start button [ ] > [Settings].
Tip:
Press the [ ] key or [Ctrl] + [Esc] on the keyboard to display the Start screen.
2. Select [System]  > [Display].
3. Changing the [Scale]  item value changes the auto scaling settings.
185

--- Page 186 ---
Tip:
After changing the Auto Scaling settings, some apps must be shut down and restarted for the scaling and 
layout to take effect.
186

