Brand: LENOVO
Model: Thinkpad T14
URL: https://www.manua.ls/lenovo/thinkpad-t14/manual
Total Pages: 137
============================================================

--- Page 28 ---
Attention: The drive startup sequence in the computer you are servicing might have been changed. Be 
extremely careful during write operations such as copying, saving, or formatting. If you select an incorrect 
drive, data or programs can be overwritten.
Important notice for replacing a system board
Some components mounted on a system board are very sensitive. Improper handling of a system board can 
cause damage to those components, and may cause a system malfunction.
Attention: When handling a system board: 
•  Do not drop a system board or apply any excessive force to it.
•  Avoid rough handling of any kind.
•  Avoid bending a system board and hard pushing to prevent cracking at each Ball Grid Array (BGA) 
chipset.
How to use error codes
Use the error codes displayed on the screen to diagnose failures. If more than one error code is displayed, 
begin the diagnosis with the first error code. Whatever causes the first error code might also cause false error 
codes. If no error code is displayed, see whether the error symptom is listed in the “Symptom-to-FRU Index” 
section.
Strategy for replacing FRUs for CTO, special-bid, and standard models
This topic provides information about the model types and FRU identification.
Product definition
This topic introduces different model types and how to identify each type.
Dynamic Configure To Order (CTO) model
This model provides the ability for a customer to configure a Lenovo solution from a Web site, and have this 
configuration sent to fulfillment, where it is built and shipped directly to the customer. The machine label and 
eSupport will load these products as the 4-character MT, 4-character model, and 2-character country code. 
The model is “CTO1” and the default country code is “WW” (example: 20AACTO1WW).
Special-bid model
This model is a unique configuration that has been negotiated between Lenovo and the customer. A unique 
MTM consists of a 4-character MT, a 4-character model, and a numeric 2-character country code is provided 
to the customer to place orders (example: 20AA000955). The country code assigned is numeric and does not 
designate a specific country or region. The custom model factsheet for the MTM indicates which country the 
special-bid MTM is set up for. Special-bid offering is not generally announced.
Standard model
Standard models (fixed configuration) are announced and offered to all customers. The MTM portion of the 
machine label consists of a 4-character MT, a 4-character model, and an alphabetic 2-character country 
code. The country code assigned is alphabetic and represents a designated country or region (example: 
20AA0009UK).
22
T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 29 ---
FRU identification
To identify FRUs for a product, do the following: 
1.  Go to: 
https://support.lenovo.com/partslookup
2.  Type the Machine Type in the corresponding field to get a general FRU list, or type the Serial Number for 
more detailed FRU information.
Chapter 2. Important service information 23

--- Page 30 ---
24 T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 31 ---
Chapter 3. General checkout
This chapter presents following information:
•  “What to do first” on page 25
•  “Checkout guide” on page 26
•  “Power system checkout” on page 28
Some descriptions in this chapter might not apply to your particular computer.
Before you go to the checkout guide, be sure to read the following important notes.
Important notes:
•  Only certified trained personnel should service the computer.
•  Before replacing any FRU, read the entire page on removing and replacing FRUs.
•  When you replace FRUs, it is recommended to use new nylon-coated screws.
•  Be extremely careful during such write operations as copying, saving, or formatting. Drives in the computer 
that you are servicing sequence might have been altered. If you select an incorrect drive, data or programs might be 
overwritten.
•  Replace a FRU only with another FRU of the correct model. When you replace a FRU, ensure that the model of 
the machine and the FRU part number are correct.
•  A FRU should not be replaced because of a single, unreproducible failure. Single failures can occur for a variety 
of reasons that have nothing to do with a hardware defect, such as cosmic radiation, ESD, or software errors. 
Consider replacing a FRU only when a problem recurs. If you suspect that a FRU is defective, clear the error log and 
run the test again. If the error does not recur, do not replace the FRU.
•  Be careful not to replace a nondefective FRU.
What to do first
When you return a FRU, you must include the following information in the parts exchange form or parts return 
form that you attach to it:
1.  Name and phone number of service technician
2.  Date of service
3.  Date on which the machine failed
4.  Date of purchase
5.  Failure symptoms, error codes appearing on the display, and beep symptoms
6.  Procedure index and page number in which the failing FRU was detected
7.  Failing FRU name and part number
8.  Machine type, model number, and serial number
9.  Customer's name and address
Note: During the warranty period, the customer may be responsible for repair costs if the computer damage 
was caused by misuse, accident, modification, unsuitable physical or operating environment, or improper 
maintenance by the customer. Following is a list of some common items that are not covered under warranty 
and some symptoms that might indicate that the system was subject to stress beyond normal use.
Before checking problems with the computer, determine whether the damage is covered under the warranty 
by referring to the following list:
The following are not covered under warranty:
•  LCD panel cracked from the application of excessive force or from being dropped
•  Scratched (cosmetic) parts
© Copyright Lenovo 2020 25

--- Page 32 ---
•  Distortion, deformation, or discoloration of the cosmetic parts
•  Plastic parts, latches, pins, or connectors that have been cracked or broken by excessive force
•  Damage caused by liquid spilled into the system
•  Damage caused by the improper insertion of a PC Card or the installation of an incompatible card
•  Diskette drive damage caused by pressure on the diskette drive cover, foreign material in the drive, or the 
insertion of a diskette with multiple labels
•  Damaged or bent diskette eject button
•  Fuses blown by attachment of a nonsupported device
•  Forgotten computer password (making the computer unusable)
•  Sticky keys caused by spilling a liquid onto the keyboard
•  Use of an incorrect ac power adapter on laptop products
The following symptoms might indicate damage caused by nonwarranted activities:
•  Missing parts might be a symptom of unauthorized service or modification.
•  Check for obvious damage to a hard disk drive. If the spindle of a hard disk drive becomes noisy, the hard 
disk drive might have been dropped or subject to excessive force.
Checkout guide
Use the following procedures as a guide in identifying and correcting problems with the ThinkPad notebook 
computer.
Note: The diagnostic tests are intended to test only ThinkPad products. The use of non-ThinkPad products, 
prototype cards, or modified options can lead to false indications of errors and invalid system responses.
1.  Identify the failing symptoms in as much detail as possible.
2.  Verify the symptoms. Try to re-create the failure by running the diagnostic test or by repeating the 
operation.
Diagnosing problems
Many computer problems can be solved without outside assistance. If you experience a problem with your 
computer, the first place to start is the troubleshooting information in your computer documentation. If you 
suspect a software problem, see the documentation, including readme files and help information systems, 
that come with the operating system or program.
Lenovo Vantage is preinstalled on your computer. It supports the hardware scan function. It combines 
diagnostic tests, system information collection, security status, and support information, along with hints and 
tips for optimal system performance.
Note: If you are unable to isolate and repair the problem yourself after running the program, save and print 
the log files created by the program. You need the log files when you speak to a Lenovo technical support 
representative.
The troubleshooting information or the diagnostic programs might tell you that you need additional or 
updated device drivers or other software. You can get the latest technical information and download device 
drivers and updates from the Lenovo Support Web site at:
https://support.lenovo.com
For additional information, see the help system of the program.
Quick test programs
Run quick test programs to troubleshoot and resolve computer problems, especially when the computer 
does not have Lenovo Vantage installed.
26
T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 33 ---
To download and install a quick test program, go to https://www.lenovo.com/diags, and follow the instructions 
on the Web site.
To run a test using quick test program, do the following: 
1.  Go to the C:\SWTOOLS\ldiag directory.
2.  Double-click the lsc_lite.exe file.
3.  When the User Account Control window opens, click Yes.
4.  Select the device class to be tested.
5.  Select the devices to be tested.
6.  Select the test to be performed.
7.  Follow the instructions on the screen to start the test. When a problem is detected, information 
messages are displayed. Refer to the messages to troubleshoot the problem.
UEFI diagnostic program
A UEFI diagnostic program is preinstalled on the computer. This program enables you to view system 
information and test some hardware devices in your computer, such as memory, storage devices, the LCD, 
and system board buses.
To run the UEFI diagnostic program, do the following: 
1.  Turn on the computer. If the computer cannot be turned on, go to “Power system checkout” on page 28, 
and check the power sources. If an error code is displayed, go to “Symptom-to-FRU index” on page 37
for error code descriptions and troubleshooting hints.
2.  When the ThinkPad logo is displayed, repeatedly press and release the F10 key. The main screen of the 
UEFI diagnostic program is displayed.
3.  Follow the instructions on the screen to use the program.
The following table displays the main items of the UEFI diagnostic program. Depending on the model, the 
items might differ slightly. 
Table 1.  Items on the main screen of the UEFI diagnostic program
Tests Tools
•  Memory quick test
•  Memory extended test
•  Memory bit fade test (180 min)
•  Quick storage device test
•  LCD test
•  PCI-e test
•  Motherboard buses test
•  Exit application
•  System information
•  Generate configuration file
•  Execute from configuration file
•  Recover bad sectors tool
Note: The recover bad sectors tool is only available on computers that have hard disk drives installed.
Bootable diagnostic programs
If the computer you are servicing is not installed with the UEFI diagnostic program, you can download a 
bootable diagnostic program from the Lenovo Support Web site. The bootable diagnostic program enables 
you to view system information and test some hardware devices in your computer, such as memory, storage 
devices, the LCD, and system board buses. To use the bootable diagnostic program, you can create a 
bootable diagnostic medium using a USB device or disc.
Chapter 3. General checkout 27

--- Page 34 ---
To create a bootable diagnostic medium, do the following: 
1.  Go to 
https://www.lenovo.com/diags.
2.  Click Lenovo Bootable Diagnostics.
3.  Follow the instructions on the Web site to create a bootable diagnostic medium on a USB device or disc.
To use the diagnostic medium you have created, do one of the following: 
•  If you have created the bootable diagnostic medium on a USB device, do the following: 
1.  Attach the USB device to the computer.
2.  Turn on the computer. If the computer cannot be turned on, go to “Power system checkout” on page 
28, and check the power sources. If an error code is displayed, go to “Symptom-to-FRU index” on 
page 37 for error code descriptions and troubleshooting hints.
3.  When the ThinkPad logo is displayed, repeatedly press and release the F12 key. When the Boot Menu 
window opens, release the F12 key.
4.  Use the arrow keys to select USB HDD and then press Enter. The diagnostic program launches.
5.  Follow the instructions on the screen to use the diagnostic program.
•  If you have created the bootable diagnostic medium using a disc, do the following: 
1.  Turn on the computer. If the computer cannot be turned on, go to “Power system checkout” on page 
28, and check the power sources. If an error code is displayed, go to “Symptom-to-FRU index” on 
page 37 for error code descriptions and troubleshooting hints.
2.  Insert the disc into the optical drive.
3.  Restart the computer.
4.  When the ThinkPad logo is displayed, repeatedly press and release the F12 key. When the Boot Menu 
window opens, release the F12 key.
5.  Use the arrow keys to select ATAPI CDx (x: 0, 1, ...) and then press Enter. The diagnostic program 
launches.
6.  Follow the instructions on the screen to use the diagnostic program.
Power system checkout
To verify if a battery or an ac power adapter is functional, do the following: 
1.  Turn off the computer.
2.  Connect the ac power adapter.
3.  Turn on the computer. If the computer can be turned on, it means that either the battery or the ac power 
adapter is functional.
4.  Insert a straightened paper clip into the emergency-reset hole to reset the computer. If the computer is 
still powered on, it means that the ac power adapter is functional.
5.  Turn off the computer.
6.  Disconnect the ac power adapter and turn on the computer. If the computer can be turned on, it means 
that the battery is functional.
If you suspect a power problem, see the appropriate one of the following power supply checkouts:
•  “Checking the ac power adapter” on page 28
•  “Checking the built-in battery and operational charging” on page 29
•  “Checking the coin-cell battery” on page 29
Checking the ac power adapter
You are here because the computer fails only when the ac power adapter is used.
•  If the power problem occurs only when the docking station or the port replicator is used, replace the 
docking station or the port replicator.
28
T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 35 ---
•  If the system status indicator does not blink three times when an ac power source is connected, check the 
power cord of the ac power adapter for correct continuity and installation.
•  If the computer does not charge during operation, go to “Checking the built-in battery and operational 
charging” on page 29.
Note: Noise from the ac power adapter does not always indicate a defect.
Checking the USB-C type ac power adapter
To check the USB-C type ac power adapter, do the following: 
1.  Connect the computer to a power outlet and turn on the computer.
2.  Start Lenovo Vantage program, and then click Hardware Settings ➙ Power. The ac power adapter 
information is displayed.
Ensure that you use the USB-C type ac power adapter that is shipped with the computer to provide enough 
power to the computer. Otherwise, a message will be displayed, prompting you that the computer will not be 
charged or will be charged slowly.
Checking the built-in battery and operational charging
This computer supports only batteries specially designed for this specific system and manufactured by 
Lenovo or an authorized builder. The system does not support unauthorized batteries or batteries designed 
for other systems. If an unauthorized battery or a battery designed for another systems is installed, the 
system will not charge.
Attention: Lenovo has no responsibility for the performance or safety of unauthorized batteries, and 
provides no warranties for failures or damage arising out of their use.
Move your pointer to the battery-status icon in the Windows notification area to check the battery status. The 
battery-status icon displays the percentage of battery power remaining and how long you can use your 
computer before you must charge the battery.
To check whether the battery charges properly during operation, do the following: 
1.  Discharge the battery until the remained battery power is less than 50%.
2.  Connect the computer to ac power to charge the battery. If the battery status icon in the Windows 
notification area indicates that the battery is not charging, remove the battery and let it return to room 
temperature.
3.  Reinstall the battery. If the battery is still not charging, replace the battery.
4.  Check the battery status icon again. If the same error still exists, replace the system board.
Checking the coin-cell battery
Do the following:  
1.  Power off the computer, and unplug the ac power adapter from it.
2.  Turn the computer upside down.
3.  Remove the built-in battery (see “1090 Built-in battery” on page 82).
4.  Remove the coin-cell battery (see “1080 Coin-cell battery” on page 81).
5.  Measure the voltage of the battery. See the following figure.
Chapter 3. General checkout 29

--- Page 36 ---
Wire
Voltage (V dc)
Red +2.5 to +3.2
Black Ground
•  If the voltage is correct, replace the system board.
•  If the voltage is not correct, replace the coin-cell battery.
•  If the coin-cell battery discharges quickly after replacement, replace the system board.
30
T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 37 ---
Chapter 4. Related service information
This chapter presents following information:  
•  “Recovery overview for the Windows 10 operating system” on page 31
•  “Passwords” on page 33
•  “Power management” on page 36
•  “Symptom-to-FRU index” on page 37
Service Web site: 
When the latest maintenance diskette and the system program service diskette become available, they will 
be posted on:  
https://support.lenovo.com
Recovery overview for the Windows 10 operating system
The Windows recovery programs enable you to reset your computer or use advanced startup options.
It is recommended that you create a recovery USB drive as early as possible. Store the recovery USB drive 
as a backup or replacement for the Windows recovery programs.
For more information, see “Creating and using a recovery USB drive” on page 32.
Resetting your computer
If your computer does not perform well, you might consider resetting your computer. In the resetting 
process, you can choose to keep your files or remove them, and then reinstall the Windows operating 
system.
To reset your computer, do the following: 
Note: The graphical user interface (GUI) items of the operating system might change without notice.
1.  Open the Start menu, and then click Settings ➙ Update & Security ➙ Recovery.
2.  In the Reset this PC section, click Get started.
3.  Follow the instructions on the screen to reset your computer.
Using advanced startup options
With advanced startup options, you can change the firmware settings of the computer, change the startup 
settings of the Windows operating system, start the computer from an external device, or restore the 
Windows operating system from a system image.
To use advanced startup options, do the following: 
Note: The GUI items of the operating system might change without notice.
1.  Open the Start menu, and then click Settings ➙ Update & security ➙ Recovery.
2.  In the Advanced startup section, click Restart now ➙ Troubleshoot ➙ Advanced options.
3.  Select a startup option you want, and then follow the instructions on the screen.
© Copyright Lenovo 2020 31

--- Page 38 ---
Recovering your operating system if Windows 10 fails to start
The Windows recovery environment on your computer is capable of operating independently from the 
Windows 10 operating system. This enables you to recover or repair the operating system even if the 
Windows 10 operating system fails to start. 
After two consecutive failed boot attempts, the Windows recovery environment starts automatically. Then 
you can choose repair and recovery options by following the instructions on the screen.
Note: Ensure that your computer is connected to ac power during the recovery process.
Creating and using a recovery USB drive
You can create a recovery USB drive as a backup for the Windows recovery programs. With the recovery 
USB drive, you can troubleshoot and fix the problems even if the preinstalled Windows recovery programs 
are damaged.
Creating a recovery USB drive
The USB drive that you use to create the recovery USB drive must be at least 16 GB of storage. The actual 
USB capacity that is required depends on the size of the recovery image.
Attention: The creation process deletes anything stored on the USB drive. To avoid data loss, make a 
backup copy of all the data that you want to keep.
To create a recovery USB drive, do the following: 
Note: Ensure that your computer is connected to ac power during the following process.
1.  Connect a proper USB drive (at least 16 GB of storage).
2.  Type recovery in the search box on the taskbar. Then click Create a recovery drive.
3.  Click Yes in the User Account Control window to allow the Recovery Media Creator program to start. 
4.  In the Recovery Drive window, follow the on-screen instructions to create a recovery USB drive.
Using the recovery USB drive 
If you cannot start your computer, use the recovery USB drive to recover your computer.
To use a recovery USB drive, do the following:
Note: Ensure that your computer is connected to ac power.
1.  Connect the recovery USB drive to the computer.
2.  Turn on or restart the computer. Before the Windows operating system starts, repeatedly press the F12 
key. The Boot Menu window opens. 
3.  Select the recovery USB drive as the boot device.
4.  Select a preferred keyboard layout.
5.  Click Troubleshoot to display the optional recovery solutions.
6.  Select a corresponding recovery solution according to your situation. Then follow the instructions on the 
screen to complete the process. 
32
T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 39 ---
Passwords
As many as four passwords might be needed for a ThinkPad notebook computer: the power-on password, 
the hard disk password, the supervisor password, and the system management password.
If any of these passwords has been set, a prompt for it will be displayed on the screen whenever the 
computer is turned on. The computer does not start until the password is entered.
Note: If only a supervisor password is set, the password prompt will not be displayed when the operating 
system is started.
Power-on password
A power-on password protects the system from being turned on by an unauthorized person. The password 
must be entered before the operating system can be started. For instructions on how to remove the power- 
on password, see “How to remove the power-on password” on page 34.
Hard disk password
There are two hard disk passwords:
•  User hard disk password - for the user
•  Master hard disk password - for the system administrator, who can use it to get access to the hard disk 
even if the user has changed the user hard disk password.
Note: There are two modes for the hard disk password: User only and Master + User. The Master + User 
mode requires two hard disk passwords; the system administrator enters both in the same operation. The 
system administrator then provides the user hard disk password to the system user.
Attention: If the user hard disk password has been forgotten, check whether a master hard disk password 
has been set. If a master hard disk password has been set, it can be used to access the hard disk drive. If no 
master hard disk password is available, neither Lenovo nor Lenovo authorized service technicians provide 
any services to reset either the user hard disk password or the master hard disk password, or to recover data 
from the hard disk drive. The hard disk drive can be replaced for a scheduled fee.
For instructions on how to remove the hard disk password, see “How to remove the hard disk password” on 
page 35.
Supervisor password
The supervisor password protects the system information stored in the ThinkPad Setup program. It provides 
the following security features: 
•  If only a supervisor password is set, a password prompt is displayed when you try to start the ThinkPad 
Setup program. Unauthorized users cannot change most of the system configuration options in the 
ThinkPad Setup program without the password.
•  The system administrator can use the supervisor password to access a computer even if the user of that 
computer has set a power-on password. The supervisor password overrides the power-on password.
•  The system administrator can set the same supervisor password on many ThinkPad notebook computers 
to make administration easier. 
Attention: If the supervisor password has been forgotten and cannot be made available to the service 
technician, there is no service procedure to reset the password. The system board must be replaced for a 
scheduled fee.
Chapter 4. Related service information 33

--- Page 40 ---
System management password
The system management password can also protect the system information stored in UEFI BIOS like a 
supervisor password, but it has lower authority by default. The system management password can be set 
through the UEFI BIOS menu or through Windows Management Instrumentation (WMI) with the Lenovo 
client-management interface.
You can enable the system management password to have the same authority as the supervisor password 
to control security related features. To customize the authority of the system management password through 
the UEFI BIOS menu: 
1.  Enter the UEFI BIOS menu.
Note: When prompted to enter the password, enter the correct supervisor password if a supervisor 
password has been set, or enter the correct system management password if no supervisor password 
has been set. Otherwise, you cannot change the configurations in the following steps.
2.  Select Security ➙ Password ➙ System Management Password Access Control.
3.  Follow the on-screen instructions.
If you have set both the supervisor password and the system management password, the supervisor 
password overrides the system management password. If you have set both the system management 
password and the power-on password, the system management password overrides the power-on 
password.
How to remove the power-on password
To remove the power-on password, do one of the following:
If no supervisor password has been set, do the following to remove the power-on password:
1.  Turn off the computer.
2.  Remove the battery. For instructions on how to remove the battery , see “1090 Built-in battery” on page 
82.
3.  Remove the coin-cell battery. For instructions on how to remove the coin-cell battery, see “1080 Coin- 
cell battery” on page 81.
4.  Turn on the computer and wait until the POST ends. After the POST ends, the password prompt will not 
be displayed. The power-on password has been removed.
5.  Reinstall the coin-cell battery and the battery.
If a supervisor password or a system management password has been set and is known to the service 
technician, do the following to remove the power-on password:
1.  Turn on the computer.
2.  When the ThinkPad logo is displayed, immediately press F1.
3.  Type the supervisor password or the system management password to enter the ThinkPad Setup 
program.
4.  Select Security.
5.  Select Password.
6.  Select Power-On Password.
7.  Type the current supervisor password or the system management password in the Enter Current 
Password field. Then, leave the Enter New Password field blank, and press Enter twice.
8.  In the Changes have been saved window, press Enter.
9.  Press F10 to save changes and exit the ThinkPad Setup program.
34
T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 41 ---
How to remove the hard disk password
Attention: If User only mode is selected and the user hard disk password has been forgotten and cannot be 
made available to the service technician, neither Lenovo nor Lenovo authorized service technicians provide 
any services to reset the user hard disk password, or to recover data from the hard disk drive. The hard disk 
drive can be replaced for a scheduled fee. To put the system back to operational status, the only Lenovo and 
Lenovo-authorized service solution would be to replace the hard disk drive or solid-state drive with a 
scheduled fee. 
To remove a user hard disk password that has been forgotten, when the supervisor password and the 
master hard disk password are known, do the following:
1.  Turn on the computer.
2.  When the ThinkPad logo is displayed, immediately press F1 to enter the ThinkPad Setup program.
3.  Select Security.
4.  Select Password.
5.  Select Hard-disk x password where x is the letter of the hard disk drive. A pop-up window opens.
6.  Select Master HDP, where HDP stands for hard disk password.
7.  Type the current master hard disk password in the Enter Current Password field. Then, leave the Enter 
New Password field blank, and press Enter twice.
8.  Press F10 to save changes and exit the ThinkPad Setup program. The user hard disk password and the 
master hard disk password have been removed.
How to remove the system management password
To remove a system management password, do the following:
If no supervisor password has been set, do the following to remove the system management password:
1.  Turn off the computer and disconnect ac power.
2.  Disable the built-in battery. See “Disabling the built-in battery” on page 72.
3.  Remove the base cover assembly. See “1020 Base cover assembly” on page 74.
4.  Remove the built-in battery. See “1090 Built-in battery” on page 82.
5.  Remove the coin-cell battery. See “1080 Coin-cell battery” on page 81.
6.  Reinstall the coin-cell battery.
7.  Reinstall the built-in battery.
8.  Reinstall the base cover assembly.
9.  Reconnect ac power.
10.  Turn on the computer and wait until the POST ends. After the POST ends, the password prompt does 
not appear. The system management password has been removed.
If a supervisor password has been set and is known to the service technician, do the following to remove the 
system management password:
1.  Turn on the computer.
2.  When the ThinkPad logo is displayed, immediately press F1.
3.  Type the supervisor password to enter the ThinkPad Setup program.
4.  Select Security.
5.  Select Password.
6.  Select System Management Password.
7.  Type the current supervisor password in the Enter Current Password field. Then leave the Enter New 
Password field blank, and press Enter twice.
Chapter 4. Related service information 35

--- Page 42 ---
8.  In the Changes have been saved window, press Enter.
9.  Press F10 to save changes and exit the ThinkPad Setup program. The system management password 
has been removed.
Power management
To reduce power consumption, the computer has two power management modes: sleep and hibernation.
Sleep mode
When the computer enters sleep mode, the following events occur:
•  The LCD is powered off.
•  The hard disk drive or solid-state drive is powered off.
•  The microprocessor stops.
To put your computer into sleep mode, open the Start menu, click 
Power, and then click Sleep.
In certain circumstances, the computer goes into sleep mode automatically: 
•  After a period of inactivity specified in power plan settings
•  When the battery power is low
To cause the computer to return from sleep mode and resume operation, do one of the following:
•  Press any key.
•  Open the LCD cover.
•  Turn on the power button.
Also, in either of the following events, the computer automatically returns from sleep mode and resumes 
operation:
•  The ring indicator (RI) is signaled by a serial device or a PC Card device.
•  The time set on the resume timer elapses.  
Note: The computer does not accept any input immediately after it enters sleep mode. Wait a few 
seconds before taking any action to reenter operation mode.
Hibernation mode
In hibernation mode, the following occurs: 
•  The system status, RAM, VRAM, and setup data are stored on the hard disk drive or solid-state drive.
•  The system is powered off.
Note: If the computer enters the hibernation mode while it is connected to the dock, do not disconnect it 
before resuming normal operation. If you do disconnect it and then try to resume normal operation, you will 
get an error message, and you will have to restart the system.
If you have defined one of the following actions as the event that causes the system to go into hibernation 
mode, perform that action.  
•  Closing the lid.
•  Pressing the power button.
Also, the computer goes into hibernation mode automatically after a period of inactivity specified in power 
plan settings.
36
T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 43 ---
When the power is turned on, the computer returns from hibernation mode and resumes operation. The 
hibernation file in the boot record on the hard disk drive or solid-state drive is read, and system status is 
restored from the hard disk drive or solid-state drive.
Symptom-to-FRU index
This section contains following information:  
•  “Numeric error codes” on page 37
•  “Error messages” on page 39
•  “Beep errors” on page 39
•  “No-beep symptoms” on page 41
•  “LCD-related symptoms” on page 41
•  “Intermittent problems” on page 42
•  “Undetermined problems” on page 42
The symptom-to-FRU index in this section lists symptoms and errors and their possible causes. The most 
likely cause is listed first, in boldface type.
Note: Do the FRU replacement or other actions in the sequence shown in the column headed “FRU or 
action, in sequence.” If replacing a FRU does not solve the problem, put the original part back in the 
computer. Do not replace a nondefective FRU.
This index can also help you determine, during regular servicing, what FRUs are likely to need to be replaced 
next.
A numeric error is displayed for each error detected in POST or system operation. In the displays, n can be 
any number.
If no numeric code is displayed, check the narrative descriptions of symptoms. If the symptom is not 
described there, go to “Intermittent problems” on page 42.
Note: For a device not supported by diagnostic codes in the ThinkPad notebooks, see the manual for that 
device.
Numeric error codes
Table 2.  Numeric error codes
Symptom or error (beeps, if any)
FRU or action, in sequence
0177 
Bad SVP data, stop POST task—The checksum of the 
supervisor password in the EEPROM is not correct.
Replace the system board.
0183 
Bad CRC of Security Settings in EFI Variable. Enter the 
ThinkPad Setup program. – The checksum of the Security 
settings in the EFI Variable is not correct.
1.  Run the ThinkPad Setup program. The settings 
will be corrected automatically. Then save the 
current settings by pressing F10.
2.  Replace the system board.
0187 
EAIA data access error - The access to EEPROM is failed. 
Replace the system board.
0188 
Invalid RFID Serialization Information Area.
Replace the system board.
0189 
Invalid RFID configuration information area - The 
EEPROM checksum is not correct. 
Replace the system board.
Chapter 4. Related service information 37

--- Page 44 ---
Table 2. Numeric error codes (continued)
Symptom or error (beeps, if any)
FRU or action, in sequence
0190 
Critical low-battery error
1.  Charge the battery.
2.  Replace the battery.
0191 
System Security - Invalid Remote Change requested.
1.  Run the ThinkPad Setup program, and then save 
current setting by pressing F10.
2.  Replace the system board.
0199 
System Security - Security password retry count 
exceeded.
1.  Run the ThinkPad Setup program. The retry count 
will be reset. Then save the current settings by 
pressing F10.
2.  Replace the system board.
0251 
System CMOS checksum bad - Default configuration 
used. 
1.  Charge the coin-cell battery for more than 8 hours 
by connecting the ac power adapter.
2.  Replace the coin-cell battery and run the ThinkPad 
Setup program to reset the time and date.
0271 
Real-Time Clock Error. Check Date and Time settings. 
1.  Run ThinkPad Setup to reset the time and date
2.  Replace the coin-cell battery and run the ThinkPad 
Setup program to reset the time and date.
1802 
Unauthorized network card is plugged in - Turn off and 
remove the network card.
1.  Remove the network card.
2.  Replace the system board.
1820 
More than one external fingerprint reader is attached. 
Power off and remove all but the reader that you set up 
within your main operating system.
Remove all but the reader that you set up for the 
authentication
2000 
ThinkVantage Active Protection sensor diagnostics failed.
Have the computer serviced.
2100 
Detection error on Main HDD (HDD0)
1.  Reseat the M.2 solid-state drive.
2.  Replace the M.2 solid-state drive.
3.  Replace the system board.
2101 
Detection error on Main HDD (HDD0)
1.  Reseat the M.2 solid-state drive.
2.  Replace the M.2 solid-state drive.
3.  Replace the system board.
2110 
Read error on M.2 Main Slot (HDD0)
1.  Reseat the M.2 solid-state drive.
2.  Replace the M.2 solid-state drive.
3.  Replace the system board.
2111 
Read error on M.2 Main Slot (HDD0)
1.  Reseat the M.2 solid-state drive.
2.  Replace the M.2 solid-state drive.
3.  Replace the system board.
2200 
Machine Type and Serial Number are invalid.
Replace the system board.
2201 
Machine UUID is invalid
Replace the system board.
2202 
Brand Name is invalid.
Have the computer serviced.
38 T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 45 ---
Table 2. Numeric error codes (continued)
Symptom or error (beeps, if any)
FRU or action, in sequence
2203 
System configuration is invalid.
Have the computer serviced.
2204 
System configuration data is invalid.
Have the computer serviced.
Error messages
Table 3.  Error messages
Symptom or error (beeps, if any) FRU or action, in sequence
Fan error. 
(two short beeps)
1.  Replace the fan.
2.  Apply thermal grease.
3.  Replace the system board.
Thermal sensing error. Replace the system board.
The battery installed is not supported by this system and 
will not charge.  
Please replace the battery with the correct Lenovo battery 
for this system. 
Press the ESC key to continue.
Replace the battery.
This system does not support batteries that are not 
genuine Lenovo-made or authorized. The system will 
continue to boot, but may not charge unauthorized 
batteries.
Attention: Lenovo has no responsibility for the 
performance or safety of unauthorized batteries, and 
provides no warranties for failures or damage arising out 
of their use.
Replace the battery.
Beep errors
Lenovo SmartBeep technology enables you to decode beep errors with your smartphone when a black 
screen occurs with beeps from your computer. To decode the beep error with Lenovo SmartBeep 
technology, do the following: 
1.  Go to 
https://support.lenovo.com/smartbeep or scan the following QR Code. 
2.  Download the proper diagnostic app and install it on your smartphone.
3.  Run the diagnostic app and place the smartphone near the computer. 
4.  Press the Fn key on your computer to emit the beep again. The diagnostic app decodes the beep error 
and shows possible solutions on the smartphone. 
Chapter 4. Related service information 39

--- Page 46 ---
The following section describes some beep errors and the corresponding solutions.  
Note: Do not attempt to service a product yourself unless instructed to do so by the Customer Support 
Center or product documentation. Only use a Lenovo-authorized service provider to repair your product. 
Error codes
Solutions
0001: Reset error (platform reset not de-asserted)
1.  Remove the ac power adapter and the removable 
battery if your computer has one. Then, reset the 
computer by doing one of the following: 
•  For models with the emergency-reset hole, 
insert a straightened paper clip into the 
emergency-reset hole. Wait for one minute. 
Then, reconnect all power resources and restart 
the computer.
•  For models without the emergency-reset hole, 
press and hold the power button for about 
seven seconds. Then, reconnect to all power 
resources and restart the computer.
2.  Replace the system board (service provider only).
0002: Internal bus error
Replace the system board (service provider only).
0281: General embedded controller error
Replace the system board (service provider only).
0282: Memory module error
1.  Reinstall or replace the memory module.
2.  Replace the system board (service provider only).
0283: PCI resource error
1.  Remove PCIe devices (the M.2 card, PCIe card, 
and so on) (service provider only).
2.  Replace the system board (service provider only).
0284: TCG-compliant functionality-related error (might be 
the BIOS code validation failure)
Replace the system board (service provider only).
0285: TCG-compliant functionality-related error (might be 
the TPM initialization failure)
Replace the system board (service provider only).
0286: Integrated graphics error
Replace the system board (service provider only).
0287: Discrete graphics error
1.  Reinstall or replace the discrete graphics card 
(service provider only).
2.  Replace the system board (service provider only).
0288: Computer display error
1.  Reconnect the display cable on both the system 
board side and the computer display side (service 
provider only).
2.  Replace the system board (service provider only).
40 T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 47 ---
No-beep symptoms
Table 4.  No-beep symptoms
Symptom or error FRU or action, in sequence
No beep, power-on indicator on, LCD blank, and no 
POST.
1.  Run LCD Self Test.
2.  Ensure that every connector is connected tightly and 
correctly.
3.  Reseat memory module.
4.  Replace the system board.
No beep, power-on indicator on, and LCD blank during 
POST.
1.  Run LCD Self Test.
2.  Reseat memory module.
3.  Replace the system board.
The power-on password prompt appears. A power-on password or a supervisor password is set. 
Type the password and press Enter.
The hard-disk password prompt appears. A hard-disk password is set. Type the password and 
press Enter.
LCD-related symptoms
Important:  The TFT LCD for the notebook computer contains many thin-film transistors (TFTs). The 
presence of a small number of dots that are missing, discolored, or always lighted is characteristic of TFT 
LCD technology, but excessive pixel problems can cause viewing concerns.
If the LCD you are servicing has two or less visible defective pixels, it should not be considered faulty. 
However, if the LCD has three or more visible defective pixels, it will be deemed as defective by Lenovo and 
it should be replaced.
Notes: 
•  This policy applies to all ThinkPad Notebooks purchased on 1 January, 2008 or later.
•  Lenovo will not provide warranty replacement if the LCD is within specifications because we cannot 
guarantee that any replacement LCD will have zero pixel defects.
•  One pixel consists of R, G, B sub-pixels.
LCD Self Test
When you turn on the computer and the LCD goes black, run LCD Self Test to help you determine whether 
the LCD functions normally.
To run LCD Self Test: 
1.  Ensure that the computer is connected to ac power. Then, press the power button for about seven 
seconds to turn off the computer.
2.  Press Fn, left Ctrl, and the power button at the same time. If the computer displays five solid colors in 
sequence across the entire screen, it indicates that the LCD functions normally.
3.  The test lasts for about 20 seconds and then exits automatically. You also can press the power button to 
exit the test.
Chapter 4. Related service information 41

--- Page 48 ---
Table 5.  LCD-related symptoms
Symptom or error
FRU or action, in sequence
No beep, power-on indicator on, and a blank LCD during 
POST.
1.  Run LCD Self Test.
2.  Replace the system board.
•  LCD backlight not working.
•  LCD too dark.
•  LCD brightness cannot be adjusted.
•  LCD contrast cannot be adjusted.
1.  Reseat the LCD connectors.
2.  Replace the LCD assembly.
3.  Replace the system board.
•  LCD screen unreadable.
•  Characters missing pixels.
•  Screen abnormal.
•  Wrong color displayed.
1.  See important note for “LCD-related symptoms.”
2.  Reseat all LCD connectors.
3.  Replace the LCD assembly.
4.  Replace the system board.
Horizontal or vertical lines displayed on LCD. Replace the LCD assembly.
Intermittent problems
Intermittent system hang problems can be due to a variety of causes that have nothing to do with a hardware 
defect, such as cosmic radiation, ESD, or software errors. FRU replacement should be considered only when 
a problem recurs.
When analyzing an intermittent problem, do the following:
1.  Run the diagnostic test for the system board in loop mode at least 10 times.
2.  If no error is detected, do not replace any FRUs.
3.  If any error is detected, replace the FRU shown by the FRU code. Rerun the test to verify that no more 
errors exist.
Undetermined problems
If the diagnostic tests did not identify the device that has failed, if wrong devices are installed, or if the 
system simply is not operating, follow these procedures to isolate the failing FRU (do not isolate FRUs that 
have no defects).
Verify that all attached devices are supported by the computer.
Verify that the power supply being used at the time of the failure is operating correctly. (See “Power system 
checkout” on page 28) 
1.  Turn off the computer.
2.  Visually check each FRU for damage. Replace any damaged FRU.
3.  Remove or disconnect all of the following devices: 
a.  Non-ThinkPad devices
b.  Devices attached to the dock
c.  Printer, mouse, and other external devices
d.  Battery
e.  Hard disk drive or solid-state drive
f.  External diskette drive or optical drive
g.  Memory module
4.  Turn on the computer.
5.  Determine whether the problem has been solved.
6.  If the problem does not recur, reconnect the removed devices one at a time until you find the failing FRU.
7.  If the problem remains, replace the following FRUs one at a time (do not replace a nondefective FRU): 
a.  System board
42
T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 49 ---
b.  LCD assembly
Chapter 4. Related service information 43

--- Page 50 ---
44 T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 51 ---
Chapter 5. Special keys
The following table describes the functions of function keys and key combinations.
Table 6.  Special keys
Special key
Description
Switch the function of the F1–F12 keys between the standard function and special function printed 
as an icon on each key.
When the Fn Lock indicator is on: 
•  Press F1-F12 to use the standard function.
•  Press Fn+F1-F12 to use the special function.
When the Fn Lock indicator is off: 
•  Press Fn+F1-F12 to use the standard function.
•  Press F1-F12 to use the special function.
Mute or unmute the speakers.
When the key indicator is on, the speakers are muted.
If you mute the speakers and turn off your computer, the speakers remain muted when you turn on 
your computer.
Decrease the speaker volume.
Increase the speaker volume.
Mute or unmute the microphones.
When the key indicator is on, the microphones are muted.
Darken the computer display.
Brighten the computer display.
Manage external displays.
Enable or disable the built-in wireless features.
Open or collapse the notification center.
Answer incoming calls.
This function only works with some apps, such as Skype for Business 2016 and Microsoft Teams 
1.0. 
By default, the function works with Skype for Business 2016. You can change the default setting on 
Lenovo Vantage.
© Copyright Lenovo 2020 45

--- Page 52 ---
Table 6. Special keys (continued)
Special key
Description
Decline incoming calls.
This function only works with some apps, such as Skype for Business 2016 and Microsoft Teams 
1.0. 
By default, the function works with Skype for Business 2016. You can change the default setting on 
Lenovo Vantage.
Note: You can also press F11 to hang up ongoing calls on Skype for Business 2016.
Invoke the function defined by yourself.
Open Lenovo Vantage and you can define different functions for the F12 key.
Open the Snipping Tool program.
Fn+Spacebar
Switch between different keyboard backlight statuses if your computer supports keyboard 
backlight.
Fn+B
Equal the Break key on a conventional external keyboard.
Fn+K
Equal the ScrLK or Scroll Lock key on a conventional external keyboard.
Fn+P
Equal the Pause key on a conventional external keyboard.
Fn+S
Equal the SysRq key on a conventional external keyboard.
Fn+4
Put the computer to sleep mode. To wake up the computer, press Fn or the power button.
Fn+D
If your computer supports the PrivacyGuard feature, press Fn+D to enable or disable the feature.
Fn+Left arrow 
key
Equal the Home key.
Fn+Right arrow 
key
Equal the End key.
46 T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 53 ---
Chapter 6. Locations
Locating computer controls, connectors, and indicators
This topic introduces the locations of the computer controls, connectors, and indicators.
Note: ThinkPad T14 Gen 1 might be shipped with different microprocessors, namely Intel
® 
and Advanced 
Micro Devices (AMD). Hereby Intel models and AMD models are used to distinguish computer models with 
different microprocessors.
Front
1. Infrared LED* 4. Microphones*
2. Camera with IR function* 5. Camera*
3. ThinkShutter* 6. Multi-touch screen*
* for selected models
© Copyright Lenovo 2020 47

--- Page 54 ---
Base
T14 Gen 1 (for models without FRID) and P14s Gen 1
T14 Gen 1 (for models with RFID)
1. Power button 5. TrackPoint
® 
pointing device
2. Fingerprint reader* 6. Speakers
3. Trackpad 7. RFID label
4. NFC label (for selected Intel models)
* for selected models
48
T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 55 ---
Left
Intel models
AMD models
1. USB-C
™ 
(3.2 Gen 1) connector  5. USB 3.2 connector Gen 1
2. USB-C (3.2 Gen 2) connector  6. HDMI™ connector
3. Thunderbolt
™ 
3 connector (USB-C)
7. Audio connector
4. Docking-station connector 8. microSD card slot
Chapter 6. Locations 49

--- Page 56 ---
Right
1. Smart-card slot*
3. Ethernet connector
2. Always On USB 3.2 connector Gen 1 4. Security-lock slot
* for selected models
Bottom
1. Docking-station hook holes 3. Emergency-reset hole
2. Keyboard drainage hole
50 T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 57 ---
Rear
1. Nano-SIM-card tray* 2. System status indicator
* for selected models
Locating FRUs and CRUs
This topic introduces the following service parts:
•  “Major FRUs and CRUs” on page 52
•  “LCD FRUs” on page 55
•  “Miscellaneous parts” on page 57
•  “Connector and cable guide” on page 57
Notes: 
•  Each FRU is available for all types or models, unless otherwise specified.
•  CRU statement for customers: 
You can resolve some problems with your product with a replacement part you can install yourself, called a 
“Customer Replaceable Unit” or “CRU.” Some CRUs are designated as self-service CRUs and others are 
designated as optional-service CRUs. Installation of self-service CRUs is your responsibility. For optional-service 
CRUs, you can either install the CRU yourself or you can request that a Service Provider install the CRU according to 
the warranty service for your product. If you intend on installing the CRU, Lenovo will ship the CRU to you. CRU 
information and replacement instructions are shipped with your product and are available from Lenovo at any time 
upon request. You can find a list of CRUs for your product in this Hardware Maintenance Manual. An electronic 
version of this manual can be found at 
https://support.lenovo.com. Click Documentation and then follow the on- 
screen instructions to find the manual for your product. You might be required to return the defective CRU. When 
return is required: (1) return instructions, a prepaid shipping label, and a container will be included with the 
replacement CRU; and (2) you might be charged for the replacement CRU if Lenovo does not receive the defective 
CRU within thirty (30) days of your receipt of the replacement CRU. See your Lenovo Limited Warranty 
documentation for full details.
ThinkPad computers contain the following types of CRUs and FRUs:  
–  Self-service CRUs: Refer to parts that can be installed or replaced easily by customer themselves or by trained 
service technicians at an additional cost.
–  Optional-service CRUs: Refer to parts that can be installed or replaced by customers with a greater skill level. 
Trained service technicians can also provide service to install or replace the parts under the type of warranty 
designated for the customer’s machine.
–  FRUs: Refer to parts that must be installed or replaced only by trained service technicians. If customers choose 
to replace the FRUs by themselves, the product warranty might be affected.
Chapter 6. Locations 51

--- Page 58 ---
Major FRUs and CRUs
d
a
b
c
Note: Depending on the computer model, your computer might look different from the illustration above.
Table 7.  Major FRUs and CRUs
No. FRU description
Self-service CRU Optional-service CRU
1
LCD unit
No No
2
Speaker assembly No Yes
3
Power button board with cable No No
52 T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 59 ---
Table 7. Major FRUs and CRUs (continued)
No. FRU description
Self-service CRU Optional-service CRU
4
Power button No No
5
Keyboard bezel assembly No No
6
Ethernet card  No No
7
Ethernet card cable No No
8
Always On USB 3.2 connector Gen 1 board cable
No No
9
MIMO wireless-WAN antenna assembly*
No No
10
Always On USB 3.2 connector Gen 1 board
No Yes
11
Smart card reader cable*
No No
12
Dummy smart card reader* No No
13
Smart card reader*
No No
14
RFID reader* No No
15
RFID reader cable* No No
16
Wireless WAN card* No Yes
17
M.2 2280 solid-state drive* No Yes
18
M.2 2242 solid-state drive* No Yes
19
Wireless LAN card No No
20
Base cover assembly No Yes
21
Nano-SIM-card tray* Yes No
22
Coin-cell battery No Yes
23
Built-in battery No No
24
System board
No No
25
Hall sensor board with cable No No
26
Memory module* No Yes
27
Thermal fan assembly No No
28
NFC antenna* No No
29
NFC module*
No No
30
NFC cable*
No No
31
Thermal pad for the wireless WAN card* No No
32
Fingerprint reader bracket* (for models with FRID)
No No
33
Fingerprint reader module* (for models with FRID)
No No
34
Fingerprint reader cable* (for models with FRID)
No No
35
Fingerprint reader module*  No No
36
Fingerprint reader cable*  No No
37
Trackpad No No
38
Trackpad cable No No
Chapter 6. Locations 53

--- Page 60 ---
Table 7. Major FRUs and CRUs (continued)
No. FRU description
Self-service CRU Optional-service CRU
39
Keyboard No Yes
a
Lenovo factory recovery USB key* No No
b
Miscellaneous parts kits (see “Miscellaneous 
parts” on page 57)
No No
c
Power cord Yes No
d
ac power adapter Yes No
* for selected models
Note: The Lenovo factory recovery USB key is used to restore the Microsoft Windows operating system. It 
might not come with the computer, and a user might order it from 
https://pcsupport.lenovo.com/ 
lenovorecovery
, though additional shipping and handling fees might apply.
54
T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 61 ---
LCD FRUs
Table 8.  LCD FRUs
No. FRU description Self-service CRU Optional-service CRU
1
LCD bezel sheet
No No
2
LCD bezel
No No
3
LCD panel
No No
4
LCD hinges No No
5
Microphone board* No No
6
Conventional camera/mic combo board*
No No
Chapter 6. Locations 55

--- Page 62 ---
Table 8. LCD FRUs (continued)
No. FRU description
Self-service CRU Optional-service CRU
7
Infrared camera/mic combo board*
No No
8
Dummy camera board* No No
9
Mic rubbers No No
10
LCD elastic adhesive tapes
No No
11
LCD cover assembly  No No
12
Wireless LAN/WAN antenna assembly*
No No
13
Conventional camera/LED cable*
No No
14
LED cable* No No
15
Infrared camera/LED cable*
No No
16
LCD cable
No No
* for selected models
56
T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 63 ---
Miscellaneous parts
Table 9.  Miscellaneous part
FRU descriptions Self-service CRU  Optional-service 
CRU
Screw kit:  
•  Screw M2 x L0.5 + 2.5, black (1)
•  Screw M2 x L2, black (4)
•  Screw M2 x L2.5, black (7)
•  Screw M2 x L3, black (1)
•  Screw M2 x L3, silver (4)
•  Screw M2 x L4, black (9)
•  Screw M2 x L4, silver (4)
•  Screw M2.2 x L2.2 + 2.3, black (2)
•  Screw M2.5 x L2.5, silver (4)
•  Screw M2.5 x L4, black (4)
•  Spec
No No
Mechanical miscellaneous kit: 
•  Always On USB 3.2 connector Gen 1 board bracket
•  Ethernet card bracket
•  Fingerprint reader bracket
•  I/O bracket
•  M.2 2242 solid-state drive bracket
•  Mylar for the memory module
•  Mylar for the wireless WAN card
•  Thermal pad for the M.2 2242 solid-state drive
•  Thermal pad for the M.2 2280 solid-state drive
•  Spec
No No
Label kit: 
•  GEO label
•  Spec
No No
Connector and cable guide
This topic provides information to help Lenovo authorized service technicians identify connectors and cables 
for replacement purpose. To view each FRU and the exploded illustration of the computer, see “Major FRUs 
and CRUs” on page 52 and “LCD FRUs” on page 55.
Note: Depending on your computer model, some connectors or cables might not be available.
Chapter 6. Locations 57

--- Page 64 ---
System board connectors and cables (for Intel models without RFID)
Table 10.  System board connector and cable guide
Item
Connector (location)
Internal cable required
Cable connection
1
Camera/LED connector (internal)
Camera/LED cable
Connect one end of the cable to 
the camera/mic combo board and 
the other end to this connector.
2
Power button board connector 
(internal)
Power button board cable
The power button board comes 
with the cable. Connect the cable 
to this connector.
3
Ethernet card connector (internal)
Ethernet card cable
Connect one end of the Ethernet 
card cable to the Ethernet card 
board and the other end to this 
connector.
4
Speaker assembly connector 
(internal)
Speaker assembly cable
The speaker assembly comes with 
a cable. Connect the cable to this 
connector.
5
LCD connector (internal)
LCD cable
Connect one end of the LCD cable 
to the LCD panel and the other end 
to this connector.
6
USB-C connector (external)
No
Connect USB-C compatible 
devices or a USB-C power adapter 
to this connector.
58 T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 65 ---
Table 10. System board connector and cable guide (continued)
Item
Connector (location)
Internal cable required
Cable connection
7
Wireless-WAN-card slot (internal)
No
Insert the wireless WAN card into 
this slot.
8
Thunderbolt 3 connector (USB-C) 
(external)
No
Connect a USB-C compatible 
device or a Thunderbolt 3 
compatible device to this 
connector.
9
Docking-station connector 
(external)
No
Connect a supported docking 
station to your computer through 
this connector.
10
M.2 solid-state drive connector 
(internal)
No
Insert the M.2 solid-state drive into 
this slot.
11
USB 3.2 connector Gen 1 
(external)
No
Connect USB-compatible devices 
to this connector.
12
HDMI connector (external)
No
Connect a compatible digital audio 
device or video monitor to this 
connector.
13
Audio connector (external)
No
Connect headphones or a headset 
with 3.5-mm (0.14-inch) 4-pole 
plug to this connector.
14
Coin-cell battery connector 
(internal)
Coin-cell battery cable
The coin-cell battery comes with a 
cable. Connect the cable to this 
connector.
15
NFC connector (internal)
NFC cable
Connect one end of the cable to 
the NFC module and the other end 
to this connector.
16
Hall sensor board connector 
(internal)
Hall sensor board cable
The hall sensor board comes with 
a cable. Connect the cable to this 
connector.
17
Built-in battery connector (internal)  Built-in battery cable
The built-in battery comes with a 
cable. Connect the cable to this 
connector.
18
Trackpad connector (internal) Trackpad cable
Connect one end of the cable to 
the trackpad and the other end to 
this connector.
19
Fingerprint reader connector 
(internal)
Fingerprint reader cable
Connect one end of the cable to 
the fingerprint reader and the other 
end to this connector.
20
Memory module slot (internal)
No
Insert the memory module into this 
slot.
21
Smart card reader connector 
(internal)
Smart card reader cable
Connect one end of the cable to 
the smart card reader and the 
other end to this connector.
22
Always On USB 3.2 connector 
Gen 1 board connector (internal)
Always On USB 3.2 connector Gen 
1 board cable
Connect one end of the cable to 
the Always On USB 3.2 connector 
Gen 1 board and the other end to 
this connector.
Chapter 6. Locations 59

--- Page 66 ---
Table 10. System board connector and cable guide (continued)
Item
Connector (location)
Internal cable required
Cable connection
23
Thermal fan connector (internal) Thermal fan assembly cable
The thermal fan assembly comes 
with a cable. Connect the cable to 
this connector.
24 
25
Keyboard connectors (internal) Keyboard assembly cables
The keyboard assembly comes 
with the cables. Connect the 
cables to these connectors.
26
Nano-SIM-card slot (external)
No
Install a nano-SIM card into the 
nano-SIM card tray. Then, insert 
the tray with the card into this slot.
System board connectors and cables (for Intel models with RFID)
Table 11.  System board connector and cable guide
Item
Connector (location)
Internal cable required
Cable connection
1
Camera/LED connector (internal)
Camera/LED cable
Connect one end of the cable to 
the camera/mic combo board and 
the other end to this connector.
2
Power button board connector 
(internal)
Power button board cable
The power button board comes 
with a cable. Connect the cable to 
this connector.
60 T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 67 ---
Table 11. System board connector and cable guide (continued)
Item
Connector (location)
Internal cable required
Cable connection
3
Ethernet card board connector 
(internal)
Ethernet card cable
Connect one end of the Ethernet 
card cable to the Ethernet card 
and the other end to this 
connector.
4
Speaker assembly connector 
(internal)
Speaker assembly cable
The speaker assembly comes with 
a cable. Connect the cable to this 
connector.
5
LCD connector (internal)
LCD cable
Connect one end of the LCD cable 
to the LCD panel and the other end 
to this connector.
6
USB-C connector (external)
No
Connect USB-C compatible 
devices or a USB-C power adapter 
to this connector.
7
Wireless-WAN-card slot (internal)
No
Insert the wireless WAN card into 
this slot.
8
Thunderbolt 3 connector (USB-C) 
(external)
No
Connect a USB-C compatible 
device or a Thunderbolt 3 
compatible device to this 
connector.
9
Docking-station connector 
(external)
No
Connect a supported docking 
station to your computer through 
this connector.
10
M.2 solid-state drive connector 
(internal)
No
Insert the M.2 solid-state drive into 
this slot.
11
USB 3.2 connector Gen 1 
(external)
No
Connect USB-compatible devices 
to this connector.
12
HDMI connector (external)
No
Connect a compatible digital audio 
device or video monitor to this 
connector.
13
Audio connector (external)
No
Connect headphones or a headset 
with 3.5-mm (0.14-inch) 4-pole 
plug to this connector.
14
Coin-cell battery connector 
(internal)
Coin-cell battery cable
The coin-cell battery comes with a 
cable. Connect the cable to this 
connector.
15
RFID reader connector (internal)
RFID reader cable 
Connect one end of the cable to 
the system board, one end to 
connector 
21 , and the other end 
to this connector.
16
Hall sensor board connector 
(internal)
Hall sensor board cable
The hall sensor board comes with 
a cable. Connect the cable to this 
connector.
17
Built-in battery connector (internal)  Built-in battery cable
The built-in battery comes with a 
cable. Connect the cable to this 
connector.
18
Trackpad connector (internal) Trackpad cable
Connect one end of the cable to 
the trackpad and the other end to 
this connector.
Chapter 6. Locations 61

--- Page 68 ---
Table 11. System board connector and cable guide (continued)
Item
Connector (location)
Internal cable required
Cable connection
19
Fingerprint reader connector 
(internal)
Fingerprint reader cable
Connect one end of the cable to 
the fingerprint reader and the other 
end to this connector.
20
Memory module slot (internal)
No
Insert the memory module into this 
slot.
21
RFID reader connector (internal)
RFID reader cable 
Connect one end of the cable to 
the system board, one end to 
connector  15 , and the other end 
to this connector.
22
Always On USB 3.2 connector 
Gen 1 board connector (internal)
Always On USB 3.2 connector Gen 
1 board cable
Connect one end of the cable to 
the Always On USB 3.2 connector 
Gen 1 board and the other end to 
this connector.
23
Thermal fan connector (internal) Thermal fan assembly cable
The thermal fan assembly comes 
with a cable. Connect the cable to 
this connector.
24 
25
Keyboard connectors (internal) Keyboard assembly cables
The keyboard assembly comes 
with the cables. Connect the 
cables to these connectors.
26
Nano-SIM-card slot (external)
No
Install a nano-SIM card into the 
nano-SIM card tray. Then, insert 
the tray with the card into this slot.
62 T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 69 ---
System board connectors and cables (for AMD models)
Table 12.  System board connector and cable guide
Item
Connector (location)
Internal cable required
Cable connection
1
Camera/LED connector (internal)
Camera/LED cable
Connect one end of the cable to 
the camera/mic combo board and 
the other end to this connector.
2
Power button board connector 
(internal)
Power button board cable
The power button board comes 
with a cable. Connect the cable to 
this connector.
3
Ethernet card connector (internal)
Ethernet card cable
Connect one end of the Ethernet 
card cable to the Ethernet card 
and the other end to this 
connector.
4
Speaker assembly connector 
(internal)
Speaker assembly cable
The speaker assembly comes with 
cable. Connect the cable to this 
connector.
5
Wireless-LAN-card slot (internal)
No
Insert the wireless LAN card into 
this slot.
6
LCD connector (internal)
LCD cable
Connect one end of the LCD cable 
to the LCD panel and the other end 
to this connector.
Chapter 6. Locations 63

--- Page 70 ---
Table 12. System board connector and cable guide (continued)
Item
Connector (location)
Internal cable required
Cable connection
7
Wireless-WAN-card slot (internal)
No
Insert the wireless WAN card into 
this slot.
8
USB-C connector (external)
No
Connect USB-C compatible 
devices or a USB-C power adapter 
to this connector.
9
Docking-station connector 
(external)
No
Connect a supported docking 
station to your computer through 
this connector.
10
M.2 solid-state drive connector 
(internal)
No
Insert the M.2 solid-state drive into 
this slot.
11
USB 3.2 connector Gen 2 
(external)
No
Connect USB-compatible devices 
to this connector.
12
HDMI connector (external)
No
Connect a compatible digital audio 
device or video monitor to this 
connector.
13
Audio connector (external)
No
Connect headphones or a headset 
with 3.5-mm (0.14-inch) 4-pole 
plug to this connector.
14
Coin-cell battery connector 
(internal)
Coin-cell battery cable
The coin-cell battery comes with a 
cable. Connect the cable to this 
connector.
15
Hall sensor board connector 
(internal)
Hall sensor board cable
The hall sensor board comes with 
a cable. Connect the cable to this 
connector.
16
Built-in battery connector (internal)  Built-in battery cable
The built-in battery comes with a 
cable. Connect the cable to this 
connector.
17
Trackpad connector (internal) Trackpad cable
Connect one end of the cable to 
the trackpad and the other end to 
this connector.
18
Fingerprint reader connector 
(internal)
Fingerprint reader cable
Connect one end of the cable to 
the fingerprint reader and the other 
end to this connector.
19
Memory module slot (internal)
No
Insert the memory module into this 
slot.
20
Smart card reader connector 
(internal)
Smart card reader cable
Connect one end of the cable to 
the smart card reader and the 
other end to this connector.
21
Always On USB 3.2 connector 
Gen 1 board connector (internal)
Always On USB 3.2 connector Gen 
1 board cable
Connect one end of the cable to 
the Always On USB 3.2 connector 
Gen 1 board and the other end to 
this connector.
22
Thermal fan connector (internal) Thermal fan assembly cable
The thermal fan assembly comes 
with a cable. Connect the cable to 
this connector.
64 T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 71 ---
Table 12. System board connector and cable guide (continued)
Item
Connector (location)
Internal cable required
Cable connection
23 
24
Keyboard connectors (internal) Keyboard assembly cables
The keyboard assembly comes 
with the cables. Connect the 
cables to these connectors.
25
Nano-SIM-card slot (external)
No
Install a nano-SIM card into the 
nano-SIM-card tray. Then, insert 
the tray with the card into this slot.
Looking up FRU information
For detailed FRU information, including part numbers, descriptions, and substitution part numbers, go to: 
https://support.lenovo.com/partslookup.
Chapter 6. Locations 65

--- Page 72 ---
66 T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 73 ---
Chapter 7. FRU replacement notices
This chapter presents notices related to removing and replacing parts. Read this chapter carefully before 
replacing any FRU.
CRU statement for customers: 
You can resolve some problems with your product with a replacement part you can install yourself, called a 
“Customer Replaceable Unit” or “CRU.” Some CRUs are designated as self-service CRUs and others are 
designated as optional-service CRUs. Installation of self-service CRUs is your responsibility. For optional- 
service CRUs, you can either install the CRU yourself or you can request that a Service Provider install the 
CRU according to the warranty service for your product. If you intend on installing the CRU, Lenovo will ship 
the CRU to you. CRU information and replacement instructions are shipped with your product and are 
available from Lenovo at any time upon request. You can find a list of CRUs for your product in this Hardware 
Maintenance Manual. An electronic version of this manual can be found at 
https://support.lenovo.com. Click 
Documentation and then follow the on-screen instructions to find the manual for your product. You might be 
required to return the defective CRU. When return is required: (1) return instructions, a prepaid shipping label, 
and a container will be included with the replacement CRU; and (2) you might be charged for the 
replacement CRU if Lenovo does not receive the defective CRU within thirty (30) days of your receipt of the 
replacement CRU. See your Lenovo Limited Warranty documentation for full details.
Service tool kit
Ensure that the following service tool kit is prepared before you service a ThinkPad notebook computer. 
No. Tool name Tool type
1 Phillips-head screwdriver Common tool
2 Torx-head screwdriver Common tool
3
Conductive tweezers Common tool
4 Hexagonal socket Common tool
5
Silicone grease Consumable tool
6 Polyamide tape
Consumable tool
7 Mylar tape
Consumable tool
8 Eraser Consumable tool
9 Electrical tape 
Consumable tool
10 Double-sided tape Consumable tool
11
Conductive tape Consumable tool
Note: The silicone grease can be applied to the surfaces of the microprocessor and heatsink to eliminate air 
gaps. The hexagonal socket is used to pick up the antenna connectors. 
Screw notices
Loose screws can cause a reliability problem. In the ThinkPad notebook computer, this problem is 
addressed with special nylon-coated screws that have the following characteristics: 
•  They maintain tight connections.
© Copyright Lenovo 2020 67

--- Page 74 ---
•  They do not easily come loose, even with shock or vibration.
•  They are harder to tighten.
Do the following when you service the computer: 
•  Keep the screw kit in your tool bag. For the part number of the screw kit, go to: 
https://support.lenovo.com/partslookup
•  It is recommended to use new screws.
•  It is recommended to use each screw only once.
Tighten screws as follows:
•  Plastic to plastic
Turn an additional angle of 90 degrees after the screw head touches the surface of the plastic part. 
•  Logic card to plastic
Turn an additional angle of 180 degrees after the screw head touches the surface of the logic card. 
Notes: 
•  Ensure that you use the correct screw. It is recommended to use new screws for replacements. If you 
have a torque screwdriver, tighten all screws firmly to the torque specified in the screw information table 
for each step.
•  Ensure torque screwdrivers are calibrated correctly following country specifications.
Retaining serial numbers
This topic provides instructions on the following: 
•  “Restoring the serial number of the system unit” on page 68
•  “Retaining the UUID” on page 69
Restoring the serial number of the system unit
When the computer was manufactured, the EEPROM on the system board was loaded with the serial 
numbers of the system and all major components. These numbers need to remain the same throughout the 
life of the computer.
If you replace the system board, you must restore the serial number of the system unit to its original value.
68
T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 75 ---
The serial number of the system unit is written on the label attached to the bottom of the computer.
If you can not find the serial number of the system unit on the bottom of the computer, try the following 
method to get the number:
Note: For Intel models, before you perform the operation, ensure that the UEFI/Legacy setting within the 
Startup menu in the ThinkPad Setup program is set to UEFI Only.
1.  Connect a USB memory key to the computer.
2.  Go to 
https://www.lenovo.com/maintenanceutilities and follow the instructions on the screen to create a 
Maintenance key. 
Note: Only an authorized Lenovo service technician can access the above Web site.
3.  Restart the computer.
4.  When the logo is displayed, press Esc. The ThinkPad Config Information Update Utility interface is 
displayed.
5.  Type 1 under Enter the action desired, then press Enter. The ThinkPad Serial Number Update Utility for 
Asset ID screen is displayed.
6.  Type 2 under Enter the action desired, then press Enter. The serial number of each device in your 
computer is displayed; the serial number of the system unit is listed as follow: 
20- Serial number
7.  Record the serial number of the system unit.
After you replace the system board, do the following to restore the serial number of the system unit:
1.  Connect the Maintenance key to the computer.
2.  When the logo is displayed, press Esc. The ThinkPad Config Information Update Utility interface is 
displayed.
3.  Type 1 under Enter the action desired, then press Enter. The ThinkPad Serial Number Update Utility for 
Asset ID screen is displayed.
4.  Type 1 under Enter the action desired, then press Enter. Then follow the instructions on the screen to 
restore the serial number of the system unit.
Retaining the UUID
The Universally Unique Identifier (UUID) is a 128-bit number uniquely assigned to your computer at 
production and stored in the EEPROM of your system board. 
The algorithm that generates the number is designed to provide unique IDs until the year A.D. 3400. No two 
computers in the world have the same number.
When you replace the system board, perform the following steps to create a new UUID for the system board 
if the system board does not have a UUID: 
Note: For Intel models, before you perform the operation, ensure that the UEFI/Legacy setting within the 
Startup menu in the ThinkPad Setup program is set to UEFI Only.
1.  Connect a USB memory key to the computer.
2.  Go to 
https://www.lenovo.com/maintenanceutilities and follow the instructions on the screen to create a 
Maintenance key. 
Note: Only an authorized Lenovo service technician can access the above Web site.
3.  Restart the computer.
4.  When the logo screen is displayed, press Esc. The ThinkPad Config Information Update Utility interface 
is displayed.
Chapter 7. FRU replacement notices 69

--- Page 76 ---
5.  Type 2 under Enter the action desired, then press Enter. The Auto UUID generation utility interface is 
displayed. 
6.  Type y under Change UUID. OK? [Y/N], then press Enter. A new UUID is created and written. If a valid 
UUID already exists, it is not overwritten.
70
T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 77 ---
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU
This chapter provides instructions on how to remove or replace a FRU.
CRU statement for customers: 
You can resolve some problems with your product with a replacement part you can install yourself, called a 
“Customer Replaceable Unit” or “CRU.” Some CRUs are designated as self-service CRUs and others are 
designated as optional-service CRUs. Installation of self-service CRUs is your responsibility. For optional- 
service CRUs, you can either install the CRU yourself or you can request that a Service Provider install the 
CRU according to the warranty service for your product. If you intend on installing the CRU, Lenovo will ship 
the CRU to you. CRU information and replacement instructions are shipped with your product and are 
available from Lenovo at any time upon request. You can find a list of CRUs for your product in this Hardware 
Maintenance Manual. An electronic version of this manual can be found at 
https://support.lenovo.com. Click 
Documentation and then follow the on-screen instructions to find the manual for your product. You might be 
required to return the defective CRU. When return is required: (1) return instructions, a prepaid shipping label, 
and a container will be included with the replacement CRU; and (2) you might be charged for the 
replacement CRU if Lenovo does not receive the defective CRU within thirty (30) days of your receipt of the 
replacement CRU. See your Lenovo Limited Warranty documentation for full details.
General guidelines
When removing or replacing a FRU, be sure to observe the following general guidelines:
1.  Do not try to service any computer unless you have been trained and certified. An untrained person runs 
the risk of damaging parts.
2.  Before replacing any FRU, review Chapter 7 “FRU replacement notices” on page 67.
3.  Begin by removing any FRUs that have to be removed before replacing the failing FRU. Any such FRUs 
are listed at the beginning of each FRU replacement procedure. Remove them in the order in which they 
are listed.
4.  Follow the correct sequence in the steps for removing a FRU, as given in the drawings by the numbers in 
square callouts.
5.  When turning a screw, turn it in the direction as given by the arrow in the drawing.
6.  When removing a FRU, move it in the direction as given by the arrow in the drawing. 
7.  To put the new FRU in place, reverse the removal procedure and follow any notes that pertain to 
replacement. For information about connecting and arranging internal cables, see Chapter 6 “Locations” 
on page 47.
8.  When replacing a FRU, use the correct screws as shown in the replacement procedure.
DANGER
Before removing any FRU, turn off the computer, unplug all power cords from electrical outlets, 
remove the battery, and then disconnect any interconnecting cables.
Attention: 
•  After replacing a FRU, do not turn on the computer until you have made sure that all screws, springs, and 
other small parts are in place and none are loose inside the computer. Verify this by shaking the computer 
gently and listening for rattling sounds. Metallic parts or metal flakes can cause electrical short circuits.
•  The system board is sensitive to, and can be damaged by, ESD. Before touching it, establish personal 
grounding by touching a ground point with one hand or by using an ESD strap.
© Copyright Lenovo 2020 71

--- Page 78 ---
Before servicing the computer
Carefully read this topic before servicing the computer. 
Disabling the built-in battery
Before replacing any CRU, ensure that you disable Fast Startup first and then disable the built-in battery.
To disable Fast Startup, do the following: 
1.  Go to Control Panel, and then change the view of Control Panel from Category to Large icons or Small 
icons.
2.  Click Power Options, and then click Choose what the power buttons do on the left pane.
3.  Click Change settings that are currently unavailable at the top.
4.  If prompted by User Account Control (UAC), click Yes.
5.  Clear the Turn on fast startup check box, and then click Save changes.
To disable the built-in battery, do the following: 
1.  Restart your computer. When the logo screen is displayed, immediately press F1 to enter ThinkPad 
Setup.
2.  Select Config ➙ Power. The Power submenu is displayed.
3.  Select Disable built-in battery and press Enter.
4.  Select Yes in the Setup Confirmation window. The built-in battery is disabled and the computer turns off 
automatically. Wait three to five minutes to let the computer cool.
Removing the nano-SIM card and the nano-SIM-card tray
Some models you are servicing might have a nano-SIM card installed. If the computer you are servicing has 
a nano-SIM card installed, remove the nano-SIM card and the nano-SIM-card tray before you start the 
servicing.
After you finish the servicing, ensure that you install the card and the tray back into the slot firmly.
1010 Keyboard
Removal steps of the keyboard
Note: If your replacement keyboard is not shipped with the special tool shown in the following illustrations, 
you may use alternative pry tools to remove it.
72
T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 79 ---
a b
c d
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 73

--- Page 80 ---
When installing: 
•  Ensure that the connectors are attached firmly.
•  Configure the keyboard language in UEFI BIOS: 
1.  Enter the UEFI BIOS menu.
2.  Click Config ➙ Keyboard/Mouse ➙ Keyboard Layout, and then select the keyboard language.
1020 Base cover assembly
For access, remove this FRU:
74
T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 81 ---
•  “Removing the nano-SIM card and the nano-SIM-card tray” on page 72
Removal steps of the base cover assembly
Applying labels to the base cover assembly
Note: Depending on the country or region of delivery, the labels might be slightly different from the ones in 
the following illustration.
The new base cover assembly FRU is shipped with a kit containing labels of several kinds. Apply those labels 
when you replace the base cover assembly. For the labels that are not shipped with the new base cover 
assembly, peel them from the old base cover assembly, and adhere them to the new one.
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 75

--- Page 82 ---
1  CMIIT label 5  Serial number label
2  SVT label 6  Win10 COA label
3  GEO label 7  Country label 
4  Win10 GML label
8  IMEI label
1030 M.2 solid-state drive
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
•  “Removing the nano-SIM card and the nano-SIM-card tray” on page 72
•  “1020 Base cover assembly” on page 74
Attention: 
•  If your computer is installed with a hybrid solid-state drive (with Intel Optane memory), go to 
https:// 
support.lenovo.com/docs/tg_ssd
to know the details on how to replace it.
•  The M.2 solid-state drive is sensitive. Inappropriate handling might cause damage and permanent loss of 
data.
When handling the M.2 solid-state drive, observe the following guidelines: 
•  Replace the M.2 solid-state drive only for upgrade or repair. The M.2 solid-state drive is not designed for 
frequent changes or replacement.
•  Before replacing the M.2 solid-state drive, make a backup copy of all the data that you want to keep.
•  Do not apply pressure to the M.2 solid-state drive.
•  Do not touch the contact edge or circuit board of the M.2 solid-state drive. Otherwise the M.2 solid-state 
drive might get damaged.
•  Do not make the M.2 solid-state drive subject to physical shocks or vibration. Put the M.2 solid-state drive 
on a soft material, such as cloth, to absorb physical shocks.
76
T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 83 ---
Removal steps of the M.2 2280 solid-state drive
Step Screw (quantity) Color
Torque
1
M2 × 0.5 + 2.5 mm, big-head, nylon-coated (1)
Black 0.181 Nm 
(1.85 kgf-cm)
Removal steps of the M.2 2242 solid-state drive and its bracket
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
1
M2 × 2.5 mm, big-head, nylon-coated (1) Black 0.181 Nm 
(1.85 kgf-cm)
1040 Memory module (for selected models)
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
•  “Removing the nano-SIM card and the nano-SIM-card tray” on page 72
•  “1020 Base cover assembly” on page 74
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 77

--- Page 84 ---
Removal steps of the memory module
When installing:
Insert the notched end of the memory module into the slot at an angle of about 20 degrees. Press the 
memory module firmly, and pivot it downwards until it snaps into place. Ensure that the memory module is 
firmly installed in the slot and does not move easily.
1050 Speaker assembly
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
•  “Removing the nano-SIM card and the nano-SIM-card tray” on page 72
•  “1020 Base cover assembly” on page 74
78
T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 85 ---
Removal steps of the speaker assembly
Step Screw (quantity) Color
Torque
2
M2.2 × 2.2 + 2.3 mm, flat-head, nylon-coated (2)
Black 0.181 Nm 
(1.85 kgf-cm)
When installing: Ensure that the connector is attached firmly.
1060 Wireless WAN card (for selected models)
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
•  “Removing the nano-SIM card and the nano-SIM-card tray” on page 72
•  “1020 Base cover assembly” on page 74
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 79

--- Page 86 ---
Removal steps of the wireless WAN card
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
3
M2 × 2.5 mm, big-head, nylon-coated (1) Black 0.181 Nm 
(1.85 kgf-cm)
When installing:  
•  For WWAN card with two antenna cables: ensure that you connect the orange cable to the main 
connector, and the blue cable to the auxiliary connector.
•  For WWAN card with four antenna cables: ensure that you connect the orange cable to the main 
connector, the blue cable to the auxiliary connector, the white and grey cable to the M1 connector, and 
the black and grey cable to the M2 connector.
1070 Wireless LAN card (for AMD models)
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
•  “Removing the nano-SIM card and the nano-SIM-card tray” on page 72
•  “1020 Base cover assembly” on page 74
80
T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 87 ---
Removal steps of the wireless LAN card
Step Screw (quantity) Color
Torque
2
M2 × 2.5 mm, big-head, nylon-coated (1)
Black 0.181 Nm 
(1.85 kgf-cm)
When installing: Plug the gray cable into the main connector and the black cable into the auxiliary 
connector.
1080 Coin-cell battery
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
•  “Removing the nano-SIM card and the nano-SIM-card tray” on page 72
•  “1020 Base cover assembly” on page 74
Removal steps of the coin-cell battery
DANGER
Use only the authorized battery specified for your computer. Any other battery could ignite or 
explode.
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 81

--- Page 88 ---
When installing: Ensure that the connector is attached firmly.
1090 Built-in battery
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
•  “Removing the nano-SIM card and the nano-SIM-card tray” on page 72
•  “1020 Base cover assembly” on page 74
Important notices for replacing a built-in battery
Attention: Lenovo has no responsibility for the performance or safety of unauthorized batteries, and 
provides no warranties for failures or damage arising out of their use.
The Lenovo Vantage program provides an automatic battery diagnostic test that determines if the built-in 
battery is defective. A built-in battery FRU should not be replaced unless this diagnostic test shows that the 
battery is defective. The only exception to this is if the built-in battery is physically damaged or a customer is 
reporting a possible safety issue.
If the Lenovo Vantage program is not installed on the computer, the customer should download and install 
the program to diagnose the built-in battery, before getting a non-physically damaged built-in battery 
replaced. Note that the replacement of a physically damaged built-in battery is not covered by the warranty.
Removal steps of the built-in battery
DANGER
Use only the authorized battery specified for your computer. Any other battery could ignite or 
explode.
82 T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 89 ---
Step Screw (quantity) Color
Torque
2
M2 × 4 mm, small-head, nylon-coated (4) Silver
0.181 Nm 
(1.85 kgf-cm)
When installing:
•  Ensure that the battery connector is attached firmly. 
•  Ensure that the base cover assembly is attached firmly; otherwise, battery connection may fail.
1100 Thermal fan assembly
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
•  “Removing the nano-SIM card and the nano-SIM-card tray” on page 72
•  “1020 Base cover assembly” on page 74
Removal steps of the thermal fan assembly (for Intel models)
2e
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 83

--- Page 90 ---
When installing: 
•  Ensure that the connector is attached firmly.
•  Do not press the top of the fan cover and the fan hub.
•  Before you attach the fan assembly to the computer, apply thermal grease, at an amount of 0.2 grams, on 
the parts marked 
a  and  b  as shown in the following illustrations. Either too much or too less application 
of grease can cause a thermal problem due to imperfect contact with a component.
For models with discrete thermal pipes:
For models with an integrated thermal pipe (for T14 Gen 1 only):
84 T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 91 ---
Removal steps of the thermal fan assembly (for AMD models)
When installing: 
•  Ensure that the connector is attached firmly.
•  Do not press the top of the fan cover and the fan hub.
•  Before you attach the fan assembly to the computer, apply thermal grease, at an amount of 0.2 grams, on 
the parts marked 
a  as shown in the following illustrations. Either too much or too less application of 
grease can cause a thermal problem due to imperfect contact with a component.  
1110 Ethernet card cable, bracket and board
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
•  “Removing the nano-SIM card and the nano-SIM-card tray” on page 72
•  “1020 Base cover assembly” on page 74
•  “1100 Thermal fan assembly” on page 83
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 85

--- Page 92 ---
Removal steps of the Ethernet card cable, bracket and board
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
3
M2 × 4 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (3) Black 0.181 Nm 
(1.85 kgf-cm)
86 T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 93 ---
When installing: Ensure that the connector is attached firmly.
1120 Always On USB 3.2 connector Gen 1 cable, bracket and board
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
•  “Removing the nano-SIM card and the nano-SIM-card tray” on page 72
•  “1020 Base cover assembly” on page 74
•  “1090 Built-in battery” on page 82
Removal steps of the Always On USB 3.2 connector Gen 1 cable, bracket and board
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 87

--- Page 94 ---
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
4
M2 × 4 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (2)
Black 0.181 Nm 
(1.85 kgf-cm)
When installing: Ensure that the connector is attached firmly.
1130 Fingerprint reader cable, bracket and board
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
•  “Removing the nano-SIM card and the nano-SIM-card tray” on page 72
•  “1020 Base cover assembly” on page 74
•  “1090 Built-in battery” on page 82
Removal steps of the fingerprint reader cable, bracket and board (for models without RFID)
88 T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 95 ---
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
4
M2 × 2.5 mm, big-head, nylon-coated (1)
Black 0.181 Nm 
(1.85 kgf-cm)
When installing: Ensure that the connector is attached firmly.
Removal steps of the fingerprint reader cable, bracket and board (for models with RFID)
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 89

--- Page 96 ---
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
3
M2 × 2.5 mm, big-head, nylon-coated (1) Black 0.181 Nm 
(1.85 kgf-cm)
When installing: Ensure that the connector is attached firmly.
1140 Smart card reader module and cable (for selected models)
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
•  “Removing the nano-SIM card and the nano-SIM-card tray” on page 72
•  “1020 Base cover assembly” on page 74
•  “1090 Built-in battery” on page 82
90
T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 97 ---
Removal steps of the smart card reader module and cable
Step Screw (quantity) Color
Torque
7
M2 × 2.5 mm, big-head, nylon-coated (2)
Black 0.181 Nm 
(1.85 kgf-cm)
When installing: Ensure that the connector is attached firmly.
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 91

--- Page 98 ---
1150 Trackpad and cable
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
•  “Removing the nano-SIM card and the nano-SIM-card tray” on page 72
•  “1020 Base cover assembly” on page 74
•  “1090 Built-in battery” on page 82
Removal steps of the trackpad and cable
Step Screw (quantity) Color
Torque
4
M2 × 2 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (4)
Black 0.127 Nm 
(1.3 kgf-cm)
When installing: Ensure that the connector is attached firmly.
92
T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 99 ---
1160 Hall sensor board with cable
For access, remove these FRUs:
•  “Removing the nano-SIM card and the nano-SIM-card tray” on page 72
•  “1020 Base cover assembly” on page 74
•  “1090 Built-in battery” on page 82
Removal steps of the hall sensor board with cable
When installing: Ensure that the connector is attached firmly.
1170 NFC module, cable and antenna (for selected Intel models)
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
•  “Removing the nano-SIM card and the nano-SIM-card tray” on page 72
•  “1020 Base cover assembly” on page 74
•  “1090 Built-in battery” on page 82
Removal steps of the NFC module, cable and antenna
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 93

--- Page 100 ---
When installing: Ensure that the connectors are attached firmly.
1180 RFID reader cable and reader (for models with RFID)
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
•  “Removing the nano-SIM card and the nano-SIM-card tray” on page 72
•  “1020 Base cover assembly” on page 74
•  “1090 Built-in battery” on page 82
•  “1130 Fingerprint reader cable, bracket and board” on page 88
94
T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 101 ---
Removal steps of the RFID reader cable and reader
When installing: Ensure that the connector is attached firmly.
1190 Power button board and cable
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
•  “Removing the nano-SIM card and the nano-SIM-card tray” on page 72
•  “1020 Base cover assembly” on page 74
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 95

--- Page 102 ---
Removal steps of the power button board and cable
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
4
M2 × 3 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (1) Silver
0.181 Nm 
(1.85 kgf-cm)
When installing: Ensure that the connector is attached firmly.
96
T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 103 ---
1200 System board
Important notices for handling the system board:
When handling the system board, read the following:
•  The system board has an accelerometer, which can be broken when several thousands of G-forces are applied. 
Note: Dropping a system board from a height of as little as 6 inches so that it falls flat on a hard bench can subject 
the accelerometer to as much as 6000 G's of shock.
•  Be careful not to drop the system board on a bench top that has a hard surface, such as metal, wood, or 
composite.
•  Avoid rough handling of any kind.
•  At every point in the process, be sure not to drop or stack the system board.
•  If you put a system board down, be sure to put it only on a padded surface such as an ESD mat or a corrugated 
conductive surface.
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
•  “Removing the nano-SIM card and the nano-SIM-card tray” on page 72
•  “1010 Keyboard” on page 72
•  “1020 Base cover assembly” on page 74
•  “1030 M.2 solid-state drive” on page 76
•  “1040 Memory module (for selected models)” on page 77
•  “1060 Wireless WAN card (for selected models)” on page 79
•  “1070 Wireless LAN card (for AMD models)” on page 80
•  “1090 Built-in battery” on page 82
•  “1100 Thermal fan assembly” on page 83
Removal steps of the system board (for Intel models)
This computer shares a common system board with another computer. After replacing the system board, 
you will be prompted to input a brand name to correctly identify the machine type. The following table 
contains the brand name required to complete this step. 
Note: Input the exact brand name as shown in this table.
Brand name Machine types
Shared with
ThinkPad T14 Gen 1 (for Intel 
models)
20S0, 20S1, 20S2 and 20S3 ThinkPad T15 Gen 1 or ThinkPad P15s Gen 1
ThinkPad P14s Gen 1 20S4 and 20S5 ThinkPad T15 Gen 1 or ThinkPad P15s Gen 1
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 97

--- Page 104 ---
98 T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 105 ---
Step Screw (quantity) Color
Torque
8
M2 × 4 mm, flat-head, nylon-coated (4)
Black 0.181 Nm 
(1.85 kgf-cm)
9
M2 × 2.5 mm, big-head, nylon-coated (1) Black 0.181 Nm 
(1.85 kgf-cm)
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
11
M2 × 3 mm, flat-head, nylon-coated (3) Silver 0.181 Nm 
(1.85 kgf-cm)
When installing: 
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 99

--- Page 106 ---
•  Ensure that the connectors are attached firmly.
•  Configure the keyboard language in UEFI BIOS: 
1.  Enter the UEFI BIOS menu.
2.  Click Config ➙ Keyboard/Mouse ➙ Keyboard Layout, and then select the keyboard language.
Attention: The following components soldered on the top side of the system board are extremely sensitive. 
When you service the system board, avoid any kind of rough handling.
For models with a discrete graphics card
a  Graphics Processing Unit (GPU)
b  Central Processing Unit (CPU)
For models with an integrated graphics card
a  Central Processing Unit (CPU)
Removal steps of the system board (for AMD models)
Note: If you want to install a system board with the Linux operating system, you need to configure Sleep 
State in UEFI BIOS to ensure that the system works correctly:
1.  Enter the UEFI BIOS menu.
2.  Select Config ➙ Power using the arrow keys.
3.  Locate the Sleep State section and then select Linux.
100
T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 107 ---
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 101

--- Page 108 ---
Step Screw (quantity) Color
Torque
7
M2 × 4 mm, flat-head, nylon-coated (4)
Black 0.181 Nm 
(1.85 kgf-cm)
8
M2 × 2.5 mm, big-head, nylon-coated (1) Black 0.181 Nm 
(1.85 kgf-cm)
Step Screw (quantity) Color
Torque
10
M2 × 3 mm, flat-head, nylon-coated (3) Silver
0.181 Nm 
(1.85 kgf-cm)
When installing: 
•  Ensure that the connectors are attached firmly.
•  Configure the keyboard language in UEFI BIOS: 
1.  Enter the UEFI BIOS menu.
2.  Click Config ➙ Keyboard/Mouse ➙ Keyboard Layout, and then select the keyboard language.
1210 MIMO wireless-WAN antenna assembly (for selected Intel models)
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
•  “Removing the nano-SIM card and the nano-SIM-card tray” on page 72
•  “1010 Keyboard” on page 72
•  “1020 Base cover assembly” on page 74
•  “1030 M.2 solid-state drive” on page 76
•  “1040 Memory module (for selected models)” on page 77
•  “1060 Wireless WAN card (for selected models)” on page 79
102
T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 109 ---
•  “1090 Built-in battery” on page 82
•  “1100 Thermal fan assembly” on page 83
•  “1200 System board” on page 97
Removal steps of the MIMO wireless-WAN antenna assembly
Antenna locations 
a  4x4 MIMO Wireless-WAN antenna (auxiliary)
b  4x4 MIMO Wireless-WAN antenna (main)
1220 LCD unit
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
•  “Removing the nano-SIM card and the nano-SIM-card tray” on page 72
•  “1020 Base cover assembly” on page 74
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 103

--- Page 110 ---
Removal steps of the LCD unit (for Intel models)
104 T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 111 ---
Step Screw (quantity) Color
Torque
6
M2.5 × 4 mm, flat-head, nylon-coated (4) Silver
0.294 Nm 
(3 kgf-cm)
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 105

--- Page 112 ---
When installing: Ensure that all the connectors are attached firmly and all the cables are inserted back into 
place properly.
Removal steps of the LCD unit (for AMD models)
106 T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 113 ---
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
5
M2.5 × 4 mm, flat-head, nylon-coated (4) Silver
0.294 Nm 
(3 kgf-cm)
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 107

--- Page 114 ---
When installing: Ensure that all the connectors are attached firmly and all the cables are inserted back into 
place properly.
1240 Keyboard bezel assembly
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
•  “Removing the nano-SIM card and the nano-SIM-card tray” on page 72
•  “1010 Keyboard” on page 72
•  “1020 Base cover assembly” on page 74
•  “1030 M.2 solid-state drive” on page 76
•  “1040 Memory module (for selected models)” on page 77
•  “1050 Speaker assembly” on page 78
•  “1060 Wireless WAN card (for selected models)” on page 79
•  “1070 Wireless LAN card (for AMD models)” on page 80
•  “1080 Coin-cell battery” on page 81
•  “1090 Built-in battery” on page 82
•  “1100 Thermal fan assembly” on page 83
•  “1110 Ethernet card cable, bracket and board” on page 85
•  “1120 Always On USB 3.2 connector Gen 1 cable, bracket and board” on page 87
•  “1130 Fingerprint reader cable, bracket and board” on page 88
•  “1140 Smart card reader module and cable (for selected models)” on page 90
•  “1150 Trackpad and cable” on page 92
•  “1160 Hall sensor board with cable” on page 93
•  “1170 NFC module, cable and antenna (for selected Intel models)” on page 93
•  “1180 RFID reader cable and reader (for models with RFID)” on page 94
•  “1190 Power button board and cable” on page 95
•  “1200 System board” on page 97
•  “1210 MIMO wireless-WAN antenna assembly (for selected Intel models)” on page 102
•  “1220 LCD unit” on page 103
2010 LCD bezel sheet and LCD bezel
For access, remove this FRU:
•  “1220 LCD unit” on page 103
108
T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 115 ---
Removal steps of the LCD bezel sheet and LCD bezel
When installing: After the LCD bezel sheet is removed, it cannot be used anymore. A new LCD bezel sheet 
is required for replacement.
2020 LCD panel and LCD elastic adhesive tapes
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
•  “1220 LCD unit” on page 103
•  “2010 LCD bezel sheet and LCD bezel” on page 108
Removal and installation steps of the LCD panel and the LCD elastic adhesive tapes (for computer 
models with the HD and FHD panels)
Removal steps of the LCD panel and the LCD elastic adhesive tapes
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 109

--- Page 116 ---
1.  Grasp the end of three elastic adhesive tapes with tweezers. Pull out each tape slowly in the direction as 
shown until three elastic adhesive tapes are all released from LCD unit 
1 . 
Note: Do not pull the tapes too fast, otherwise, the tapes might snap.
2.  Lift up the LCD panel. 
3.  Turn over the LCD panel  3  and detach the LCD cable from the LCD panel as shown. 
110
T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 117 ---
When installing: After the LCD elastic adhesive tapes are removed, they cannot be used anymore. New LCD 
elastic adhesive tapes are required for replacement.
Installation steps of the LCD panel and the LCD elastic adhesive tapes
1.  Peel off the release liners from one side of the new elastic adhesive tapes. Apply the tapes to the correct 
locations. Peel off the release liners from the other side of the tapes. Ensure that the three tapes are 
applied correctly as shown. 
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 111

--- Page 118 ---
2.  Attach the LCD cable to the LCD panel as shown. Turn over the LCD panel to secure the LCD panel with 
tapes. 
112
T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 119 ---
Removal and installation steps of the LCD panel and the LCD elastic adhesive tapes (for computer 
models with the UHD panel)
Removal steps of the LCD panel and the LCD elastic adhesive tapes
1.  Grasp the end of five elastic adhesive tapes with tweezers. Pull out each tape slowly in the direction as 
shown until five elastic adhesive tapes are all released from LCD unit 
1  and  2 . 
Note: Do not pull the tapes too fast, otherwise, the tapes might snap.
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 113

--- Page 120 ---
2.  Lift up the LCD panel. 
3.  Turn over the LCD panel  5  and detach the LCD cable from the LCD panel as shown. 
114 T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 121 ---
When installing: After the LCD elastic adhesive tapes are removed, they cannot be used anymore. New LCD 
elastic adhesive tapes are required for replacement.
Installation steps of the LCD panel and the LCD elastic adhesive tapes
1.  Peel off the release liners from one side of the new elastic adhesive tapes. Apply the tapes to the correct 
locations. Peel off the release liners from the other side of the tapes. Ensure that the five tapes are 
applied correctly as shown. 
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 115

--- Page 122 ---
2.  Attach the LCD cable to the LCD panel as shown. Turn over the LCD panel to secure the LCD panel with 
tapes. 
116
T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 123 ---
Note: For LCD panel with the factory color calibration feature, do the following to install new color profiles:
1.  Connect your computer to the network and close the X-Rite Color Assistant program.
2.  Go to C:\Program files (x86)\X-Rite Color Assistant and locate the 
ProfileUpdaterForDisplayReplacement.exe file.
3.  Double-click the EXE file. Follow the on-screen instructions to input the display serial number and click 
Submit. You can find the display serial number and instructions on a sticker fixed to the front of the new 
LCD part. When the new color profiles are installed successfully, a prompted window will be displayed.
2030 Camera/microphone module
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
•  “1220 LCD unit” on page 103
•  “2010 LCD bezel sheet and LCD bezel” on page 108
•  “2020 LCD panel and LCD elastic adhesive tapes” on page 109
Removal steps of the infrared camera/microphone module
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 117

--- Page 124 ---
When installing: Ensure that the connector is attached firmly.
Removal steps of the conventional camera/microphone module
When installing: Ensure that the connector is attached firmly.
2040 LCD hinges
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
•  “1220 LCD unit” on page 103
•  “2010 LCD bezel sheet and LCD bezel” on page 108
118
T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 125 ---
Removal steps of the LCD hinges
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
1
M2.5 × 2.5 mm, big-head, nylon-coated (4) Silver 0.294 Nm 
(3 kgf-cm)
2050 Camera/LED cable
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
•  “1220 LCD unit” on page 103
•  “2010 LCD bezel sheet and LCD bezel” on page 108
•  “2020 LCD panel and LCD elastic adhesive tapes” on page 109
•  “2040 LCD hinges” on page 118
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 119

--- Page 126 ---
Removal steps of the infrared camera/LED cable
When installing: Ensure that the connector is attached firmly.
Removal steps of the conventional camera/LED cable
When installing: Ensure that the connector is attached firmly.
Removal steps of the LED cable
120 T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 127 ---
When installing: Ensure that the connector is attached firmly.
2060 LCD cable
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
•  “1220 LCD unit” on page 103
•  “2010 LCD bezel sheet and LCD bezel” on page 108
•  “2020 LCD panel and LCD elastic adhesive tapes” on page 109
•  “2040 LCD hinges” on page 118
Removal steps of the LCD cable
When installing: Ensure that the connector is attached firmly.
2070 Wireless antenna assembly
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
•  “1220 LCD unit” on page 103
•  “2010 LCD bezel sheet and LCD bezel” on page 108
•  “2020 LCD panel and LCD elastic adhesive tapes” on page 109
•  “2040 LCD hinges” on page 118
Removal steps of the wireless-LAN antenna assembly
Release the antenna cables from the cable guides on the LCD cover assembly.
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 121

--- Page 128 ---
Attention: When you route the cables, ensure that they are not subject to any tension. Tension could cause 
the cables to be damaged by the cable guides, or a wire to be broken.
Removal steps of the wireless-LAN/WAN antenna assembly
Attention: When you route the cables, ensure that they are not subject to any tension. Tension could cause 
the cables to be damaged by the cable guides, or a wire to be broken.
122
T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 129 ---
Antenna locations 
a  Wireless-LAN antenna (main)
b  Wireless-WAN antenna (main)*
c  Wireless-WAN antenna (auxiliary)*
d  Wireless-LAN antenna (auxiliary)
* for selected models
2080 LCD cover assembly
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
•  “1220 LCD unit” on page 103
•  “2010 LCD bezel sheet and LCD bezel” on page 108
•  “2020 LCD panel and LCD elastic adhesive tapes” on page 109
•  “2030 Camera/microphone module” on page 117
•  “2040 LCD hinges” on page 118
•  “2050 Camera/LED cable” on page 119
•  “2060 LCD cable” on page 121
•  “2070 Wireless antenna assembly” on page 121
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 123

--- Page 130 ---
124 T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 131 ---
Appendix A. Notices
Lenovo may not offer the products, services, or features discussed in this document in all countries. Consult 
your local Lenovo representative for information on the products and services currently available in your 
area. Any reference to a Lenovo product, program, or service is not intended to state or imply that only that 
Lenovo product, program, or service may be used. Any functionally equivalent product, program, or service 
that does not infringe any Lenovo intellectual property right may be used instead. However, it is the user’s 
responsibility to evaluate and verify the operation of any other product, program, or service.
Lenovo may have patents or pending patent applications covering subject matter described in this 
document. The furnishing of this document does not give you any license to these patents. You can send 
license inquiries, in writing, to:  
Lenovo (United States), Inc. 
8001 Development Drive
Morrisville, NC 27560
U.S.A.
Attention: Lenovo Director of Licensing
LENOVO PROVIDES THIS PUBLICATION “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS 
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, 
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Some jurisdictions do not allow 
disclaimer of express or implied warranties in certain transactions, therefore, this statement may not apply to 
you.
This information could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically made 
to the information herein; these changes will be incorporated in new editions of the publication. Lenovo may 
make improvements and/or changes in the product(s) and/or the program(s) described in this publication at 
any time without notice.
The products described in this document are not intended for use in implantation or other life support 
applications where malfunction may result in injury or death to persons. The information contained in this 
document does not affect or change Lenovo product specifications or warranties. Nothing in this document 
shall operate as an express or implied license or indemnity under the intellectual property rights of Lenovo or 
third parties. All information contained in this document was obtained in specific environments and is 
presented as an illustration. The result obtained in other operating environments may vary.
Lenovo may use or distribute any of the information you supply in any way it believes appropriate without 
incurring any obligation to you.
Any references in this publication to non-Lenovo Web sites are provided for convenience only and do not in 
any manner serve as an endorsement of those Web sites. The materials at those Web sites are not part of the 
materials for this Lenovo product, and use of those Web sites is at your own risk.
Any performance data contained herein was determined in a controlled environment. Therefore, the result 
obtained in other operating environments may vary significantly. Some measurements may have been made 
on development-level systems and there is no guarantee that these measurements will be the same on 
generally available systems. Furthermore, some measurements may have been estimated through 
extrapolation. Actual results may vary. Users of this document should verify the applicable data for their 
specific environment.
© Copyright Lenovo 2020 125

--- Page 132 ---
Electromagnetic emission notices
For electromagnetic emission information on Class B digital devices, refer to the corresponding information 
in the User Guide. 
EU Contact: Lenovo (Slovakia), Landererova 12, 811 09 Bratislava, Slovakia
Trademarks
LENOVO, LENOVO logo, THINKPAD, THINKPAD logo and TRACKPOINT are trademarks of Lenovo. 
Microsoft and Windows are trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies. Intel and Optane are 
trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the U.S. and/or other countries. The terms HDMI and 
HDMI High-Definition Multimedia Interface are trademarks or registered trademarks of HDMI Licensing LLC 
in the United States and other countries. USB-C is a trademark of USB Implementers Forum. All other 
trademarks are the property of their respective owners. © 2020 Lenovo.
126
T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 133 ---
Appendix B. Abbreviation and acronym table
The following table lists some abbreviations and acronyms which might be used in this manual. 
Abbreviation Term
BGA Ball Grid Array
BIOS basic input/output system
CMOS
complementary metal-oxide semiconductor
COA Certificate of Authentication
CPU Central processing unit
CRC
cyclic redundancy check
CRT
cathode ray tube
CRU
customer-replaceable unit
CTO Configure To Order
EAIA Enhanced Asset Information Area
ECA Engineering Change Announcements
EEPROM Electrically Erasable Programmable Read-Only Memory
EFI Extensible Firmware Interface
EPO emergency power-off
ESD
electrostatic discharge
EU European Union
FCC Federal Communications Commission
FRU Field Replaceable Unit
GAV General Announce Variant
GPU
graphics processing unit
HDD hard disk drive
HDMI high-definition multimedia interface
ICs integrated circuits
ICCID integrate circuit card identity 
ISO International Standardization Organization
LAN local area network
LCD
liquid crystal display
MAC
media access control
MIMO
multiple-input and multiple-output
MT machine type
MTM machine type and model
PC personal computer
© Copyright Lenovo 2020 127

--- Page 134 ---
Abbreviation Term
PCH Platform Controller Hub
POST power-on self-test
RAM random-access memory
RF radio frequency
RFID radio-frequency identification
RI ring indicator
RJ registered jack 
SATA Serial Advanced Technology Attachment
SIM
subscriber identity module
SVP
supervisor password
TFTs thin-film transistors
UEFI Unified Extensible Firmware Interface
USB Universal Serial Bus
UUID universally unique identifier
VGA
video graphics array
VRAM video random-access memory
WAN wide area network
128 T14 Gen 1 and P14s Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 136 ---
Part Number: SP40W87605  
Printed in China                                                     
(1P) P/N: SP40W87605

