Brand: LENOVO
Model: Legion Y7000
URL: https://www.manua.ls/lenovo/legion-y7000/manual
Total Pages: 68
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
Legion Y7000 2019 Series  
User Guide

--- Page 2 ---
Read this first
Before using this documentation and the product it supports, ensure that you read and understand the 
following: 
•  Appendix A “Important safety information” on page 31
•  Safety and Warranty Guide
•  Setup Guide
First Edition (March 2019)
© Copyright Lenovo 2019. 
LIMITED AND RESTRICTED RIGHTS NOTICE: If data or software is delivered pursuant to a General Services 
Administration “GSA” contract, use, reproduction, or disclosure is subject to restrictions set forth in Contract No. GS- 
35F-05925.

--- Page 3 ---
Contents
About this documentation .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . iii
Chapter 1.  Meet your computer .  .  .  .  . 1
Front .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  1
Left .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  3
Right .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  4
Rear .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  5
Bottom .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  6
Features and specifications .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  7
Statement on USB transfer rate .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  8
Chapter 2.  Get started with your  
computer .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 9
Get started with Windows 10 .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  9
Windows account .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  9
Windows user interface .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  10
Windows label .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  11
Connect to networks .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  11
Connect to wired networks .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  11
Connect to Wi-Fi networks.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  11
Use Lenovo Vantage .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  12
Interact with your computer .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  12
Hotkeys .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  13
Hidden keys .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  13
Use multimedia .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  14
Use audio .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  14
Use the camera .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  14
Connect to an external display .  .  .  .  .  .  .  14
Chapter 3.  Explore your computer .  .  17
Manage power .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  17
Check the battery status .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  17
Charge the battery .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  17
Check the battery temperature .  .  .  .  .  .  .  17
Maximize the battery life .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  17
Set power button behaviors .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  17
Transfer data .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  18
Connect to a Bluetooth-enabled device.  .  .  .  18
Airplane mode .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  18
Chapter 4.  Secure your computer 
and information .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  19
Lock the computer .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  19
Use passwords .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  19
Password types .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  19
Set administrator password .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  20
Change or remove administrator password .  .  20
Set user password .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  21
Enable power-on password .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  21
Set hard disk password .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  21
Change or remove hard disk password .  .  .  .  21
Use firewalls and antivirus programs.  .  .  .  .  .  .  22
Chapter 5.  Configure advanced  
settings.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  23
UEFI/BIOS .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  23
What is UEFI/BIOS setup utility .  .  .  .  .  .  .  23
Start the UEFI/BIOS setup utility .  .  .  .  .  .  23
Navigate in the BIOS interface .  .  .  .  .  .  .  23
Change the startup sequence .  .  .  .  .  .  .  23
Set the system date and time.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  24
Change hotkey mode.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  24
Enable/Disable always-on .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  24
Update UEFI/BIOS .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  24
Recovery information .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  24
Reset your computer .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  25
Use advanced options .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  25
Windows automatic recovery.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  25
Create and use a recovery USB device .  .  .  .  25
Chapter 6.  Help and support .  .  .  .  .  27
Frequently asked questions .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  27
Self-help resources .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  28
Call Lenovo .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  29
Before you contact Lenovo .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  29
Lenovo Customer Support Center .  .  .  .  .  .  29
Purchase additional services.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  30
Appendix A.  Important safety  
information .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  31
Appendix B.  Accessibility and 
ergonomic information .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  45
Appendix C.  Compliance  
information .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  49
Appendix D.  Notices and  
trademarks .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  61
© Copyright Lenovo 2019 i

--- Page 4 ---
ii Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 5 ---
About this documentation
•  Illustrations in this documentation might look different from your product.
•  Depending on the model, some optional accessories, features, and software programs might not be 
available on your computer.
•  Depending on the version of operating systems, some user interface instructions might not be applicable 
to your computer.
•  Documentation content is subject to change without notice. Lenovo makes constant improvements on the 
documentation of your computer, including this User Guide. To get the latest documentation, go to 
https:// 
support.lenovo.com
.
•  Microsoft
® 
makes periodic feature changes to the Windows
® 
operating system through Windows Update. 
As a result, some information in this documentation might become outdated. Refer to Microsoft resources 
for the latest information.
•  This documentation applies to the following product models. 
Model name
Machine type
Legion Y7000 2019
81NS
Lenovo Legion Y7000 2019
81NS
Legion Y7000 2019 PG0
81T0
Lenovo Legion Y7000 2019 PG0
81T0
© Copyright Lenovo 2019 iii

--- Page 6 ---
iv Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 7 ---
Chapter 1. Meet your computer
Front
2
1
3
4
5
6
7
Figure 1. Legion Y7000 2019 Series - front view
1. Wireless LAN/Bluetooth 
antennas
Send and receive radio waves for the wireless LAN/Bluetooth module. 
Note: The antennas are not visible from the outside of the computer.
2. Screen
Display text, graphics, and videos. 
Note: The screen can be rotated up to 180 degrees. Do not rotate the screen with too 
much force, or apply too much force to the upper-right or upper-left corner of the 
screen. Otherwise, the screen or hinges might get damaged.
3. Camera
Take pictures or record videos by clicking Camera from the Start menu. The indicator 
next to the camera is on when the camera is in use.
If you use other apps that support photographing, video chatting, and video 
conference, the camera starts automatically when you enable the camera-required 
feature from the app.
4. Microphones Capture or record sound and voice.
© Copyright Lenovo 2019 1

--- Page 8 ---
5. Power button
Press to turn on the computer or put the computer to sleep mode.
To turn off the computer, open the Start menu, click 
Power, and then select Shut 
down.
The indicator on the power button shows the system status of your computer. 
•  Solid white: The computer is on.
•  Slow blinking white: The computer is in sleep mode.
•  Off: The computer is off or in hibernation mode.
6. Numeric keypad Quickly input numbers.
7. Touchpad Perform finger touch and all the functions of a traditional mouse.
2 Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 9 ---
Left
21
3
Figure 2. Legion Y7000 2019 Series - left view
1. Ventilation slots (outlet) Maintain the outgoing airflow to dissipate internal heat.
Note: Do not block the ventilation slots. Otherwise, the computer might overheat.
2. Always On USB 3.1 
connector Gen 1
To charge the USB-compatible devices when your computer is off, in sleep mode, or in 
hibernation mode, enable the Always On USB feature on your computer.
To configure the Always On USB settings: 
1.  Start Lenovo Vantage. See “Use Lenovo Vantage” on page 12.
2.  Select Hardware Settings ➙ Power.
3.  Locate the Always On USB section and follow the on-screen instructions to select 
options of your preference.
Note: The Always On USB 3.1 connector Gen 1 does not work if you click Charge 
from Sleep and your computer is off without connecting to ac power.
3. Audio connector Connect headphones or a headset with a 3.5-mm (0.14-inches) and 4-pole plug to 
listen to the sound from the computer.
Note: The conventional microphone is not supported.
Chapter 1. Meet your computer 3

--- Page 10 ---
Right
1 2
3 4
Figure 3. Legion Y7000 2019 Series - right view
1. USB 3.1 connector Gen 1
Connect USB-compatible devices, such as a USB keyboard, USB mouse, USB 
storage device, or USB printer.
2. Novo button
When the computer is off, press this button to go to Novo button menu.
3. Power indicator
The indicator shows the system status of your computer. 
•  Solid white: The computer is on.
•  Slow blinking white: The computer is in sleep mode.
•  Off: The computer is off or in hibernation mode.
4. Ventilation slots (outlet)
Maintain the outgoing airflow to dissipate internal heat.
Note: Do not block the ventilation slots. Otherwise, the computer might overheat.
4 Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 11 ---
Rear
1 2 3 4 5 6 7
8
1
Figure 4. Legion Y7000 2019 Series - rear view
1. Ventilation slots (outlet)
Maintain the outgoing airflow to dissipate internal heat.
Note: Do not block the ventilation slots. Otherwise, the computer might overheat.
2. USB-C™ connector
•  Charge USB-C compatible devices with the output voltage and current of 5 V and 3 
A.
•  Transfer data at USB 3.1 speed, up to 5 Gbps.
•  Connect to an external display. 
–  USB-C to VGA: 1900 × 1200 pixels, 60 Hz
–  USB-C to DP: 3840 × 2160 pixels, 60 Hz
•  Connect to USB-C accessories to expand computer functionality. To purchase 
USB-C accessories, go to 
https://www.lenovo.com/accessories
Note: When the battery power is below 10%, the connected USB-C accessories 
might not work correctly.
3. Mini DisplayPort
® 
connector
Connect to a compatible projector, external monitor, or high-definition television 
(HDTV).
4. USB 3.1 connector Gen 1
Connect USB-compatible devices, such as a USB keyboard, USB mouse, USB 
storage device, or USB printer.
5. HDMI™ connector
Connect to a compatible digital audio device or video monitor, such as an HDTV.
6. Ethernet connector
Connect to a local area network (LAN). When the green indicator is on, the computer is 
connected to a LAN. When the yellow indicator blinks, data is being transmitted.
7. Power connector
Connect to ac power through an ac power adapter.
8. Mini security-lock slot
Lock your computer to a desk, table, or other fixtures through a compatible security 
cable lock.
Chapter 1. Meet your computer 5

--- Page 12 ---
Bottom
2
1
2
Figure 5. Legion Y7000 2019 Series - bottom view
1. Ventilation slots (inlet) Maintain the incoming airflow to dissipate internal heat.
Note: Do not block the ventilation slots. Otherwise, the computer might overheat.
2. Speakers
Produce sound.
6 Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 13 ---
Features and specifications
Dimensions
•  Legion Y7000 2019 and Lenovo Legion Y7000 2019 
–  Width: 360 mm (14.17 inches)
–  Depth: 267 mm (10.51 inches)
–  Thickness: 25.9 mm (1.02 inches)
•  Legion Y7000 2019 PG0 and Lenovo Legion Y7000 2019 PG0 
–  Width: 360 mm (14.17 inches)
–  Depth: 267 mm (10.51 inches)
–  Thickness: 25.2 mm (0.99 inches)
Power source (ac power 
adapter)
•  Sine-wave input at 50 Hz to 60 Hz
•  Input rating of the ac power adapter: 100 V to 240 V ac
•  Output: 20 V dc
Battery pack
•  52.5 Wh or 57 Wh
•  3 Cells
Note: The battery capacity is the typical or average capacity as measured in a specific 
test environment. Capacities measured in other environments may differ but are no 
lower than the rated capacity (see product label).
Microprocessor
To view the microprocessor information of your computer, right-click the Start button 
and then click System.
Memory Double data rate 4 (DDR4) small outline dual in-line memory module (SODIMM)
Storage device
•  2.5-inch form factor, 7-mm (0.28-inch) height hard disk drive 
*
•  M.2 solid-state drive 
*
•  Intel
® 
Optane™ memory 
*
Display
•  Display size: 396.24 mm (15.6 inches)
•  Display resolution: 1920 x 1080 pixels
Keyboard
•  Function keys
•  Numeric keypad
•  Six-row keyboard (with backlight)
Connectors and slots
•  ac power connector
•  Audio connector
•  Ethernet connector
•  Always On USB 3.1 connector Gen 1
•  Two USB 3.1 connectors Gen 1
•  USB-C connector
•  HDMI connector
•  Mini DisplayPort connector
Security features
•  Password
•  Mini security-lock slot
Chapter 1. Meet your computer 7

--- Page 14 ---
Wireless features
•  Bluetooth
•  Wireless LAN
Others
•  Camera
•  Microphones
* 
for selected models
Statement on USB transfer rate
Depending on many factors such as the processing capability of the host and peripheral devices, file 
attributes, and other factors related to system configuration and operating environments, the actual transfer 
rate using the various USB connectors on this device will vary and will be slower than the data rate listed 
below for each corresponding device.
USB device Data rate (Gbit/s)
3.1 Gen 1
5
3.1 Gen 2
10
3.2 20
8 Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 15 ---
Chapter 2. Get started with your computer
Get started with Windows 10
Learn the basics of Windows 10 and start working with it right away. For more information about Windows 
10, see the Windows help information.
Windows account
To use the Windows operating system, a user account is required. It can either be a Windows user account, 
or a Microsoft account.
Windows user account
When you start Windows for the first time, you are prompted to create a Windows user account. This first 
account you created is of the “Administrator” type. With an Administrator account, you can create additional 
user accounts or change account types by doing the following:  
1.  Open the Start menu and select Settings ➙ Accounts ➙ other people.
2.  Follow the on-screen instructions.
Microsoft account
You can also log in to the Windows operating system with a Microsoft account.
To create a Microsoft account, go to the Microsoft sign-up page at 
https://signup.live.com and follow the on- 
screen instructions.
With a Microsoft account, you can: 
•  Enjoy one-time signing in if you are using other Microsoft services, such as OneDrive, Skype, and Outlook. 
com.
•  Sync personalized settings across other Windows-based devices.
© Copyright Lenovo 2019 9

--- Page 16 ---
Windows user interface
1
2
3
4 5 6 1087 9
1. Account 
Change account settings, lock the computer, or sign out from the current 
account.
2. Settings 
Launch Settings.
3. Power 
Shut down, restart, or put the computer into sleep.
4. Start button 
Open the Start menu.
5. Windows Search 
Type what you are looking for in the search box and get search results from 
your computer and the Web.
6. Task View 
Display all opened apps and switch among them.
7. Windows notification area
Display notifications and status of some features.
8. Battery status icon
Display power status and change battery or power settings. When your 
computer is not connected to ac power, the icon changes to 
.
9. Network icon
Connect to an available wireless network and display the network status. When 
connected to a wired network, the icon changes to 
.
10. Action center 
Display the latest notifications from apps and provide quick access to some 
features.
Open the Start menu
•  Click the Start button.
•  Press the Windows logo key on the keyboard.
10
Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 17 ---
Access Control Panel
•  Open the Start menu and click Windows System ➙ Control Panel.
•  Use Windows Search.
Launch an app
•  Open the Start menu and select the app you want to launch.
•  Use Windows Search.
Windows label
Your computer might have a Windows 10 Genuine Microsoft label affixed to its cover depending on the 
following factors: 
•  Your geographic location
•  Edition of Windows 10 that is preinstalled
Go to 
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/howtotell/Hardware.aspx for illustrations of the various types of 
Genuine Microsoft labels. 
•  In the People’s Republic of China, the Genuine Microsoft label is required on all computer models 
preinstalled with any version of Windows 10.
•  In other countries and regions, the Genuine Microsoft label is required only on computer models licensed 
for Windows 10 Pro.
The absence of a Genuine Microsoft label does not indicate that the preinstalled Windows version is not 
genuine. For details on how to tell whether your preinstalled Windows product is genuine, refer to the 
information provided by Microsoft at 
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/howtotell/default.aspx.
There are no external, visual indicators of the Product ID or Windows version for which the computer is 
licensed. Instead, the Product ID is recorded in the computer firmware. Whenever a Windows 10 product is 
installed, the installation program checks the computer firmware for a valid, matching Product ID to complete 
the activation.
In some cases, an earlier Windows version might be preinstalled under the terms of the Windows 10 Pro 
license downgrade rights.
Connect to networks
Your computer helps you connect to the world through a wired or wireless network.
Connect to wired networks
If your computer includes an Ethernet (RJ-45) connector, you can use an Ethernet cable to connect your 
computer to a wired network.
Connect to Wi-Fi networks
1.  Click the network icon in the Windows notification area. A list of available wireless networks is displayed.
2.  Select a network to connect. Provide required information if needed.
Chapter 2. Get started with your computer 11

--- Page 18 ---
Use Lenovo Vantage
The preinstalled Lenovo Vantage is a customized one-stop solution to help you maintain your computer with 
automated updates and fixes, configure hardware settings, and get personalized support.
Access Lenovo Vantage
Open the Start menu and click Lenovo Vantage. You also can type Lenovo Vantage in the search box.
To download the latest version of Lenovo Vantage, go to Microsoft Store and search by the app name.
Key features
Lenovo Vantage makes periodic updates of the features to keep improving your experience with your 
computer. 
Note: The available features vary depending on the computer model.
•  System Update
Download and install firmware and driver updates to keep your computer up-to-date. You can configure 
the options to install updates automatically when available.
•  Hardware Settings
Configure intelligent settings of the following hardware to make your computer smarter to use: 
–  Always On USB
–  Battery
–  Camera
–  Computer display
–  Keyboard
–  Microphone
–  Speakers
–  Touchpad
•  Health & Support
Monitor your computer health and get personalized support of your computer. You can: 
–  Scan the computer hardware.
–  Look up computer warranty status (online).
–  Access User Guide.
–  Read tips and tricks articles customized for your computer.
•  Lenovo Wi-Fi Security
Protect your computer from malicious Wi-Fi networks.
Interact with your computer
Your computer provides you various ways to navigate the screen.
12
Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 19 ---
Hotkeys
Some keys on the keyboard are printed with icons. These keys are called hotkeys and can be pressed alone 
or in combination with the Fn key to access certain Windows functions or settings quickly. The functions of 
hotkeys are symbolized by the icons printed on them.
Hotkey 
Function
Mute/Unmute sound.
/ 
Decrease/Increase volume.
Enable/Disable the microphones.
/ 
Decrease/Increase the screen brightness.
Switch display devices.
Turn on/off airplane mode.
Start the Settings app.
Enable/Disable the camera.
Enable/Disable the touchpad.
Switch between insert mode and overtype mode.
Enable/Disable the print screen function.
Start/End screen recording. 
Note: This function is available only when you are playing games.
Turn on/off the keyboard backlight. 
Note: You can also press Fn and this hotkey to adjust the backlight brightness.
Hotkey mode
Some hotkeys share keys with functions keys (F1 to F12). The hotkey mode is a UEFI/BIOS setting that 
changes how hotkeys (or function keys) are used.
Hotkey mode setting How to use hotkeys How to use function keys
Disabled Hold down the Fn key and press one 
of the hotkeys. 
Press the function keys directly.
Enabled  Press the hotkeys directly.  Hold down the Fn key and press one 
of the function keys. 
Note: Hotkeys that do not share keys with function keys are not affected by the hotkey mode setting. They 
should always be used with the Fn key.
Hidden keys
Some numeric and character keys on your keyboard can be used with the Fn key to enable certain settings. 
These keys are called hidden keys.
Chapter 2. Get started with your computer 13

--- Page 20 ---
Hidden keys
Function
Fn + 4
Enter sleep mode.
Fn + B Activate the break function.
Fn + K Enable/Disable scroll lock.
Fn + L
Enable/Disable the Y-shaped logo backlight.
Fn + P
Activate the pause function.
Fn + Q
Adjust thermal mode.
Fn + S
Activate system request.
Use multimedia
Use your computer for business or entertainment with the built-in components (camera, speakers, and audio 
features) or connected external devices (an external projector, monitor, and HDTV).
Use audio
To enhance your listening experience, connect speakers, headphones, or a headset with a 3.5-mm (0.14- 
inches) and 4-pole plug to the audio connector.
Change the sound settings
1.  Go to Control Panel and view by category.
2.  Click Hardware and Sound ➙ Sound.
3.  Change the settings as you prefer.
Use the camera
You can use the built-in camera to take photos or record videos. The indicator next to the camera turns on 
when the camera is activated.
To take photos or record a video: 
1.  Open the Start menu and click Camera.
2.  To take a photo, click the camera icon. If you want to record video, click the video icon to switch to 
video mode. 
If you use other programs that provide features such as photographing, video capturing, and video 
conference, the camera starts automatically when you enable the camera-required feature.
To configure the camera settings, open the Start menu and then click Lenovo Vantage ➙ Hardware 
Settings ➙ Audio/Visual. Locate the Camera section and then follow the on-screen instructions to 
configure the camera settings.
Connect to an external display
Connect your computer to a projector or a monitor to give presentations or expand your workspace.
Connect a wired display
1.  Connect the external display to an appropriate video connector on your computer, such as the HDMI 
connector or Mini DisplayPort connector. 
14
Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 21 ---
2.  Connect the external display to an electrical outlet.
3.  Turn on the external display.
If your computer cannot detect the external display, right-click a blank area on the desktop, and then click 
Display settings ➙ Detect.
Supported resolution
Your computer supports the following video resolution, if the external display also supports that resolution. 
Connect the external display to Supported resolution
the USB-C connector or the Mini DisplayPort connector Up to 3840 x 2160 pixels / 60 Hz
the HDMI connector
Up to 3840 x 2160 pixels / 60 Hz
Connect a wireless display (for computers and external displays supporting Miracast
®
)
•  Open the Start menu, and then click Settings ➙ Devices ➙ Connected devices ➙ Add a device.
•  Click the action center icon 
in the Windows notification area and click Connect. Select the wireless 
display and follow the on-screen instructions.
Set the display mode
Press 
and then select a display mode of your preference.
•  PC screen only: Displays the video output only on your computer screen. 
Note: Depending on the situation, you might see Disconnect, PC screen only, Computer only, or 
Disconnect projector.
•  Duplicate: Displays the same video output on both your computer screen and an external display.
•  Extend: Extends the video output from your computer display to an external display. You can drag and 
move items between the two displays.
•  Second screen only: Displays the video output only on an external display.
Note: Depending on the situation, you might see Projector only or Second screen only.
If you show programs using DirectDraw or Direct3D
® 
in full-screen mode, only the main display shows the 
video output.
Change display settings
1.  Right-click a blank area on the desktop and select Display settings.
2.  Select the display that you want to configure.
3.  Change display settings of your preference.
You can change the settings for both the computer display and the external display. For example, you can 
define which one is the main display and which one is the secondary display. You also can change the 
resolution and orientation. 
Note: If you set a higher resolution for the computer display than the external display, only part of the screen 
can be displayed on the external display.
Chapter 2. Get started with your computer 15

--- Page 22 ---
16 Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 23 ---
Chapter 3. Explore your computer
Manage power
Use the information in this section to achieve the best balance between performance and power efficiency.
Check the battery status
The battery status icon  or  is in the Windows notification area. You can check the battery status, view 
the current power plan, and access battery settings quickly.
Click the battery status icon to display the percentage of battery power remaining and change the power 
mode. A warning message is displayed when the battery is low.
Charge the battery
When the battery power is low, charge your battery by connecting your computer to ac power.
The battery is fully charged in about four to eight hours. The actual charging time depends on the battery 
size, the physical environment, and whether you are using the computer. 
Battery charging is also affected by its temperature. The recommended temperature range for charging the 
battery is between 10°C (50°F) and 35°C (95°F).
Note: To maximize the life of the battery, the computer does not start recharging the battery if the remaining 
power is greater than 95%.
Check the battery temperature
1.  Open the Start menu and click Lenovo Vantage.
2.  Click Hardware Settings ➙ Power.
3.  Locate the Power Status section and then click Show Details to view the battery temperature.
Maximize the battery life
•  Lower the brightness of the computer display.
•  Turn off the wireless features when not in use.
•  Use the battery until the charge is depleted.
•  Recharge the battery completely before using it.
Set power button behaviors
You can define what the power button does according to your preference. For example, by pressing the 
power button, you can turn off the computer or put the computer to sleep or hibernation mode.
To change what the power button does: 
1.  Right-click the battery status icon in the Windows notification area. 
2.  Click Power Options ➙ Choose what the power button does.
3.  Change the settings as you prefer.
© Copyright Lenovo 2019 17

--- Page 24 ---
Transfer data
Quickly share your files using the built-in Bluetooth among devices with the same features.
Connect to a Bluetooth-enabled device
You can connect all types of Bluetooth device to your computer, such as a keyboard, a mouse, a 
smartphone, or speakers. The devices must be within a short distance, usually 10 meters (33 feet), from the 
computer.
1.  Open the Start menu, and then click Settings ➙ Devices ➙ Bluetooth & other devices. Turn on the 
Bluetooth switch.
2.  Click Add Bluetooth or other device ➙ Bluetooth.
3.  Select a Bluetooth device, and then follow the on-screen instructions. 
Your Bluetooth-enabled device and computer will automatically connect the next time if the two devices are 
in range of each other with Bluetooth turned on. You can use Bluetooth for data transfer or remote control 
and communication.
Airplane mode
When the Airplane mode is enabled, all wireless features are disabled. 
To enable or disable the Airplane mode: 
1.  Open the Start menu.
2.  Click Settings ➙ Network & Internet ➙ Airplane mode.
3.  Turn on or turn off the Airplane mode switch.
18
Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 25 ---
Chapter 4. Secure your computer and information
Lock the computer
Lock your computer to a desk, table, or other fixtures through a compatible security cable lock. 
Note: The slot supports cable locks that conform to the Kensington MiniSaver
® 
lock standards using 
Cleat™ locking technology. Do not attempt to use other types of cable locks that use a rotating T-bar™ 
locking mechanism.You are responsible for evaluating, selecting, and implementing the locking device and 
security feature. Lenovo makes no comments, judgments, or warranties about the function, quality, or 
performance of the locking device and security feature. Cable locks for your product are available from 
Lenovo at 
https://www.lenovoquickpick.com.
Use passwords
This section introduces types of passwords in UEFI (Unified Extensible Firmware Interface) or BIOS (Basic 
Input/Output System) and how to set, change, and remove a password.
Password types
You can set various passwords in the UEFI/BIOS setup utility.
© Copyright Lenovo 2019 19

--- Page 26 ---
Password type Pre-requisite When set 
Administrator password  No You must enter it to start the setup 
utility.
User password The administrator password must be 
set. 
You can use the user password to 
start the setup utility. 
Master hard disk password No You must enter it to start the 
operating system.
User hard disk password  The master hard disk password must 
be set.
You can use the user hard disk 
password to start the operating 
system. 
Notes: 
•  All passwords set in the setup utility consist of alphanumeric characters only.
•  If you start the setup utility using the user password, you can only change a few settings.
Set administrator password
You set the administrator password to prevent unauthorized access to the UEFI/BIOS setup utility. 
Attention: If you forget the administrator password, a Lenovo authorized servicer cannot reset your 
password. You must take your computer to a Lenovo authorized service personnel or a marketing 
representative to have the system board replaced. Proof of purchase is required and a fee will be charged for 
parts and service.
Step 1.  Start the UEFI/BIOS setup utility.
Step 2.  Select Security ➙ Set Administrator Password and press Enter.
Step 3.  Enter a password string that contains only letters and numbers. Then, press Enter.
Step 4.  Enter the password again and press Enter.
Step 5.  Select Exit ➙ Exit Saving Changes.
Next time you start the computer, you must enter the administrator password to start the setup utility. If 
Power on Password is enabled, you must enter the administrator password or the user password to start 
the computer.
Change or remove administrator password
Only the administrator can change or remove the administrator password.
Step 1.  Start the UEFI/BIOS setup utility using the administrator password.
Step 2.  Select Security ➙ Set Administrator Password and press Enter.
Step 3.  Enter the current password.
Step 4.  In the Enter New Password text box, enter the new password.
Step 5.  In the Confirm New Password text box, enter the new password again. 
Note: If you want to remove the password, press Enter in both text boxes and do not enter any 
character.
Step 6.  Select Exit ➙ Exit Saving Changes.
If you removes the administrator password, the user password is also removed.
20
Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 27 ---
Set user password
Before you can set up user password, the administrator password must be set.
The administrator of the setup utility might need to set up a user password for use by others.
Step 1.  Start the UEFI/BIOS setup utility using the administrator password.
Step 2.  Select Security ➙ Set User Password and press Enter. 
Note: The user password must be different from the administrator password.
Step 3.  Enter a password string that contains only letters and numbers. Then, press Enter.The user 
password must be different from the administrator password.
Step 4.  Enter the password again and press Enter.
Step 5.  Select Exit ➙ Exit Saving Changes.
Enable power-on password
If the administrator password has been set, you can enable power-on password to enforce greater security.
Step 1.  Start the UEFI/BIOS setup utility.
Step 2.  Select Security ➙ Power on Password and press Enter. 
Note: The administrator password must be set in advance.
Step 3.  Change the setting to Enabled.
Step 4.  Select Exit ➙ Exit Saving Changes.
If power-on password is enabled, a prompt appears on the screen every time you turn on the computer. You 
must enter the administrator or user password to start the computer.
Set hard disk password
You can set a hard disk password in the setup utility to prevent unauthorized access to your data. 
Attention: Be extremely careful when setting a hard disk password. If you forget the hard disk password, a 
Lenovo authorized service personnel cannot reset your password or recover data from the hard disk. You 
must take your computer to a Lenovo authorized service personnel or a marketing representative to have the 
hard disk drive replaced. Proof of purchase is required and a fee will be charged for parts and service.
Step 1.  Start the UEFI/BIOS setup utility.
Step 2.  Select Security ➙ Set Hard Disk Password and press Enter. 
Note: If you start the setup utility using the user password, you cannot set hard disk password.
Step 3.  Follow on-screen instructions to set both the master and the user passwords. 
Note: The master and user hard disk passwords must be set at the same time.
Step 4.  Select Exit ➙ Exit Saving Changes.
If the hard disk password is set, you must enter the correct password to start the operating system.
Change or remove hard disk password
Step 1.  Start the UEFI/BIOS setup utility.
Step 2.  Select Security.
Chapter 4. Secure your computer and information 21

--- Page 28 ---
Step 3.  Change or remove the hard disk password. 
To change or remove master password, select Change Master Password and press Enter. 
Note: If you remove the master hard disk password, the user hard disk password is also removed.
To change user password, select Change User Password and press Enter. 
Note: The user hard disk password cannot be removed separately.
Step 4.  Select Exit ➙ Exit Saving Changes.
Use firewalls and antivirus programs
Your computer might be preinstalled with a firewall program. The firewall protects against computer Internet 
security threats, unauthorized access, intrusions, and Internet attacks. It also protects your privacy.
A full version of antivirus program is provided with a free 30-day subscription. After 30 days, you must renew 
the license to continue receiving the antivirus program updates.
For more information, see the help system of the program.
22
Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 29 ---
Chapter 5. Configure advanced settings
This chapter provides information about UEFI/BIOS, recovery, operating system installation, and system 
management.
UEFI/BIOS
This section introduces what is UEFI/BIOS and the operations you can perform in UEFI/BIOS.
What is UEFI/BIOS setup utility
UEFI/BIOS is the first program that the computer runs when the computer is turned on. UEFI/BIOS initializes 
the hardware components and loads the operating system and other programs. Your computer may include 
a setup program (setup utility) with which you can change UEFI/BIOS settings.
Start the UEFI/BIOS setup utility
Step 1.  Turn on or restart the computer.
Step 2.  When the Lenovo logo appears on the screen, press F2 repeatedly. 
Note: For computers with hotkey mode enabled, press Fn + F2.
Navigate in the BIOS interface
You can navigate in the BIOS interface by pressing the following keys: 
F1
Display the General Help screen.
F9 Restore to the default settings.
F10 Save your configuration and exit.
F5
Change to a lower value.
F6 Change to a higher value.
↑↓ Locate an item.
← → Select a tab.
Esc Exit the submenu and return to the parent menu.
Enter Enter the selected tab or submenu.
Change the startup sequence
1.  Start the UEFI/BIOS setup utility.
2.  Select Startup ➙ Boot. Then press Enter. The default device order list is displayed.
Note: The Boot menu is displayed if the computer cannot start from any devices or the operating 
system cannot be found.
3.  Set the startup sequence as desired.
4.  Press F10 to save the changes and restart the computer.
To change the startup sequence temporarily: 
© Copyright Lenovo 2019 23

--- Page 30 ---
1.  Restart the computer. When the logo screen is displayed, press F12.
2.  Select the device that you want the computer to start from and press Enter.
Set the system date and time
1.  Start the UEFI/BIOS setup utility.
2.  Select Date/Time and set the system date and time as desired.
3.  Press F10 to save changes and exit.
Change hotkey mode
Step 1.  Start the UEFI/BIOS setup utility.
Step 2.  Select Configuration ➙ Hotkey Mode and press Enter; change the setting to Disabled or 
Enabled.
Step 3.  Select Exit ➙ Exit Saving Changes.
Enable/Disable always-on
For some Lenovo computers with always-on connectors, the always-on function can be enabled/disabled in 
the UEFI/BIOS setup utility.
Step 1.  Start the UEFI/BIOS setup utility.
Step 2.  Select Configuration ➙ Always On USB and press Enter; change the setting to Disabled or 
Enabled.
Step 3.  Select Exit ➙ Exit Saving Changes.
Note: If Lenovo Vantage (software) is pre-installed on your computer, you can also enable/disable always-on 
in it.
Update UEFI/BIOS
When you install a new program, device driver, or hardware component, you might need to update UEFI/ 
BIOS.
Download and install the latest UEFI/BIOS update package by one of the following methods: 
•  From Lenovo Vantage: 
1.  Open Lenovo Vantage. See “Use Lenovo Vantage” on page 12.
2.  Click System Update. In the Lenovo System Update section, click Check For Updates. The 
available update packages are displayed and categorized by critical, recommended, or optional.
3.  If the latest UEFI/BIOS update package is available, select the package and click Install selected. 
Then, the update package will be downloaded and installed automatically.
•  From the Lenovo Support Web site:
Go to 
https://support.lenovo.com and select the entry for your computer. Then, follow the on-screen 
instructions to download and install the latest UEFI/BIOS update package.
Recovery information
This section introduces the recovery information of the Windows 10 operating system. Ensure that you read 
and follow the on-screen recovery instructions. The data on your computer might be deleted during the 
recovery process. To avoid data loss, make a backup copy of all the data that you want to keep.
24
Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 31 ---
Reset your computer
In the resetting process, you can choose to keep your files or remove them when you reinstall the operating 
system. 
Note: The items in the graphical user interface (GUI) might change without notice.
1.  Open the Start menu, and then click Settings ➙ Update & Security ➙ Recovery.
2.  In the Reset this PC section, click Get started.
3.  Follow the on-screen instructions to reset your computer.
Use advanced options
Note: The items in the graphical user interface (GUI) might change without notice.
1.  Open the Start menu, and then click Settings ➙ Update & security ➙ Recovery.
2.  In the Advanced startup section, click Restart now ➙ Troubleshoot ➙ Advanced options.
3.  Select a preferred option from the following list, and then follow the on-screen instructions. 
•  Restore the Windows operating system from a restore point recorded on your computer
•  Restore the Windows operating system from a specific system image
•  Fix problems that prevent the Windows operating system from loading
•  Use the Command Prompt for advanced troubleshooting
•  Change the UEFI firmware settings on your computer
•  Change the startup settings of the Windows operating system
•  Go back to the previous build
Windows automatic recovery
Note: Ensure that your computer is connected to ac power during the recovery process.
The Windows recovery environment on your computer operates independently from the Windows 10 
operating system. It enables you to recover or repair the operating system even if the Windows 10 operating 
system fails to start.
After two consecutive failed boot attempts, the Windows recovery environment starts automatically. Then 
you can choose repair and recovery options by following the on-screen instructions.
Create and use a recovery USB device
It is recommended that you create a recovery USB drive as early as possible as a backup for the Windows 
recovery programs. With the recovery USB drive, you can troubleshoot and fix the problems even if the 
preinstalled Windows recovery programs are damaged. If you did not create a recovery USB drive as a 
precautionary measure, you can contact Lenovo Customer Support Center and purchase one from Lenovo. 
For a list of the Lenovo Support phone numbers for your country or region, go to: 
https://pcsupport.lenovo.com/supportphonelist
Create a recovery USB drive
Attention: The creation process deletes anything stored on the USB drive. To avoid data loss, make a 
backup copy of all the data that you want to keep.
1.  Ensure that your computer is connected to ac power.
Chapter 5. Configure advanced settings 25

--- Page 32 ---
2.  Prepare a USB drive with at least 16 GB of storage capacity. The actual USB capacity required depends 
on the size of the recovery image.
3.  Connect the prepared USB drive to the computer.
4.  Type recovery in the search box. Then click Create a recovery drive.
5.  Click Yes in the User Account Control window to allow the Recovery Media Creator program to start.
6.  In the Recovery Drive window, follow the on-screen instructions to create a recovery USB drive.
Use the recovery USB drive 
1.  Ensure that your computer is connected to ac power.
2.  Connect the recovery USB drive to the computer.
3.  Turn on or restart the computer. When the logo screen is displayed, press F12. The Boot Menu window 
opens.
4.  Select the recovery USB drive as the boot device.
5.  Click Troubleshoot to display optional recovery solutions.
6.  Select a recovery solution as desired. Then follow the on-screen instructions to complete the process.
26
Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 33 ---
Chapter 6. Help and support
Frequently asked questions
How do I access Control Panel?
•  Open the Start menu and click Windows System ➙ Control Panel.
•  Use Windows Search.
How do I turn off my computer?
Open the Start menu and click 
Power. Then click Shut down.
How do I partition my storage 
drive?
https://support.lenovo.com/solutions/ht503851
What do I do if my computer stops 
responding.
Press and hold the power button until the computer turns off. Then restart the 
computer.
What do I do if I spill liquid on the 
computer?
1.  Carefully unplug the ac power adapter and turn off the computer 
immediately. The more quickly you stop the current from passing through 
the computer the more likely you will reduce damage from short circuits.  
Attention: Although you might lose some data or work by turning off the 
computer immediately, leaving the computer on might make your computer 
unusable.
2.  Do not try to drain out the liquid by turning over the computer. If your 
computer has keyboard drainage holes on the bottom, the liquid will be 
drained out through the holes.
3.  Wait until you are certain that all the liquid is dry before turning on your 
computer. 
How do I enter the BIOS menu?
Restart the computer. When the logo screen is displayed, press F2 to enter the 
BIOS menu.
Where can I get the latest device 
drivers and UEFI/BIOS?
•  See “Update UEFI/BIOS” on page 24.
•  Download from Lenovo Support Web site at 
https://support.lenovo.com.
© Copyright Lenovo 2019 27

--- Page 34 ---
Self-help resources
Use the following self-help resources to learn more about the computer and troubleshoot problems.
Resources  How to access?
Use Lenovo Vantage to: 
•  Download and install the latest drivers and firmware.
•  Configure hardware settings.
•  Diagnose computer hardware problems.
•  Check the computer warranty status.
•  Protect you computer from malicious Wi-Fi networks.
•  Open the Start menu and click Lenovo Vantage.
•  Use Windows Search.
Product documentation: 
•  Safety and Warranty Guide 
•  Setup Guide 
•  This User Guide
•  Regulatory Notice
1.  Go to 
https://support.lenovo.com.
2.  Detect your computer or select computer model 
manually.
3.  Select Documentation and filter out the 
documentation you want.
Lenovo Support Web site with the latest support 
information of the following: 
•  Drivers and software
•  Diagnostic solutions
•  Product and service warranty
•  Product and parts details
•  Knowledge base and frequently asked questions
https://support.lenovo.com
Windows help information
•  Open the Start menu and click Get Help or Tips.
•  Use Windows Search or the Cortana
® 
personal 
assistant.
•  Microsoft support Web site: 
https:// 
support.microsoft.com
28 Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 35 ---
Call Lenovo
If you have tried to correct the problem yourself and still need help, you can call Lenovo Customer Support 
Center.
Before you contact Lenovo
Prepare the following before you contact Lenovo: 
1.  Record the problem symptoms and details: 
•  What is the problem? Is it continuous or intermittent?
•  Any error message or error code?
•  What operating system are you using? Which version?
•  Which software applications were running at the time of the problem?
•  Can the problem be reproduced? If so, how?
2.  Record the system information: 
•  Product name
•  Machine type and serial number
The following illustration shows where to find the machine type and serial number of your computer. 
Lenovo Customer Support Center
During the warranty period, you can call Lenovo Customer Support Center for help. 
Telephone numbers
For a list of the Lenovo Support phone numbers for your country or region: 
•  Go to 
https://pcsupport.lenovo.com/supportphonelist for the latest phone numbers.
•  Refer to the Safety and Warranty Guide that comes with your computer.
Note: Phone numbers are subject to change without notice. If the number for your country or region is not 
provided, contact your Lenovo reseller or Lenovo marketing representative.
Services available during the warranty period
•  Problem determination - Trained personnel are available to assist you with determining if you have a 
hardware problem and deciding what action is necessary to fix the problem.
•  Lenovo hardware repair - If the problem is determined to be caused by Lenovo hardware under warranty, 
trained service personnel are available to provide the applicable level of service.
Chapter 6. Help and support 29

--- Page 36 ---
•  Engineering change management - Occasionally, there might be changes that are required after a product 
has been sold. Lenovo or your reseller, if authorized by Lenovo, will make selected Engineering Changes 
(ECs) that apply to your hardware available.
Services not covered
•  Replacement or use of parts not manufactured for or by Lenovo or nonwarranted parts
•  Identification of software problem sources
•  Configuration of UEFI/BIOS as part of an installation or upgrade
•  Changes, modifications, or upgrades to device drivers
•  Installation and maintenance of network operating systems (NOS)
•  Installation and maintenance of programs
For the terms and conditions of the Lenovo Limited Warranty that apply to your Lenovo hardware product, 
see “Warranty information” in the Safety and Warranty Guide that comes with your computer.
Purchase additional services
During and after the warranty period, you can purchase additional services from Lenovo at https:// 
www.lenovo.com/services
.
Service availability and service name might vary by country or region.
30
Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 37 ---
Appendix A. Important safety information
Safety notices
This information can help you safely use your computer. Follow and retain all information included with your 
computer. The information in this document does not alter the terms of your purchase agreement or the 
Limited Warranty. For more information, see "Warranty Information" in the Safety and Warranty Guide that 
comes with your computer.
Customer safety is important. Our products are developed to be safe and effective. However, personal 
computers are electronic devices. Power cords, power adapters, and other features can create potential 
safety risks that can result in physical injury or property damage, especially if misused. To reduce these risks, 
follow the instructions included with your product, observe all warnings on the product and in the operating 
instructions, and review the information included in this document carefully. By carefully following the 
information contained in this document and provided with your product, you can help protect yourself from 
hazards and create a safer computer work environment.
Note: This information includes references to power adapters and batteries. In addition, some products 
(such as speakers and monitors) ship with external power adapters. If you have such a product, this 
information applies to your product. In addition, computer products contain a coin-sized internal battery that 
provides power to the system clock even when the computer is unplugged, so the battery safety information 
applies to all computer products.
Important information about using your computer
Ensure that you follow the important tips given here to get the most use and enjoyment out of your computer. 
Failure to do so might lead to discomfort or injury, or cause the computer to fail.
Protect yourself from the heat that your computer generates.
When your computer is turned on or the battery is charging, the base, the palm 
rest, and some other parts may become hot. The temperature they reach 
depends on the amount of system activity and the level of charge in the 
battery.
Extended contact with your body, even through clothing, could cause 
discomfort or even a skin burn. 
•  Avoid keeping your hands, your lap, or any other part of your body in 
contact with a hot section of the computer for more than 10 seconds.
•  Periodically take hands from using the keyboard by lifting your hands from 
the palm rest.
© Copyright Lenovo 2019 31

--- Page 38 ---
Protect yourself from the heat generated by the ac power adapter.
When the ac power adapter is connected to an electrical outlet and your 
computer, it generates heat.
Extended contact with your body, even through clothing, may cause a skin 
burn. 
•  Do not place the ac power adapter in contact with any part of your body 
while it is in use.
•  Never use it to warm your body.
•  Do not wrap the cords around the ac power adapter while in use.
Prevent your computer from getting wet.
To avoid spills and the danger of electrical shock, keep liquids away from your 
computer.
Protect the cables from being damaged.
Applying strong force to cables may damage or break them.
Route communication lines, or the cables of an ac power adapter, a mouse, a 
keyboard, a printer, or any other electronic device, so that they cannot be 
walked on, tripped over, pinched by your computer or other objects, or in any 
way subject to treatment that could interfere with the operation of your 
computer.
Protect your computer and data when moving it.
Before moving a computer equipped with a hard disk drive, do one of the 
following: 
•  Turn it off.
•  Put it in sleep mode.
•  Put it in hibernation mode.
This helps to prevent damage to the computer, and possible loss of data.
32 Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 39 ---
Handle your computer gently.
Do not drop, bump, scratch, twist, hit, vibrate, push, or place heavy objects on 
your computer, display, or external devices.
Carry your computer carefully.
•  Use a quality carrying case that provides adequate cushioning and protection.
•  Do not pack your computer in a tightly packed suitcase or bag.
•  Before putting your computer in a carrying case, make sure that it is off, in sleep 
mode, or in hibernation mode. Do not put a computer in a carrying case while it is 
turned on.
Conditions that require immediate action
Products can become damaged due to misuse or neglect. Some product damage is serious enough 
that the product should not be used again until it has been inspected and, if necessary, repaired by an 
authorized servicer.
As with any electronic device, pay close attention to the product when it is turned on.
On very rare occasions, you might notice an odor or see a puff of smoke or sparks vent from your 
product. Or you might hear sounds like popping, cracking, or hissing. These might merely mean that 
an internal electronic component has failed in a safe and controlled manner. Or, they might indicate a 
potential safety issue. Do not take risks or attempt to diagnose the situation yourself. Contact the 
Customer Support Center for further guidance. For a list of Service and Support phone numbers, see 
the following Web site: 
https://pcsupport.lenovo.com/supportphonelist
Frequently inspect your computer and its components for damage or wear or signs of danger. If you 
have any question about the condition of a component, do not use the product. Contact the Customer 
Support Center or the product manufacturer for instructions on how to inspect the product and have it 
repaired, if necessary.
In the unlikely event that you notice any of the following conditions, or if you have any safety concerns 
with your product, stop using the product and unplug it from the power source and 
telecommunication lines until you can speak to the Customer Support Center for further guidance.
Appendix A. Important safety information 33

--- Page 40 ---
•  Power cords, plugs, power adapters, extension cords, surge protectors, or power supplies that are 
cracked, broken, or damaged.
•  Signs of overheating, smoke, sparks, or fire.
•  Damage to a battery (such as cracks, dents, or creases), discharge from a battery, or a buildup of foreign 
substances on the battery.
•  A cracking, hissing, or popping sound, or strong odor that comes from the product. 
•  Signs that liquid has been spilled or an object has fallen onto the computer product, the power cord, or 
power adapter.
•  The computer product, power cord, or power adapter has been exposed to water. 
•  The product has been dropped or damaged in any way. 
•  The product does not operate normally when you follow the operating instructions.
Note: If you notice these conditions with a product (such as an extension cord) that is not manufactured for 
or by Lenovo, stop using that product until you can contact the product manufacturer for further instructions, 
or until you get a suitable replacement.
Service and upgrades
Do not attempt to service a product yourself unless instructed to do so by the Customer Support Center or 
your documentation. Only use a Service Provider who is approved to repair your particular product.
Note: Some computer parts can be upgraded or replaced by the customer. Upgrades typically are referred 
to as options. Replacement parts approved for customer installation are referred to as Customer 
Replaceable Units, or CRUs. Lenovo provides documentation with instructions when it is appropriate for 
customers to install options or replace CRUs. You must closely follow all instructions when installing or 
replacing parts. The Off state of a power indicator does not necessarily mean that voltage levels inside a 
product are zero. Before you remove the covers from a product equipped with a power cord, always ensure 
that the power is turned off and that the product is unplugged from any power source. If you have any 
questions or concerns, contact the Customer Support Center.
Although there are no moving parts in your computer after the power cord has been disconnected, the 
following warnings are required for your safety.
Keep fingers and other parts of your body away from hazardous, moving parts. If you suffer an injury, seek 
medical care immediately.
Avoid contact with hot components inside the computer. During operation, some components become hot 
enough to burn the skin. Before you open the computer cover, turn off the computer, disconnect power, and 
wait approximately 10 minutes for the components to cool.
After replacing a CRU, reinstall all protective covers, including the computer cover, before connecting power 
and operating the computer. This action is important to help prevent unexpected electrical shock and help 
ensure the containment of an unexpected fire that could happen under extremely rare conditions.
34
Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 41 ---
When replacing CRUs, be cautious of sharp edges or corners that might cause injury. If you suffer an injury, 
seek medical care immediately.
Power cords and power adapters
DANGER
Use only the power cords and power adapters supplied by the product manufacturer.
The power cords shall be safety approved. For Germany, it shall be H03VV-F, 3G, 0.75 mm
2
, or 
better. For other countries, the suitable types shall be used accordingly.
Never wrap a power cord around a power adapter or other object. Doing so can stress the cord in 
ways that can cause the cord to fray, crack, or crimp. This can present a safety hazard.
Always route power cords so that they will not be walked on, tripped over, or pinched by objects.
Protect power cords and power adapters from liquids. For instance, do not leave your power cord 
or power adapter near sinks, tubs, toilets, or on floors that are cleaned with liquid cleansers. Liquids 
can cause a short circuit, particularly if the power cord or power adapter has been stressed by 
misuse. Liquids also can cause gradual corrosion of power cord terminals and/or the connector 
terminals on a power adapter, which can eventually result in overheating.
Ensure that all power cord connectors are securely and completely plugged into receptacles.
Do not use any power adapter that shows corrosion at the ac input pins or shows signs of 
overheating (such as deformed plastic) at the ac input pins or anywhere on the power adapter.
Do not use any power cords where the electrical contacts on either end show signs of corrosion or 
overheating or where the power cord appears to have been damaged in any way.
To prevent possible overheating, do not cover the power adapter with clothing or other objects 
when the power adapter is plugged into an electrical outlet.
Extension cords and related devices
Ensure that extension cords, surge protectors, uninterruptible power supplies, and power strips that you use 
are rated to handle the electrical requirements of the product. Never overload these devices. If power strips 
are used, the load should not exceed the power strip input rating. Consult an electrician for more information 
if you have questions about power loads, power requirements, and input ratings.
Appendix A. Important safety information 35

--- Page 42 ---
Plugs and outlets
DANGER
If a receptacle (power outlet) that you intend to use with your computer equipment appears to be 
damaged or corroded, do not use the outlet until it is replaced by a qualified electrician.
Do not bend or modify the plug. If the plug is damaged, contact the manufacturer to obtain a 
replacement.
Do not share an electrical outlet with other home or commercial appliances that draw large 
amounts of electricity; otherwise, unstable voltage might damage your computer, data, or attached 
devices.
Some products are equipped with a three-pronged plug. This plug fits only into a grounded 
electrical outlet. This is a safety feature. Do not defeat this safety feature by trying to insert it into a 
non-grounded outlet. If you cannot insert the plug into the outlet, contact an electrician for an 
approved outlet adapter or to replace the outlet with one that enables this safety feature. Never 
overload an electrical outlet. The overall system load should not exceed 80 percent of the branch 
circuit rating. Consult an electrician for more information if you have questions about power loads 
and branch circuit ratings.
Be sure that the power outlet you are using is properly wired, easily accessible, and located close to 
the equipment. Do not fully extend power cords in a way that will stress the cords.
Be sure that the power outlet provides the correct voltage and current for the product you are 
installing.
Carefully connect and disconnect the equipment from the electrical outlet.
Power supply statement
Never remove the cover on a power supply or any part that has the following label attached.
Hazardous voltage, current, and energy levels are present inside any component that has this label attached. 
There are no serviceable parts inside these components. If you suspect a problem with one of these parts, 
contact a service technician.
External devices
CAUTION: 
Do not connect or disconnect any external device cables other than Universal Serial Bus (USB) and 
1394 cables while the computer power is on; otherwise, you might damage your computer. To avoid 
possible damage to attached devices, wait at least five seconds after the computer is shut down to 
disconnect external devices.
36
Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 43 ---
General battery notice
DANGER
Batteries supplied by Lenovo for use with your product have been tested for compatibility and 
should only be replaced with approved parts. A battery other than the one specified by Lenovo, or a 
disassembled or modified battery is not covered by the warranty.
Battery abuse or mishandling can cause overheat, liquid leakage, or an explosion. To avoid possible 
injury, do the following: 
•  Do not open, dissemble, or service any battery.
•  Do not crush or puncture the battery.
•  Do not short-circuit the battery, or expose it to water or other liquids.
•  Keep the battery away from children.
•  Keep the battery away from fire.
Stop using the battery if it is damaged, or if you notice any discharge or the buildup of foreign 
materials on the battery leads.
Store the rechargeable batteries or products containing the rechargeable batteries at room 
temperature, charged to approximately 30 to 50% of capacity. We recommend that the batteries be 
charged about once per year to prevent overdischarge.
Do not put the battery in trash that is disposed of in landfills. When disposing of the battery, comply 
with local ordinances or regulations.
Notice for built-in rechargeable battery
DANGER
Do not attempt to remove or replace the built-in rechargeable battery. Replacement of the battery 
must be done by a Lenovo-authorized repair facility or technician.
Only recharge the battery strictly according to instructions included in the product documentation.
The Lenovo-authorized repair facilities or technicians recycle Lenovo batteries according to local 
laws and regulations.
Lithium coin-cell battery notice
DANGER
Danger of explosion if battery is incorrectly replaced.
If the coin-cell battery is not a CRU, do not attempt to replace the coin-cell battery. Replacement of 
the battery must be done by a Lenovo-authorized repair facility or technician.
Appendix A. Important safety information 37

--- Page 44 ---
The Lenovo-authorized repair facilities or technicians recycle Lenovo batteries according to local 
laws and regulations.
When replacing the lithium coin-cell battery, use only the same type or equivalent type that is recommended 
by the manufacturer. The battery contains lithium and can explode if not properly used, handled, or disposed 
of. Swallowing the lithium coin-cell battery will cause chocking or severe internal burns in just two hours and 
might even result in death.
Keep batteries away from children. If the lithium coin-cell battery is swallowed or placed inside any part of 
the body, seek medical care immediately.
Do not: 
•  Throw or immerse into water
•  Heat to more than 100 °C (212°F).
•  Repair or disassemble
•  Leave in an extremely low air pressure environment
•  Leave in an extremely high-temperature environment
•  Crush, puncture, cut, or incinerate
Dispose of the battery as required by local ordinances or regulations.
The following statement applies to users in the state of California, U.S.A.
California Perchlorate Information:
Products containing manganese dioxide lithium coin-cell batteries may contain perchlorate.
Perchlorate Material - special handling may apply, see 
https://www.dtsc.ca.gov/hazardouswaste/ 
perchlorate/
.
38
Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 45 ---
Heat and product ventilation
DANGER
Computers, ac power adapters, and many accessories can generate heat when turned on and when 
batteries are charging. Notebook computers can generate a significant amount of heat due to their 
compact size. Always follow these basic precautions: 
•  When your computer is turned on or the battery is charging, the base, the palm rest, and some 
other parts may become hot. Avoid keeping your hands, your lap, or any other part of your body 
in contact with a hot section of the computer for any extended length of time. When you use the 
keyboard, avoid keeping your palms on the palm rest for a prolonged period of time. Your 
computer generates some heat during normal operation. The amount of heat depends on the 
amount of system activity and the battery charge level. Extended contact with your body, even 
through clothing, could cause discomfort or even a skin burn. Periodically take breaks from using 
the keyboard by lifting your hands from the palm rest; and be careful not to use the keyboard for 
any extended length of time.
•  Do not operate your computer or charge the battery near flammable materials or in explosive 
environments.
•  Ventilation slots, fans and/or heat sinks are provided with the product for safety, comfort, and 
reliable operation. These features might inadvertently become blocked by placing the product on 
a bed, sofa, carpet, or other flexible surface. Never block, cover, or disable these features.
•  When the ac power adapter is connected to an electrical outlet and your computer, it generates 
heat. Do not place the adapter in contact with any part of your body while using it. Never use the 
ac power adapter to warm your body. Extended contact with your body, even through clothing, 
may cause a skin burn.
For your safety, always follow these basic precautions with your computer: 
•  Keep the cover closed whenever the computer is plugged in.
•  Regularly inspect the outside of the computer for dust accumulation.
•  Remove dust from vents and any perforations in the bezel. More frequent cleanings might be 
required for computers in dusty or high-traffic areas.
•  Do not restrict or block any ventilation openings.
•  Do not operate your computer inside furniture, as this might increase the risk of overheating.
•  Airflow temperatures into the computer should not exceed 35°C (95°F).
Appendix A. Important safety information 39

--- Page 46 ---
Electrical current safety information
DANGER
Electric current from power, telephone, and communication cables is hazardous.
To avoid a shock hazard: 
•  Do not use your computer during a lightning storm.
•  Do not connect or disconnect any cables or perform installation, maintenance, or reconfiguration 
of this product during an electrical storm.
•  Connect all power cords to a properly wired and grounded electrical outlet.
•  Connect properly wired outlets to any equipment that will be attached to this product.
•  Whenever possible, use one hand only to connect or disconnect signal cables.
•  Never turn on any equipment when there is evidence of fire, water, or structural damage.
•  Disconnect the attached power cords, battery, and all the cables before you open the device 
covers, unless instructed otherwise in the installation and configuration procedures.
•  Do not use your computer until all internal parts enclosures are fastened into place. Never use 
the computer when internal parts and circuits are exposed.
DANGER
Connect and disconnect cables as described in the following procedures when installing, moving, 
or opening covers on this product or attached devices.
To connect: 
1.  Turn everything OFF.
2.  First, attach all cables to devices.
3.  Attach signal cables to connectors.
4.  Attach power cords to outlets.
5.  Turn devices ON.
To disconnect: 
1.  Turn everything OFF.
2.  First, remove power cords from outlets.
3.  Remove signal cables from connectors.
4.  Remove all cables from devices.
The power cord must be disconnected from the wall outlet or receptacle before installing all other electrical 
cables connected to the computer.
The power cord may be reconnected to the wall outlet or receptacle only after all other electrical cables have 
been connected to the computer.
DANGER
During electrical storms, do not perform any replacement and do not connect the telephone cable 
to or disconnect it from the telephone outlet on the wall.
40
Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 47 ---
Liquid crystal display (LCD) notice
CAUTION: 
The liquid crystal display (LCD) is made of glass, and rough handling or dropping the computer can 
cause the LCD to break. If the LCD breaks and the internal fluid gets into your eyes or on your hands, 
immediately wash the affected areas with water for at least 15 minutes; if any symptoms are present 
after washing, get medical care.
Note: For products with mercury-containing fluorescent lamps (for example, non-LED), the fluorescent lamp 
in the liquid crystal display (LCD) contains mercury; dispose of according to local, state, or federal laws.
Using headphones or earphones
Excessive sound pressure from earphones and headphones can cause hearing loss. Adjustment of the 
equalizer to maximum increases the earphone and headphone output voltage and the sound pressure level. 
Therefore, to protect your hearing, adjust the equalizer to an appropriate level.
Excessive use of headphones or earphones for a long period of time at high volume can be dangerous if the 
output of the headphone or earphone connectors do not comply with specifications of EN 50332-2. The 
headphone output connector of your computer complies with EN 50332-2 Sub clause 7. This specification 
limits the computer’s maximum wide band true RMS output voltage to 150 mV. To help protect against 
hearing loss, ensure that the headphones or earphones you use also comply with EN 50332-2 (Clause 7 
limits) for a wide band characteristic voltage of 75 mV. Using headphones that do not comply with EN 50332- 
2 can be dangerous due to excessive sound pressure levels.
If your Lenovo computer came with headphones or earphones in the package, as a set, the combination of 
the headphones or earphones and the computer already complies with the specifications of EN 50332-1. If 
different headphones or earphones are used, ensure that they comply with EN 50332-1 (Clause 6.5 
Limitation Values). Using headphones that do not comply with EN 50332-1 can be dangerous due to 
excessive sound pressure levels.
Choking hazard notice
CHOKING HAZARD – Product contains small parts.
Keep away from children under three years.
Plastic bag notice
DANGER
Plastic bags can be dangerous. Keep plastic bags away from babies and children to avoid danger of 
suffocation.
Appendix A. Important safety information 41

--- Page 48 ---
Glass parts notice
CAUTION: 
Some parts of your product may be made of glass. This glass could break if the product is dropped on 
a hard surface or receives a substantial impact. If glass breaks, do not touch or attempt to remove it. 
Stop using your product until the glass is replaced by trained service personnel.
Static electricity prevention
Static electricity, although harmless to you, can seriously damage computer components and options. 
Improper handling of static-sensitive parts can damage the part. When you unpack an option or CRU, do not 
open the static-protective package containing the part until the instructions direct you to install it.
When you handle options or CRUs, or perform any work inside the computer, take the following precautions 
to avoid static-electricity damage:  
•  Limit your movement. Movement can cause static electricity to build up around you.
•  Always handle components carefully. Handle adapters, memory modules, and other circuit boards by the 
edges. Never touch exposed circuitry.
•  Prevent others from touching components.
•  When you install a static-sensitive option or CRU, touch the static-protective package containing the part 
to a metal expansion-slot cover or other unpainted metal surface on the computer for at least two 
seconds. This reduces static electricity in the package and your body.
•  When possible, remove the static-sensitive part from the static-protective packaging and install the part 
without setting it down. When this is not possible, place the static-protective packaging on a smooth, level 
surface and place the part on it.
•  Do not place the part on the computer cover or other metal surface.
Operating environment
Maximum altitude (without pressurization)
3048 m (10 000 ft)
Temperature
•  At altitudes up to 2438 m (8000 ft) 
–  Operating: 5°C to 35°C (41°F to 95°F)
–  Storage: 5°C to 43°C (41°F to 109°F)
•  At altitudes above 2438 m (8000 ft) 
–  Maximum temperature when operating under the unpressurized condition: 31.3°C (88°F)
Note: When you charge the battery, its temperature must be no lower than 10°C (50°F).
Relative humidity
•  Operating: 8% to 95% at wet-bulb temperature 23°C (73°F)
•  Storage: 5% to 95% at wet-bulb temperature 27°C (81°F)
42
Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 49 ---
Cleaning and maintenance
With appropriate care and maintenance your computer will serve you reliably. The following topics offer 
information to help you keep your computer in top working order.
Basic maintenance tips
Here are some basic points about keeping your computer functioning properly: 
•  If possible, place your computer in a well-ventilated and dry area without direct exposure to sunshine.
•  Store packing materials safely out of the reach of children to prevent the risk of suffocation from plastic 
bags.
•  Keep your computer away from magnets, activated cellular phones, electrical appliances, or speakers 
(more than 13 cm or 5 inches).
•  Avoid subjecting your computer to extreme temperatures (below 5°C/41°F or above 35°C/95°F).
•  Avoid placing any objects (including paper) between the display and the keyboard or the palm rest.
•  Computer display might be designed to be opened and used at a certain angle. Do not open the display 
with force. Otherwise, the computer hinge might get damaged.
•  Do not turn your computer over when the ac power adapter is plugged in, otherwise, it could break the 
adapter plug.
•  Before moving your computer, be sure to remove any media, turn off attached devices, and disconnect 
cords and cables.
•  When picking up your open computer, hold it by the bottom. Do not pick up or hold your computer by the 
display.
•  Only an authorized Lenovo repair technician should disassemble and repair your computer.
•  Do not modify or tape the latches to keep the display open or closed.
•  Avoid directly exposing your computer and peripherals to the air from an appliance that can produce 
negative ions. Wherever possible, ground your computer to facilitate safe electrostatic discharge.
Cleaning your computer
It is a good practice to clean your computer periodically to protect the surfaces and ensure trouble-free 
operation.
Cleaning the computer cover: Wipe it with a lint-free cloth dampened in mild soap and water. Avoid 
applying liquids directly to the cover.
Cleaning the keyboard: Wipe the keys one by one with a lint-free cloth dampened in mild soap and water. If 
you wipe several keys at a time, the cloth might hook onto an adjacent key and possibly damage it. Avoid 
spraying cleaner directly onto the keyboard. To remove any crumbs or dust from beneath the keys, you can 
use a camera blower with a brush or use cool air from a hair dryer.
Cleaning the computer screen: Scratches, oil, dust, chemicals, and ultraviolet light can affect the 
performance of your computer screen. Use a dry, soft lint-free cloth to wipe the screen gently. If you see a 
scratchlike mark on your screen, it might be a stain. Wipe or dust the stain gently with a soft, dry cloth. If the 
stain remains, moisten a soft, lint-free cloth with water or eyeglass cleaner, but do not apply liquids directly 
to your computer screen. Ensure that the computer screen is dry before closing it.
Appendix A. Important safety information 43

--- Page 50 ---
44 Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 51 ---
Appendix B. Accessibility and ergonomic information
This chapter provides information about accessibility and ergonomics.
Accessibility information
Lenovo is committed to providing users who have hearing, vision, and mobility limitations with greater 
access to information and technology. This section provides information about the ways these users can get 
the most out of their computer experience. You also can get the most up-to-date accessibility information 
from the following Web site: 
https://www.lenovo.com/accessibility
Keyboard shortcuts
The following list contains keyboard shortcuts that can help make your computer easier to use.  
Note: Depending on your keyboard, some of the following keyboard shortcuts might not be available.
•  Windows logo key + U: Open Ease of Access Center
•  Right Shift for eight seconds: Turn on or turn off Filter Keys
•  Shift five times: Turn on or turn off Sticky Keys
•  Num Lock for five seconds: Turn on or turn off Toggle Keys
•  Left Alt+Left Shift+Num Lock: Turn on or turn off Mouse Keys
•  Left Alt+Left Shift+PrtScn (or PrtSc): Turn on or turn off High Contrast
For more information, go to 
https://windows.microsoft.com, and then search using any of the following 
keywords: keyboard shortcuts, key combinations, shortcut keys.
Ease of Access Center
Ease of Access Center on the Windows operating system enables you to configure your computers to suit 
their physical and cognitive needs.
To access Ease of Access Center: 
1.  Go to Control Panel and view by Category.
2.  Click Ease of Access ➙ Ease of Access Center.
3.  Choose the appropriate tool by following the on-screen instructions.
Ease of Access Center mainly includes the following tools: 
•  Magnifier
Magnifier is a useful utility that enlarges the entire screen or part of the screen so that you can see the 
items better.
•  Narrator
Narrator is a screen reader that reads what is displayed on the screen aloud and describes events such as 
error messages.
•  On-Screen Keyboard
If you prefer to type or enter data into your computer using a mouse, joystick, or other pointing device 
instead of a physical keyboard, you can use On-Screen Keyboard. On-Screen Keyboard displays a visual 
© Copyright Lenovo 2019 45

--- Page 52 ---
keyboard with all the standard keys. You can select keys using the mouse or another pointing device, or 
you can tap to select the keys if your computer supports multi-touch screen. 
•  High Contrast
High Contrast is a feature that heightens the color contrast of some text and images on your screen. As a 
result, those items are more distinct and easier to identify.
•  Personalized keyboard
Adjust keyboard settings to make your keyboard easier to use. For example, you can use your keyboard 
to control the pointer and make the keyboard easier to type certain key combinations.
•  Personalized mouse
Adjust mouse settings to make your mouse easier to use. For example, you can change the pointer 
appearance and make your mouse easier to manage windows.
Speech Recognition
Speech Recognition enables you to control your computer by voice.
You can use verbal instructions to control the keyboard and mouse. With verbal instructions, you can start 
programs, open menus, click objects on the screen, dictate text into documents, and write and send e-mails.
To use Speech Recognition: 
1.  Go to Control Panel and view by Category.
2.  Click Ease of Access ➙ Speech Recognition.
3.  Follow the on-screen instructions.
Screen-reader technologies
Screen-reader technologies are primarily focused on software program interfaces, help systems, and various 
online documents. For additional information about screen readers, see the following:  
•  Using PDFs with screen readers: 
https://www.adobe.com/accessibility.html?promoid=DJGVE
•  Using the JAWS screen reader:
https://www.freedomscientific.com/Products/Blindness/JAWS
•  Using the NVDA screen reader: 
https://www.nvaccess.org
Screen resolution
You can make the text and images on your screen easier to read by adjusting the screen resolution of your 
computer.
To adjust the screen resolution: 
1.  Right-click a blank area on the desktop and then click Display settings ➙ Display.
2.  Follow the on-screen instructions.
Note: Setting a resolution too low might prevent some items from fitting on the screen.
Customizable item size
You can make the items on your screen easier to read by changing the item size. 
•  To change the item size temporarily, use the Magnifier tool in Ease of Access Center. 
•  To change the item size permanently: 
46
Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 53 ---
–  Change the size of all the items on your screen. 
1.  Right-click a blank area on the desktop and then click Display settings ➙ Display.
2.  Change the item size by following the on-screen instructions. For some applications, your 
configuration might not take effect until you sign out and then sign in again.
–  Change the size of the items on a Web page.
Press and hold Ctrl, and then press the plus-sign key (+) to enlarge or the minus-sign key (–) to reduce 
the text size.
–  Change the size of the items on the desktop or a window.
Note: This function might not work on some windows.
If your mouse has a wheel, press and hold Ctrl, and then scroll the wheel to change the item size.
Industry-standard connectors
Your computer provides industry-standard connectors that enable you to connect assistive devices.
Documentation in accessible formats
Lenovo provides electronic documentation in accessible formats, such as properly tagged PDF files or 
HyperText Markup Language (HTML) files. Lenovo electronic documentation is developed to ensure that 
visually impaired users can read the documentation through a screen reader. Each image in the 
documentation also includes adequate alternative text so that visually impaired users can understand the 
image when they use a screen reader.
Ergonomic information
Good ergonomic practice is important to get the most from your personal computer and to avoid discomfort. 
Arrange your workplace and the equipment you use to suit your individual needs and the kind of work that 
you perform. In addition, use healthy work habits to maximize your performance and comfort when using 
your computer.
Working in the virtual office might mean adapting to frequent changes in your environment. Adapting to the 
surrounding light sources, active seating, and the placement of your computer hardware, can help you 
improve your performance and achieve greater comfort.
This example shows someone in a conventional setting. Even when not in such a setting, you can follow 
many of these tips. Develop good habits, and they will serve you well.
General posture: Make minor modifications in your working posture to deter the onset of discomfort caused 
by long periods of working in the same position. Frequent short breaks from your work also help to prevent 
minor discomfort associated with your working posture.
Appendix B. Accessibility and ergonomic information 47

--- Page 54 ---
Display: Position the display to maintain a comfortable viewing distance of 510 mm to 760 mm (20 inches to 
30 inches). Avoid glare or reflections on the display from overhead lighting or outside sources of light. Keep 
the display screen clean and set the brightness to levels that enable you to see the screen clearly. Press the 
brightness control keys to adjust display brightness.
Head position: Keep your head and neck in a comfortable and neutral (vertical, or upright) position.
Chair: Use a chair that gives you good back support and seat height adjustment. Use chair adjustments to 
best suit your comfort posture.
Arm and hand position: If available, use chair arm rests or an area on your working surface to provide 
weight support for your arms. Keep your forearms, wrists, and hands in a relaxed and neutral (horizontal) 
position. Type with a soft touch without pounding the keys.
Leg position: Keep your thighs parallel to the floor and your feet flat on the floor or on a footrest.
What if you are traveling?
It might not be possible to observe the best ergonomic practices when you are using your computer while on 
the move or in a casual setting. Regardless of the setting, try to observe as many of the tips as possible. 
Sitting properly and using adequate lighting, for example, helps you maintain desirable levels of comfort and 
performance. If your work area is not in an office setting, ensure to take special note of employing active 
sitting and taking work breaks. Many product solutions are available to help you modify and expand your 
computer to best suit your needs. You can find some of these options at 
https://www.lenovo.com/accessories. 
Explore your options for docking solutions and external products that provide the adjustability and features 
that you want.
Questions about vision?
The visual display screens of notebook computers are designed to meet the highest standards. These visual 
display screens provide you with clear, crisp images and large, bright displays that are easy to see, yet easy 
on the eyes. Any concentrated and sustained visual activity can be tiring. If you have questions on eye 
fatigue or visual discomfort, consult a vision-care specialist for advice.
48
Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 55 ---
Appendix C. Compliance information
This chapter provides regulatory, environmental, and RoHS information about Lenovo products.
Radio frequency compliance statements
Computer models equipped with wireless communications comply with the radio frequency and safety 
standards of any country or region in which it has been approved for wireless use.
Besides this document, ensure that you read the Regulatory Notice for your country or region before using 
the wireless devices contained in your computer.
European Union – compliance with the Radio Equipment Directive
This product is in conformity with all the requirements and essential norms that apply to EU Council Radio 
Equipment Directive 2014/53/EU on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to radio 
equipment. The full text of the system EU declaration of conformity and the EU wireless module declarations 
are available at the following Internet addresses:
•  For notebook computers: 
https://www.lenovo.com/us/en/social_responsibility/EU_DoC_notebooks
•  For tablet computers: https://www.lenovo.com/us/en/social_responsibility/EU_DoC_notebooks
•  For wireless peripheral devices: https://www.lenovo.com/us/en/social_responsibility/EU_DoC_wireless_ 
options
Lenovo cannot accept responsibility for any failure to satisfy the protection requirements resulting from a 
non-recommended modification of the product, including the installation of option cards from other 
manufacturers. This product has been tested and found to comply with the limits for Class B equipment 
according to European Standards harmonized in the Directives in compliance. The limits for Class B 
equipment were derived for typical residential environments to provide reasonable protection against 
interference with licensed communication devices.
Brazil
Este equipamento não tem direito à proteção contra interferência prejudicial e não pode causar interferência 
em sistemas devidamente autorizados. 
This equipment is not protected against harmful interference and may not cause interference with duly 
authorized systems.
Mexico
Advertencia: En Mexico la operación de este equipo está sujeta a las siguientes dos condiciones: (1) es 
posible que este equipo o dispositivo no cause interferencia perjudicial y (2) este equipo o dispositivo debe 
aceptar cualquier interferencia, incluyendo la que pueda causar su operación no deseada.
© Copyright Lenovo 2019 49

--- Page 56 ---
Singapore
Korea
무선설비 전파 혼신 (사용주파수 2400∼2483.5 , 5725∼5825 무선제품해당) 
해당 무선설비가 전파혼신 가능성이 있으므로 인명안전과 관련된 서비스는 할 수 없음
SAR 정보
본 장치는 전파 노출에 대한 가이드라인을 충족합니다.
본 장치는 무선 송수신기 입니다. 본 장치는 국제 가이드라인으로 권장되는 전파 노출에 대한 제한을 초과하지 
않도록 설계되었습니다. 장치 액세서리 및 최신 부품을 사용할 경우 SAR 값이 달라질 수 있 습니다. SAR 값은 
국가 보고 및 테스트 요구 사항과 네트워크 대역에 따라 다를 수 있습니다. 본 장치 는 사람의 신체에서 20mm 
이상의 거리에서 사용할 수 있습니다.
Environmental information of countries and regions
This section provides environmental, recycling, and RoHS information about Lenovo products.
Recycling and environmental information
Lenovo encourages owners of information technology (IT) equipment to responsibly recycle their equipment 
when it is no longer needed. Lenovo offers a variety of programs and services to assist equipment owners in 
recycling their IT products. For information about recycling Lenovo products, go to:
https://www.lenovo.com/recycling
The latest environmental information about our products is available at:
https://www.lenovo.com/ecodeclaration
Important WEEE information
50 Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 57 ---
The WEEE marking on Lenovo products applies to countries with WEEE and e-waste regulations (for 
example, the European WEEE Directive, India E-Waste Management Rules). Appliances are labeled in 
accordance with local regulations concerning waste electrical and electronic equipment (WEEE). These 
regulations determine the framework for the return and recycling of used appliances as applicable within 
each geography. This label is applied to various products to indicate that the product is not to be thrown 
away, but rather put in the established collection systems for reclaiming these end of life products.
Users of electrical and electronic equipment (EEE) with the WEEE marking must not dispose of end of life 
EEE as unsorted municipal waste, but use the collection framework available to them for the return, recycle, 
and recovery of WEEE and to minimize any potential effects of EEE on the environment and human health 
due to the presence of hazardous substances. Lenovo electrical and electronic equipment (EEE) may contain 
parts and components, which at end-of-life might qualify as hazardous waste.
EEE and waste electrical and electronic equipment (WEEE) can be delivered free of charge to the place of 
sale or any distributor that sells electrical and electronic equipment of the same nature and function as the 
used EEE or WEEE.
For additional WEEE information, go to:
https://www.lenovo.com/recycling
WEEE information for Hungary
Lenovo, as a producer, bears the cost incurred in connection with the fulfillment of Lenovo’s obligations 
under Hungary Law No. 197/2014 (VIII.1.) subsections (1)-(5) of section 12.
Japan recycling statements
Collecting and recycling a disused Lenovo computer or monitor
If you are a company employee and need to dispose of a Lenovo computer or monitor that is the property of 
the company, you must do so in accordance with the Law for Promotion of Effective Utilization of Resources. 
Computers and monitors are categorized as industrial waste and should be properly disposed of by an 
industrial waste disposal contractor certified by a local government. In accordance with the Law for 
Promotion of Effective Utilization of Resources, Lenovo Japan provides, through its PC Collecting and 
Recycling Services, for the collecting, reuse, and recycling of disused computers and monitors. For details, 
visit the Lenovo Web site at:
https://www.lenovo.com/recycling/japan
Pursuant to the Law for Promotion of Effective Utilization of Resources, the collecting and recycling of home- 
used computers and monitors by the manufacturer was begun on October 1, 2003. This service is provided 
free of charge for home-used computers sold after October 1, 2003. For details, go to:
https://www.lenovo.com/recycling/japan
Disposing of Lenovo computer components
Some Lenovo computer products sold in Japan may have components that contain heavy metals or other 
environmental sensitive substances. To properly dispose of disused components, such as a printed circuit 
board or drive, use the methods described above for collecting and recycling a disused computer or monitor.
Disposing of disused lithium batteries from Lenovo computers
A button-shaped lithium battery is installed inside your Lenovo computer to provide power to the computer 
clock while the computer is off or disconnected from the main power source. If you need to replace it with a 
new one, contact your place of purchase or contact Lenovo for service. If you need to dispose of a disused 
Appendix C. Compliance information 51

--- Page 58 ---
lithium battery, insulate it with vinyl tape, contact your place of purchase or an industrial-waste-disposal 
operator, and follow their instructions. 
Disposal of a lithium battery must comply with local ordinances and regulations.
Disposing of a disused battery from Lenovo notebook computers
Your Lenovo notebook computer has a lithium ion battery or a nickel metal hydride battery. If you are a 
company employee who uses a Lenovo notebook computer and need to dispose of a battery, contact the 
proper person in Lenovo sales, service, or marketing, and follow that person's instructions. You also can 
refer to the instructions at:
https://www.lenovo.com/jp/ja/environment/recycle/battery/
If you use a Lenovo notebook computer at home and need to dispose of a battery, you must comply with 
local ordinances and regulations. You also can refer to the instructions at:
https://www.lenovo.com/jp/ja/environment/recycle/battery/
Recycling information for Brazil
Declarações de Reciclagem no Brasil
Descarte de um Produto Lenovo Fora de Uso
Equipamentos elétricos e eletrônicos não devem ser descartados em lixo comum, mas enviados à pontos de 
coleta, autorizados pelo fabricante do produto para que sejam encaminhados e processados por empresas 
especializadas no manuseio de resíduos industriais, devidamente certificadas pelos orgãos ambientais, de 
acordo com a legislação local.
A Lenovo possui um canal específico para auxiliá-lo no descarte desses produtos. Caso você possua um 
produto Lenovo em situação de descarte, ligue para o nosso SAC ou encaminhe um e-mail para: 
reciclar@lenovo.com, informando o modelo, número de série e cidade, a fim de enviarmos as instruções 
para o correto descarte do seu produto Lenovo.
Battery recycling information for the European Union
Notice: This mark applies only to countries within the European Union (EU).
Batteries or packaging for batteries are labeled in accordance with European Directive 2006/66/EC 
concerning batteries and accumulators and waste batteries and accumulators. The Directive determines the 
framework for the return and recycling of used batteries and accumulators as applicable throughout the 
European Union. This label is applied to various batteries to indicate that the battery is not to be thrown 
away, but rather reclaimed upon end of life per this Directive.
In accordance with the European Directive 2006/66/EC, batteries and accumulators are labeled to indicate 
that they are to be collected separately and recycled at end of life. The label on the battery may also include 
52
Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 59 ---
a chemical symbol for the metal concerned in the battery (Pb for lead, Hg for mercury, and Cd for cadmium). 
Users of batteries and accumulators must not dispose of batteries and accumulators as unsorted municipal 
waste, but use the collection framework available to customers for the return, recycling, and treatment of 
batteries and accumulators. Customer participation is important to minimize any potential effects of batteries 
and accumulators on the environment and human health due to the potential presence of hazardous 
substances.
Before placing electrical and electronic equipment (EEE) in the waste collection stream or in waste collection 
facilities, the end user of equipment containing batteries and/or accumulators must remove those batteries 
and accumulators for separate collection.
Disposing of lithium batteries and battery packs from Lenovo products
A coin-cell type lithium battery might be installed inside your Lenovo product. You can find details about the 
battery in the product documentation. If the battery needs to be replaced, contact your place of purchase or 
contact Lenovo for service. If you need to dispose of a lithium battery, insulate it with vinyl tape, contact your 
place of purchase or a waste-disposal operator, and follow their instructions.
Disposing of battery packs from Lenovo products
Your Lenovo device might contain a lithium-ion battery pack or a nickel metal hydride battery pack. You can 
find details on the battery pack in the product documentation. If you need to dispose of a battery pack, 
insulate it with vinyl tape, contact Lenovo sales, service, or your place of purchase, or a waste-disposal 
operator, and follow their instructions. You also can refer to the instructions provided in the user guide for 
your product.
For proper collection and treatment, go to:
https://www.lenovo.com/lenovo/environment
Recycling information for Mainland China
Battery recycling information for Taiwan
Battery recycling information for the United States and Canada
Appendix C. Compliance information 53

--- Page 60 ---
Restriction of Hazardous Substances (RoHS) Directive of countries and 
regions
The latest environmental information about Lenovo products is available at:
https://www.lenovo.com/ecodeclaration
European Union RoHS
This Lenovo product, with included parts (cables, cords, and so on) meets the requirements of Directive 
2011/65/EU on the restriction of the use of certain hazardous substances in electrical and electronic 
equipment ("RoHS recast" or "RoHS 2").
For more information about Lenovo worldwide compliance on RoHS, go to:
https://www.lenovo.com/rohs-communication
Turkish RoHS
The Lenovo product meets the requirements of the Republic of Turkey Directive on the Restriction of the Use 
of Certain Hazardous Substances in Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE).  
Ukraine RoHS
India RoHS
RoHS compliant as per E-Waste (Management) Rules.
Mainland China RoHS
The information in the following table is applicable to products manufactured on or after January 1, 2015 
for sale in the People’s Republic of China.
54
Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 61 ---
Appendix C. Compliance information 55

--- Page 62 ---
Taiwan RoHS
Electromagnetic emission notices
Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Supplier’s Declaration of 
Conformity
The following information refers to Legion Y7000 2019, Lenovo Legion Y7000 2019, Legion Y7000 2019 PG0, 
Lenovo Legion Y7000 2019 PG0, machine type(s): 81NS, 81NS, 81T0, 81T0.
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device, pursuant to 
Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful 
56
Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 63 ---
interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates, uses, and can radiate radio frequency 
energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to 
radio communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular 
installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be 
determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by 
one or more of the following measures:
•  Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
•  Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
•  Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected.
•  Consult an authorized dealer or service representative for help.
Lenovo is not responsible for any radio or television interference caused by using other than recommended 
cables and connectors or by unauthorized changes or modifications to this equipment. Unauthorized 
changes or modifications could void the user’s authority to operate the equipment.
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions: (1) 
this device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference received, 
including interference that may cause undesired operation.
Responsible Party: 
Lenovo (United States) Incorporated 
7001 Development Drive 
Morrisville, NC 27560 
Email: FCC@lenovo.com
Industry Canada compliance statement
CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B)
European Union conformity
EU Contact: Lenovo (Slovakia), Landererova 12, 811 09 Bratislava, Slovakia
Compliance with the EMC Directive
This product is in conformity with the protection requirements of EU Council Directive 2014/30/EU on the 
approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to electromagnetic compatibility. 
This product has been tested and found to comply with the limits for Class B equipment according to 
European Standards harmonized in the Directives in compliance. The Class B requirements for equipment 
are intended to offer adequate protection to broadcast services within residential environments.
German Class B compliance statement
Hinweis zur Einhaltung der Klasse B zur elektromagnetischen Verträglichkeit
Dieses Produkt entspricht den Schutzanforderungen der EU-Richtlinie zur elektromagnetischen 
Verträglichkeit Angleichung der Rechtsvorschriften über die elektromagnetische Verträglichkeit in den EU- 
Mitgliedsstaaten und hält die Grenzwerte der Klasse B der Norm gemäß Richtlinie.
Appendix C. Compliance information 57

--- Page 64 ---
Um dieses sicherzustellen, sind die Geräte wie in den Handbüchern beschrieben zu installieren und zu 
betreiben. Des Weiteren dürfen auch nur von der Lenovo empfohlene Kabel angeschlossen werden. Lenovo 
übernimmt keine Verantwortung für die Einhaltung der Schutzanforderungen, wenn das Produkt ohne 
Zustimmung der Lenovo verändert bzw. wenn Erweiterungskomponenten von Fremdherstellern ohne 
Empfehlung der Lenovo gesteckt/eingebaut werden.
Zulassungsbescheinigung laut dem Deutschen Gesetz über die elektromagnetische Verträglichkeit von 
Betriebsmitteln, EMVG vom 20. Juli 2007 (früher Gesetz über die elektromagnetische Verträglichkeit von 
Geräten), bzw. der EU Richtlinie 2014/30/EU, der EU Richtlinie 2014/53/EU Artikel 3.1b), für Geräte der 
Klasse B.
Dieses Gerät ist berechtigt, in Übereinstimmung mit dem Deutschen EMVG das EG-Konformitätszeichen - 
CE - zu führen. Verantwortlich für die Konformitätserklärung nach Paragraf 5 des EMVG ist die Lenovo 
(Deutschland) GmbH, Meitnerstr. 9, D-70563 Stuttgart.
Japan VCCI Class B compliance statement
Japan compliance statement for products which connect to the power 
mains with rated current less than or equal to 20 A per phase
Japan notice for ac power cord
The ac power cord shipped with your product can be used only for this specific product. Do not use the ac 
power cord for other devices.
Other compliance information
This section provides other compliance information about Lenovo products.
Export classification notice
This product is subject to the United States Export Administration Regulations (EAR) and has an Export 
Classification Control Number (ECCN) of 5A992.c. It can be re-exported except to any of the embargoed 
countries in the EAR E1 country list.
Lenovo product service information for Taiwan
Taiwan precautionary vision statement
警語：使用過度恐傷害視力
58
Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 65 ---
注意事項： 
•  使用30分鐘請休息10分鐘。
•  未滿2歲幼兒不看螢幕，2歲以上每天看螢幕不要超過1小時。
Eurasian compliance mark
Brazil audio notice
Ouvir sons com mais de 85 decibéis por longos períodos pode provocar danos ao sistema auditivo.
Appendix C. Compliance information 59

--- Page 66 ---
60 Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

--- Page 67 ---
Appendix D. Notices and trademarks
Notices
Lenovo may not offer the products, services, or features discussed in this document in all countries. Consult 
your local Lenovo representative for information on the products and services currently available in your 
area. Any reference to a Lenovo product, program, or service is not intended to state or imply that only that 
Lenovo product, program, or service may be used. Any functionally equivalent product, program, or service 
that does not infringe any Lenovo intellectual property right may be used instead. However, it is the user's 
responsibility to evaluate and verify the operation of any other product, program, or service.
Lenovo may have patents or pending patent programs covering subject matter described in this document. 
The furnishing of this document does not give you any license to these patents. You can send license 
inquiries, in writing, to:  
Lenovo (United States), Inc. 
1009 Think Place - Building One
Morrisville, NC 27560
U.S.A.
Attention: Lenovo Director of Licensing
LENOVO PROVIDES THIS PUBLICATION "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS 
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, 
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Some jurisdictions do not allow 
disclaimer of express or implied warranties in certain transactions, therefore, this statement may not apply to 
you.
Changes are made periodically to the information herein; these changes will be incorporated in new editions 
of the publication. To provide better service, Lenovo reserves the right to improve and/or modify the 
products and software programs described in the manuals included with your computer, and the content of 
the manual, at any time without additional notice.
The software interface and function and hardware configuration described in the manuals included with your 
computer might not match exactly the actual configuration of the computer that you purchase. For the 
configuration of the product, refer to the related contract (if any) or product packing list, or consult the 
distributor for the product sales. Lenovo may use or distribute any of the information you supply in any way it 
believes appropriate without incurring any obligation to you.
The products described in this document are not intended for use in implantation or other life support 
applications where malfunction may result in injury or death to persons. The information contained in this 
document does not affect or change Lenovo product specifications or warranties. Nothing in this document 
shall operate as an express or implied license or indemnity under the intellectual property rights of Lenovo or 
third parties. All information contained in this document was obtained in specific environments and is 
presented as an illustration. The result obtained in other operating environments may vary.
Lenovo may use or distribute any of the information you supply in any way it believes appropriate without 
incurring any obligation to you.
Any references in this publication to non-Lenovo Web sites are provided for convenience only and do not in 
any manner serve as an endorsement of those Web sites. The materials at those Web sites are not part of the 
materials for this Lenovo product, and use of those Web sites is at your own risk.
© Copyright Lenovo 2019 61

--- Page 68 ---
Any performance data contained herein was determined in a controlled environment. Therefore, the result 
obtained in other operating environments may vary significantly. Some measurements may have been made 
on development-level systems and there is no guarantee that these measurements will be the same on 
generally available systems. Furthermore, some measurements may have been estimated through 
extrapolation. Actual results may vary. Users of this document should verify the applicable data for their 
specific environment.
This document is copyrighted by Lenovo and is not covered by any open source license, including any Linux 
agreement(s) which may accompany software included with this product. Lenovo may update this document 
at any time without notice.
For the latest information or any questions or comments, contact or visit the Lenovo Web site:
https://support.lenovo.com
Trademarks
LENOVO, the LENOVO logo, and Legion are trademarks of Lenovo. Intel and Optane are trademarks of Intel 
Corporation or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries. Microsoft, Windows, Direct3D, 
and Cortana are trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies. Mini DisplayPort (mDP) is a trademark of 
the Video Electronics Standards Association. The terms HDMI and HDMI High-Definition Multimedia 
Interface are trademarks or registered trademarks of HDMI Licensing LLC in the United States and other 
countries. Wi-Fi and Miracast are registered trademarks of Wi-Fi Alliance. USB-C is a trademark of USB 
Implementers Forum. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. © 2019 Lenovo.
62
Legion Y7000 2019 Series User Guide

