Brand: LENOVO
Model: Thinkpad X230
URL: https://www.manua.ls/lenovo/thinkpad-x230/manual
Total Pages: 322
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201,
X201i, and X201s
Hard ware Maintenan ce Manual

--- Page 3 ---
ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201,
X201i, and X201s
Hard ware Maintenan ce Manual

--- Page 4 ---
Note
Before using this information and the product it supports, be sure to read the general information under “Notices” on page
311.
Sixth Edition (February 2010)
© Copyright Lenovo 2008, 2010.
LENOVO products, data, computer software, and services have been developed exclusively at private expense and
are sold to governmental entities as commercial items as defined by 48 C.F.R. 2.101 with limited and restricted
rights to use, reproduction and disclosure.
LIMITED AND RESTRICTED RIGHTS NOTICE: If products, data, computer software, or services are delivered
pursuant a General Services Administration ″GSA″ contract, use, reproduction, or disclosure is subject to restrictions
set forth in Contract No. GS-35F-05925.
© Lenovo 2008, 2010

--- Page 5 ---
Contents
About this manual ..........v
Safety information ..........1
General safety ..............2
Electrical safety .............3
Safety inspection guide ...........5
Handling devices that are sensitive to electrostatic
discharge ...............6
Grounding requirements ..........6
Safety notices (multilingual translations) .....7
Laser compliance statement (multilingual
translations) ..............28
Important service information .....39
Strategy for replacing FRUs .........39
Strategy for replacing a hard disk drive ....40
Important notice for replacing a system board . . 40
How to use error message ........40
Strategy for replacing FRUs for CTO, CMV, and
GAV.................41
Product definition ...........41
FRU identification for CTO, CMV, and GAV
products ..............41
General checkout ..........43
What to do first .............44
Checkout guide .............45
Diagnostics using PC-Doctor for DOS ....45
Lenovo ThinkVantage Toolbox (Lenovo System
Toolbox) ..............48
PC-Doctor for Windows .........48
PC-Doctor for Rescue and Recovery .....49
FRU tests ..............50
Power system checkout ..........52
Checking the ac adapter .........52
Checking operational charging .......53
Checking the battery pack ........53
Checking the backup battery .......54
Related service information......55
Restoring the factory contents by using Product
Recovery discs .............55
Restoring the factory contents by using Recovery
Disc Set ...............56
Passwords ...............57
Power-on password ..........57
Hard-disk password ..........57
Supervisor password ..........58
How to remove the power-on password ....58
How to remove the hard-disk password ....59
Power management ...........60
Screen blank mode ...........60
Sleep (Standby) mode ..........60
Hibernation mode ...........61
Symptom-to-FRU index ..........62
Numeric error codes ..........62
Error messages ............66
Beep symptoms ............67
No-beep symptoms...........67
LCD-related symptoms .........68
Intermittent problems ..........69
Undetermined problems .........69
Status indicators ..........71
Fn key combinations ........75
FRU replacement notices .......79
Screw notices ..............79
Retaining serial numbers ..........80
Restoring the serial number of the system unit 80
Retaining the UUID ..........80
Reading or writing the ECA information . . . 81
Removing and replacing a FRU ....83
Before servicing ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si,
X201, X201i, and X201s ..........84
1010 Battery pack ............85
1020 Hard disk drive (HDD) cover, HDD, and HDD
rubber rails or solid state drive (SSD) and storage
converter ...............87
1030 DIMM ..............91
1040 Keyboard .............94
1050 Palm rest or palm rest with fingerprint reader 97
1060 Backup battery ...........100
1070 PCI Express Mini Card for wireless
LAN/WiMAX .............102
1080 PCI Express Mini Card for wireless WAN . . 105
1090 Intel Turbo Memory Minicard or Wireless
USB PCI Express Half-Mini Card .......107
1100 Keyboard bezel ...........109
1110 Monaural speaker assembly (for X200, X200s,
X201s, and X201si)............110
1120 I/O card assembly ..........111
1130 LCD assembly ...........114
1140 Base cover assembly and stereo speaker
assembly for X201 and X201i ........118
1150 Systemboard, DC-in connector, fan, and
ExpressCard slot assembly .........124
2010 LCD front bezel ...........138
2020 Inverter card or LED board .......141
2030 Bluetooth daughter card (BDC-2.1) ....143
2040 Integrated camera ..........144
2050 LCD panel, LCD brackets, and LCD cable . . 145
2060 Hinges and hinge brackets .......151
2070 LCD rear cover and wireless antenna cables 154
Locations .............161
© Copyright Lenovo 2008, 2010 iii

--- Page 6 ---
Front view ..............161
Rear view ..............162
Bottom view..............163
Rear view (ThinkPad X200 UltraBase) .....164
Bottom view (ThinkPad X200 UltraBase) ....165
Parts list .............167
Overall ...............168
LCD FRUs ..............253
12.1-in. WXGA TFT ..........254
12.1-in. WXGA+ TFT ..........281
Keyboard...............286
Miscellaneous parts ...........287
AC adapters..............287
Power cords ..............288
Recovery discs .............289
Windows XP Professional (32 bit) DVDs . . . 289
Windows Vista Home Basic (32 bit) DVDs. . . 292
Windows Vista Home Premium (32 bit) DVDs 293
Windows Vista Business (32 bit) DVDs ....294
Windows Vista Business (64 bit) DVDs ....296
Windows Vista Ultimate (32 bit) DVDs ....297
Windows 7 Home Basic (32 bit) DVDs ....298
Windows 7 Home Premium (32 bit) DVDs . . 300
Windows 7 Home Premium (64 bit) DVDs . . 302
Windows 7 Professional (32 bit) DVDs ....304
Windows 7 Professional (64 bit) DVDs ....308
Common service tools ..........310
Notices ..............311
Trademarks ..............312
iv ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 7 ---
About this manual
This manual contains service and reference information for the following
ThinkPad
®
products.
ThinkPad X200
MT 7454, 7455, 7457, 7458, 7459, 2023, and 2024
ThinkPad X200s and X200si
MT 7462, 7465, 7466, 7469, 7470, 2046, and 2047
ThinkPad X201 and X201i
MT 3249, 3323, 3357, 3626, 3680, 3712, and 4492
ThinkPad X201s
MT 5129, 5143, 5385, 5397, 5413, 5442, and 5446
Use this manual along with the advanced diagnostic tests to troubleshoot
problems.
Important:
This manual is intended only for trained service technicians who are familiar
with ThinkPad products. Use this manual along with the advanced diagnostic
tests to troubleshoot problems effectively.
Before servicing a ThinkPad product, be sure to read all the information under
“Safety information” on page 1 and “Important service information” on page 39.
© Copyright Lenovo 2008, 2010 v

--- Page 8 ---
vi ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 9 ---
Safety information
This chapter presents following safety information that you need to be familiar
with before you service a ThinkPad Notebook.
v “General safety” on page 2
v “Electrical safety” on page 3
v “Safety inspection guide” on page 5
v “Handling devices that are sensitive to electrostatic discharge” on page 6
v “Grounding requirements” on page 6
v “Safety notices (multilingual translations)” on page 7
v “Laser compliance statement (multilingual translations)” on page 28
© Copyright Lenovo 2008, 2010 1

--- Page 10 ---
General safety
Follow these rules to ensure general safety:
v Observe good housekeeping in the area of the machines during and after
maintenance.
v When lifting any heavy object:
1. Make sure that you can stand safely without slipping.
2. Distribute the weight of the object equally between your feet.
3. Use a slow lifting force. Never move suddenly or twist when you attempt to
lift.
4. Lift by standing or by pushing up with your leg muscles; this action removes
the strain from the muscles in your back. Do not attempt to lift any object that
weighs more than 16 kg (35 lb) or that you think is too heavy for you.
v Do not perform any action that causes hazards to the customer, or that makes
the equipment unsafe.
v Before you start the machine, make sure that other service technicians and the
customer’s personnel are not in a hazardous position.
v Place removed covers and other parts in a safe place, away from all personnel,
while you are servicing the machine.
v Keep your toolcase away from walk areas so that other people will not trip over
it.
v Do not wear loose clothing that can be trapped in the moving parts of a
machine. Make sure that your sleeves are fastened or rolled up above your
elbows. If your hair is long, fasten it.
v Insert the ends of your necktie or scarf inside clothing or fasten it with a
nonconductive clip, about 8 centimeters (3 inches) from the end.
v Do not wear jewelry, chains, metal-frame eyeglasses, or metal fasteners for your
clothing.
Attention: Metal objects are good electrical conductors.
v Wear safety glasses when you are hammering, drilling, soldering, cutting wire,
attaching springs, using solvents, or working in any other conditions that might
be hazardous to your eyes.
v After service, reinstall all safety shields, guards, labels, and ground wires.
Replace any safety device that is worn or defective.
v Reinstall all covers correctly before returning the machine to the customer.
v Fan louvers on the machine help to prevent overheating of internal components.
Do not obstruct fan louvers or cover them with labels or stickers.
2 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 11 ---
Electrical safety
Observe the following rules when working on electrical equipment.
v Find the room emergency power-off (EPO) switch, disconnecting switch, or
electrical outlet. If an electrical accident occurs, you can then operate the switch
or unplug the power cord quickly.
v Do not work alone under hazardous conditions or near equipment that has
hazardous voltages.
v Disconnect all power before:
– Performing a mechanical inspection
– Working near power supplies
– Removing or installing main units
v Before you start to work on the machine, unplug the power cord. If you cannot
unplug it, ask the customer to power-off the wall box that supplies power to the
machine, and to lock the wall box in the off position.
v If you need to work on a machine that has exposed electrical circuits, observe the
following precautions:
– Ensure that another person, familiar with the power-off controls, is near you.
Attention: Another person must be there to switch off the power, if
necessary.
– Use only one hand when working with powered-on electrical equipment;
keep the other hand in your pocket or behind your back.
Attention: An electrical shock can occur only when there is a complete
circuit. By observing the above rule, you may prevent a current from passing
through your body.
– When using testers, set the controls correctly and use the approved probe
leads and accessories for that tester.
– Stand on suitable rubber mats (obtained locally, if necessary) to insulate you
from grounds such as metal floor strips and machine frames.
Observe the special safety precautions when you work with very high voltages;
Instructions for these precautions are in the safety sections of maintenance
information. Use extreme care when measuring high voltages.
v Regularly inspect and maintain your electrical hand tools for safe operational
condition.
v Do not use worn or broken tools and testers.
v Never assume that power has been disconnected from a circuit. First, check that it
has been powered off.
v Always look carefully for possible hazards in your work area. Examples of these
hazards are moist floors, nongrounded power extension cables, power surges,
and missing safety grounds.
Important:
Use only approved tools and test equipment. Some hand tools have handles
covered with a soft material that does not insulate you when working with live
electrical currents.
Many customers have, near their equipment, rubber floor mats that contain small
conductive fibers to decrease electrostatic discharges. Do not use this type of mat
to protect yourself from electrical shock.
Safety information 3

--- Page 12 ---
v Do not touch live electrical circuits with the reflective surface of a plastic dental
mirror. The surface is conductive; such touching can cause personal injury and
machine damage.
v Do not service the following parts with the power on when they are removed
from their normal operating places in a machine:
– Power supply units
– Pumps
– Blowers and fans
– Motor generators
– Similar units to listed above
This practice ensures correct grounding of the units.
v If an electrical accident occurs:
– Use caution; do not become a victim yourself.
– Switch off power.
– Send another person to get medical aid.
4 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 13 ---
Safety inspection guide
The purpose of this inspection guide is to assist you in identifying potentially
unsafe conditions. As each machine was designed and built, required safety items
were installed to protect users and service technicians from injury. This guide
addresses only those items. You should use good judgment to identify potential
safety hazards due to attachment of non-ThinkPad features or options not covered
by this inspection guide.
If any unsafe conditions are present, you must determine how serious the apparent
hazard could be and whether you can continue without first correcting the
problem.
Consider these conditions and the safety hazards they present:
v Electrical hazards, especially primary power (primary voltage on the frame can
cause serious or fatal electrical shock)
v Explosive hazards, such as a damaged CRT face or a bulging capacitor
v Mechanical hazards, such as loose or missing hardware
To determine whether there are any potentially unsafe conditions, use the
following checklist at the beginning of every service task. Begin the checks with
the power off, and the power cord disconnected.
Checklist:
1. Check exterior covers for damage (loose, broken, or sharp edges).
2. Power off the computer. Disconnect the power cord.
3. Check the power cord for:
a. A third-wire ground connector in good condition. Use a meter to measure
third-wire ground continuity for 0.1 ohm or less between the external
ground pin and the frame ground.
b. The power cord should be the type specified in the parts list.
c. Insulation must not be frayed or worn.
4. Check for cracked or bulging batteries.
5. Remove the cover.
6. Check for any obvious non-ThinkPad alterations. Use good judgment as to the
safety of any non-ThinkPad alterations.
7. Check inside the unit for any obvious unsafe conditions, such as metal filings,
contamination, water or other liquids, or signs of fire or smoke damage.
8. Check for worn, frayed, or pinched cables.
9. Check that the power-supply cover fasteners (screws or rivets) have not been
removed or tampered with.
Safety information 5

--- Page 14 ---
Handling devices that are sensitive to electrostatic discharge
Any computer part containing transistors or integrated circuits (ICs) should be
considered sensitive to electrostatic discharge (ESD.) ESD damage can occur when
there is a difference in charge between objects. Protect against ESD damage by
equalizing the charge so that the machine, the part, the work mat, and the person
handling the part are all at the same charge.
When handling ESD-sensitive parts:
v Keep the parts in protective packages until they are inserted into the product.
v Avoid contact with other people.
v Wear a grounded wrist strap against your skin to eliminate static on your body.
v Prevent the part from touching your clothing. Most clothing is insulative and
retains a charge even when you are wearing a wrist strap.
v Use a grounded work mat to provide a static-free work surface. The mat is
especially useful when handling ESD-sensitive devices.
v Select a grounding system, such as those listed below, to provide protection that
meets the specific service requirement.
– Attach the ESD ground clip to any frame ground, ground braid, or green-wire
ground.
– When working on a double-insulated or battery-operated system, use an ESD
common ground or reference point. You can use coax or connector-outside
shells on these systems.
– Use the round ground prong of the ac plug on ac-operated computers.
Grounding requirements
Electrical grounding of the computer is required for operator safety and correct
system function. Proper grounding of the electrical outlet can be verified by a
certified electrician.
Notes:
1. Use product-specific ESD procedures when they exceed the requirements
noted here.
2. Make sure that the ESD protective devices you use have been certified (ISO
9000) as fully effective.
Note:
The use of a grounding system to guard against ESD damage is desirable but not
necessary.
6 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 15 ---
Safety notices (multilingual translations)
The safety notices in this section are provided in the following languages:
v English
v Arabic
v Brazilian Portuguese
v French
v German
v Hebrew
v Japanese
v Korean
v Spanish
v Traditional Chinese
Safety information 7

--- Page 16 ---
DANGER
Before the computer is powered on after FRU replacement, make sure all screws,
springs, and other small parts are in place and are not left loose inside the computer.
Verify this by shaking the computer and listening for rattling sounds. Metallic parts or
metal flakes can cause electrical shorts.
DANGER
Some standby batteries contain a small amount of nickel and cadmium. Do not
disassemble a standby battery, recharge it, throw it into fire or water, or short-circuit it.
Dispose of the battery as required by local ordinances or regulations. Use only the
battery in the appropriate parts listing. Use of an incorrect battery can result in ignition
or explosion of the battery.
DANGER
The battery pack contains small amounts of nickel. Do not disassemble it, throw it into
fire or water, or short-circuit it. Dispose of the battery pack as required by local
ordinances or regulations. Use only the battery in the appropriate parts listing when
replacing the battery pack. Use of an incorrect battery can result in ignition or explosion
of the battery.
DANGER
The lithium battery can cause a fire, an explosion, or a severe burn. Do not recharge it,
remove its polarized connector, disassemble it, heat it above 100°C (212°F), incinerate it,
or expose its cell contents to water. Dispose of the battery as required by local
ordinances or regulations. Use only the battery in the appropriate parts listing. Use of an
incorrect battery can result in ignition or explosion of the battery.
DANGER
If the LCD breaks and the fluid from inside the LCD gets into your eyes or on your
hands, immediately wash the affected areas with water for at least 15 minutes. Seek
medical care if any symptoms from the fluid are present after washing.
8 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 17 ---
DANGER
To avoid shock, do not remove the plastic cover that protects the lower part of the
inverter card.
DANGER
Though the main batteries have low voltage, a shorted or grounded battery can produce
enough current to burn personnel or combustible materials.
DANGER
Unless hot swap is allowed for the FRU being replaced, do as follows before removing
it: power off the computer, unplug all power cords from electrical outlets, remove the
battery pack, and disconnect any interconnecting cables.
Safety information 9

--- Page 18 ---
10 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 20 ---
PERIGO
Antes de ligar o computador após a substituição da FRU, certifique-se de que todos os
parafusos, molas e outras peças pequenas estejam no lugar e não estejam soltos dentro
do computador. Verifique isso sacudindo o computador e procurando ouvir sons de
peças soltas. Peças metálicas ou lascas de metal podem causar curto-circuito.
PERIGO
Algumas baterias reserva contêm uma pequena quantidade de níquel e cádmio. Não
desmonte uma bateria reserva, recarregue-a, jogue-a no fogo ou na água, ou deixe-a
entrar em curto-circuito. Descarte a bateria conforme requerido pelas leis ou
regulamentos locais. Use somente a bateria nas partes listadas apropriadas. O uso de
uma bateria incorreta pode resultar em combustão ou explosão da bateria.
PERIGO
O pacote da bateria contém uma pequena quantidade de níquel. Não o desmonte,
jogue-o no fogo ou na água, ou deixe-o entrar em curto-circuito. Descarte o pacote da
bateria conforme requerido pelas leis ou regulamentos locais. Use somente a bateria nas
partes listadas apropriadas ao substituir o pacote da bateria. O uso de uma bateria
incorreta pode resultar em combustão ou explosão da bateria.
PERIGO
A bateria de lítio pode causar incêndio, explosão ou graves queimaduras. Não a
recarregue, remova seu conector polarizado, desmonte-a, aqueça-a acima de 100°C
(212°F), incinere-a, ou exponha o conteúdo de sua célula à água. Descarte a bateria
conforme requerido pelas leis ou regulamentos locais. Use somente a bateria nas partes
listadas apropriadas. O uso de uma bateria incorreta pode resultar em combustão ou
explosão da bateria.
PERIGO
Se o LCD quebrar e o fluido de dentro dele entrar em contato com seus olhos ou com
suas mãos, lave as áreas afetadas imediatamente com água durante pelo menos 15
minutos. Procure cuidados médicos se algum sintoma causado pelo fluido surgir após a
lavagem.
12 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 21 ---
PERIGO
Para evitar choque elétrico, não remova a capa plástica que protege a parte inferior da
placa inversora.
PERIGO
Embora as principais baterias possuam baixa voltagem, uma bateria em curto-circuito ou
aterrada pode produzir corrente o bastante para queimar materiais de pessoal ou
inflamáveis.
PERIGO
A menos que uma hot swap seja permitida para a FRU que está sendo substituída, faça
o seguinte antes de removê-la: desligue o computador, desconecte todos os cabos de
energia das tomadas, remova o pacote de baterias e desconecte quaisquer cabos de
interconexão.
Safety information 13

--- Page 22 ---
DANGER
Avant de remettre l’ordinateur sous tension après remplacement d’une unité en clientèle,
vérifiez que tous les ressorts, vis et autres pièces sont bien en place et bien fixées. Pour
ce faire, secouez l’unité et assurez-vous qu’aucun bruit suspect ne se produit. Des pièces
métalliques ou des copeaux de métal pourraient causer un court-circuit.
DANGER
Certaines batteries de secours contiennent du nickel et du cadmium. Ne les démontez
pas, ne les rechargez pas, ne les exposez ni au feu ni à l’eau. Ne les mettez pas en
court-circuit. Pour les mettre au rebut, conformez-vous à la réglementation en vigueur.
Lorsque vous remplacez la pile de sauvegarde ou celle de l’horloge temps réel, veillez à
n’utiliser que les modèles cités dans la liste de pièces détachées adéquate. Une batterie
ou une pile inappropriée risque de prendre feu ou d’exploser.
DANGER
La batterie contient du nickel. Ne la démontez pas, ne l’exposez ni au feu ni à l’eau. Ne
la mettez pas en court-circuit. Pour la mettre au rebut, conformez-vous à la
réglementation en vigueur. Lorsque vous remplacez la batterie, veillez à n’utiliser que
les modèles cités dans la liste de pièces détachées adéquate. En effet, une batterie
inappropriée risque de prendre feu ou d’exploser.
DANGER
La pile de sauvegarde contient du lithium. Elle présente des risques d’incendie,
d’explosion ou de brûlures graves. Ne la rechargez pas, ne retirez pas son connecteur
polarisé et ne la démontez pas. Ne l’exposez pas à une temperature supérieure à 100°C,
ne la faites pas brûler et n’en exposez pas le contenu à l’eau. Mettez la pile au rebut
conformément à la réglementation en vigueur. Une pile inappropriée risque de prendre
feu ou d’exploser.
DANGER
Si le panneau d’affichage à cristaux liquides se brise et que vous recevez dans les yeux
ou sur les mains une partie du fluide, rincez-les abondamment pendant au moins
quinze minutes. Consultez un médecin si des symptômes persistent après le lavage.
14 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 23 ---
DANGER
Afin d’éviter tout risque de choc électrique, ne retirez pas le cache en plastique
protégeant la partie inférieure de la carte d’alimentation.
DANGER
Bien que le voltage des batteries principales soit peu élevé, le court-circuit ou la mise à
la masse d’une batterie peut produire suffisamment de courant pour brûler des
matériaux combustibles ou causer des brûlures corporelles graves.
DANGER
Si le remplacement à chaud n’est pas autorisé pour l’unité remplaçable sur site que vous
remplacez, procédez comme suit avant de retirer l’unité : mettez l’ordinateur hors
tension, débranchez tous les cordons d’alimentation des prises de courant, retirez le bloc
de batterie et déconnectez tous les câbles d’interconnexion.
Safety information 15

--- Page 24 ---
VORSICHT
Bevor nach einem FRU-Austausch der Computer wieder angeschlossen wird,
muß sichergestellt werden, daß keine Schrauben, Federn oder andere Kleinteile
fehlen oder im Gehäuse vergessen wurden. Der Computer muß geschüttelt und
auf Klappergeräusche geprüft werden. Metallteile oder-splitter können
Kurzschlüsse erzeugen.
VORSICHT
Die Bereitschaftsbatterie, die sich unter dem Diskettenlaufwerk befindet, kann
geringe Mengen Nickel und Cadmium enthalten. Sie darf nur durch die
Verkaufsstelle oder den IBM Kundendienst ausgetauscht werden. Sie darf nicht
zerlegt, wiederaufgeladen, kurzgeschlossen, oder Feuer oder Wasser ausgesetzt
werden. Die Batterie kann schwere Verbrennungen oder Verätzungen
verursachen. Bei der Entsorgung die örtlichen Bestimmungen für Sondermüll
beachten. Beim Ersetzen der Bereitschafts-oder Systembatterie nur Batterien des
Typs verwenden, der in der Ersatzteilliste aufgeführt ist. Der Einsatz falscher
Batterien kann zu Entzündung oder Explosion führen.
VORSICHT
Akkus enthalten geringe Mengen von Nickel. Sie dürfen nicht zerlegt,
wiederaufgeladen, kurzgeschlossen, oder Feuer oder Wasser ausgesetzt werden.
Bei der Entsorgung die örtlichen Bestimmungen für Sondermüll beachten.
Beim Ersetzen der Batterie nur Batterien des Typs verwenden, der in der
Ersatzteilliste aufgeführt ist. Der Einsatz falscher Batterien kann zu
Entzündung oder Explosion führen.
VORSICHT
Die Systembatterie ist eine Lithiumbatterie. Sie kann sich entzünden,
explodieren oder schwere Verbrennungen hervorrufen. Batterien dieses Typs
dürfen nicht aufgeladen, zerlegt, über 100 C erhitzt oder verbrannt werden.
Auch darf ihr Inhalt nicht mit Wasser in Verbindung gebracht oder der zur
richtigen Polung angebrachte Verbindungsstecker entfernt werden. Bei der
Entsorgung die örtlichen Bestimmungen für Sondermüll beachten. Beim
Ersetzen der Batterie nur Batterien des Typs verwenden, der in der
Ersatzteilliste aufgeführt ist. Der Einsatz falscher Batterien kann zu
Entzündung oder Explosion führen.
16 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 25 ---
VORSICHT
Die Leuchtstoffröhre im LCD-Bildschirm enthält Quecksilber. Bei der
Entsorgung die örtlichen Bestimmungen für Sondermüll beachten. Der
LCD-Bildschirm besteht aus Glas und kann zerbrechen, wenn er unsachgemäß
behandelt wird oder der Computer auf den Boden fällt. Wenn der Bildschirm
beschädigt ist und die darin befindliche Flüssigkeit in Kontakt mit Haut und
Augen gerät, sollten die betroffenen Stellen mindestens 15 Minuten mit Wasser
abgespült und bei Beschwerden anschließend ein Arzt aufgesucht werden.
VORSICHT
Aus Sicherheitsgründen die Kunststoffabdeckung, die den unteren Teil der
Spannungswandlerplatine umgibt, nicht entfernen.
VORSICHT
Obwohl Hauptbatterien eine niedrige Spannung haben, können sie doch bei
Kurzschluß oder Erdung genug Strom abgeben, um brennbare Materialien zu
entzünden oder Verletzungen bei Personen hervorzurufen.
VORSICHT
Wenn ein Austausch der FRU bei laufendem Betrieb nicht erlaubt ist, gehen
Sie beim Austausch der FRU wie folgt vor: Schalten Sie den Computer aus,
ziehen Sie alle Netzkabel von den Netzsteckdosen ab, entfernen Sie den Akku
und ziehen Sie alle miteinander verbundenen Kabel ab.
Safety information 17

--- Page 26 ---
18 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 28 ---
20 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 30 ---
22 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 32 ---
PELIGRO
Antes de encender el sistema despues de sustituir una FRU, compruebe que todos los
tornillos, muelles y demás piezas pequeñas se encuentran en su sitio y no se encuentran
sueltas dentro del sistema. Compruébelo agitando el sistema y escuchando los posibles
ruidos que provocarían. Las piezas metálicas pueden causar cortocircuitos eléctricos.
PELIGRO
Algunas baterías de reserva contienen una pequeña cantidad de níquel y cadmio. No las
desmonte, ni recargue, ni las eche al fuego o al agua ni las cortocircuite. Deséchelas tal
como dispone la normativa local. Utilice sólo baterías que se encuentren en la lista de
piezas. La utilización de una batería no apropiada puede provocar la ignición o
explosión de la misma.
PELIGRO
Las baterías contienen pequeñas cantidades de níquel. No las desmonte, ni recargue, ni
las eche al fuego o al agua ni las cortocircuite. Deséchelas tal como dispone la normativa
local. Utilice sólo baterías que se encuentren en la lista de piezas al sustituir la batería.
La utilización de una batería no apropiada puede provocar la ignición o explosión de la
misma.
PELIGRO
La batería de repuesto es una batería de litio y puede provocar incendios, explosiones o
quemaduras graves. No la recargue, ni quite el conector polarizado, ni la desmonte, ni
caliente por encima de los 100°C (212°F), ni la incinere ni exponga el contenido de sus
celdas al agua. Deséchela tal como dispone la normativa local.
PELIGRO
Si la LCD se rompe y el fluido de su interior entra en contacto con sus ojos o sus
manos, lave inmediatamente las áreas afectadas con agua durante 15 minutos como
mínimo. Obtenga atención medica si se presenta algún síntoma del fluido despues de
lavarse.
24 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 33 ---
PELIGRO
Para evitar descargas, no quite la cubierta de plástico que rodea la parte baja de la
tarjeta invertida.
PELIGRO
Aunque las baterías principales tienen un voltaje bajo, una batería cortocircuitada o con
contacto a tierra puede producir la corriente suficiente como para quemar material
combustible o provocar quemaduras en el personal.
PELIGRO
Salvo que se permita el intercambio en caliente para la unidad sustituible localmente,
realice lo siguiente antes de extraerla: apague el sistema, desconecte todos los cables de
alimentación de las tomas de alimentación eléctrica, extraiga la batería y desconecte los
cables de interconexión.
Safety information 25

--- Page 34 ---
26 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 36 ---
Laser compliance statement (multilingual translations)
The laser compliance statements in this section are provided in the following
languages:
v English
v Arabic
v Brazilian Portuguese
v French
v German
v Hebrew
v Japanese
v Korean
v Spanish
v Traditional Chinese
Some models of ThinkPad Notebook are equipped from the factory with an optical
storage device such as a CD-ROM drive or a DVD-ROM drive. Such devices are
also sold separately as options. If one of these drives is installed, it is certified in
the U.S. to conform to the requirements of the Department of Health and Human
Services 21 Code of Federal Regulations (DHHS 21 CFR) Subchapter J for Class 1
laser products. Elsewhere, the drive is certified to conform to the requirements of
the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) 60825-1 and CENELEC EN
60825-1 for Class 1 laser products.
If a CD-ROM drive, a DVD-ROM drive, or another laser device is installed, note
the following:
CAUTION:
Use of controls or adjustments or performance of procedures other than those
specified herein might result in hazardous radiation exposure.
Opening the CD-ROM drive, the DVD-ROM drive, or any other optical storage
device could result in exposure to hazardous laser radiation. There are no
serviceable parts inside those drives. Do not open.
A CD-ROM drive, a DVD-ROM drive, or any other storage device installed may
contain an embedded Class 3A or Class 3B laser diode. Note the following:
DANGER
Emits visible and invisible laser radiation when open. Do not stare into the
beam, do not view directly with optical instruments, and avoid direct exposure
to the beam.
28 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 38 ---
Alguns modelos de computador ThinkPad são equipados na fábrica com um
dispositivo de armazenamento ótico, como uma unidade de CD-ROM ou de
DVD-ROM. Tais dispositivos também são vendidos separadamente como
opcionais. Se uma dessas unidades estiver instalada, ela é certificada nos Estados
Unidos em conformidade com os requisitos do Department of Health and Human
Services 21 Code of Federal Regulations (DHHS 21 CFR), Subcapítulo J, para
produtos a laser da Classe 1. Em outros países, a unidade é certificada em
conformidade com os requisitos da International Electrotechnical Commission
(IEC) 60825-1 e CENELEC EN 60825-1 para produtos a laser da Classe 1.
Se uma unidade de CD-ROM, uma unidade de DVD-ROM, ou outro dispositivo de
laser estiver instalado, observe o seguinte:
CUIDADO:
O uso de controles, ou ajustes, ou a execução de procedimentos diferentes dos
especificados nesta documentação pode resultar em exposição perigosa à
radiação.
Abrir a unidade de CD-ROM, a unidade de DVD-ROM, ou qualquer outro
dispositivo de armazenamento ótico pode resultar em exposição perigosa à
radiação de laser. Não há peças que permitam manutenção dentro dessas unidades.
Não abra.
Uma unidade de CD-ROM, uma unidade de DVD-ROM, ou qualquer outro
dispositivo de armazenamento instalado pode conter um diodo de laser da Classe
3A ou Classe 3B integrado. Observe o seguinte:
PERIGO
Emite radiação de laser visível e invisível quando aberto. Não olhe diretamente
para o feixe a olho nu ou com instrumentos óticos, e evite exposição direta ao
feixe.
30 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 39 ---
Certains modèles d’ordinateur ThinkPad sont équipés d’origine d’une unité de
stockage optique telle qu’une unité de CD-ROM ou de DVD-ROM. Ces unités sont
également vendues séparément en tant qu’options. Si l’une de ces unités est
installée, elle est certifiée conforme, aux Etats-Unis, aux normes indiquées dans le
sous-chapitre J du DHHS 21 CFR relatif aux produits à laser de classe 1. Dans les
autres pays, l’unité est certifiée être un produit à laser de classe 1 conforme aux
normes CEI 60825-1 et CENELEC EN 60825-1.
Si une unité de CD-ROM, une unité de DVD-ROM ou une unité à laser d’un autre
type est installée, veuillez tenir compte des informations suivantes :
ATTENTION :
Pour éviter tout risque d’exposition au rayon laser, respectez les consignes de
réglage et d’utilisation des commandes, ainsi que les procédures décrites dans le
présent manuel.
L’ouverture de l’unité de CD-ROM, de l’unité de DVD-ROM ou de toute autre
unité de stockage optique peut entraîner une exposition à des radiations
dangereuses. Aucune pièce de ces unités n’est réparable. Ne pas ouvrir.
Une unité de CD-ROM ou de DVD-ROM, ou toute autre unité de stockage optique
peut contenir une diode à laser de classe 3A ou 3B. Veuillez tenir compte des
informations suivantes :
DANGER
Emet un rayonnement laser visible et invisible lorsque l’unité est ouverte.
Evitez toute exposition directe au rayon laser. Evitez de regarder fixement le
faisceau ou de l’observer à l’aide d’instruments optiques.
Safety information 31

--- Page 40 ---
Einige ThinkPad-Modelle sind werkseitig mit einem CD-ROM- oder
DVD-ROM-Laufwerk ausgestattet. CD- und DVD-Laufwerke können auch
gesondert als Zusatzeinrichtung erworben werden. Die Laufwerke erfüllen die
Anforderungen gemäß IEC 60825-1 (International Electrotechnical Commission)
und gemäß CENELEC EN 60825-1 für Laserprodukte der Klasse 1.
Bei der Installation von CD-ROM-Laufwerken, DVD-ROM-Laufwerken oder
anderen Lasereinheiten Folgendes beachten:
VORSICHT:
Die Bedienung des Geräts auf eine andere als die hier beschriebene Weise oder
die Nichteinhaltung der hier beschriebenen Einstellungen oder Bedienschritte
kann zur Freisetzung gefährlicher Laserstrahlung führen.
Beim Öffnen eines CD-ROM-Laufwerks, DVD-ROM-Laufwerks oder anderen
optischen Speicherlaufwerks können gefährliche Laserstrahlungen freigesetzt
werden. Die Laufwerke enthalten keine zu wartenden Teile. Laufwerke nicht
öffnen!
Ein installiertes CD-ROM-Laufwerk, DVD-ROM-Laufwerk oder anderes optisches
Speicherlaufwerk kann eine Laserdiode der Klasse 3A oder 3B enthalten. Folgendes
beachten:
GEFAHR
Sichtbare und nicht sichtbare Laserstrahlung, wenn geöfnet. Nicht in den
Strahl blicken. Keine Lupen oder Spiegel verwenden. Strahlungsbereich
meiden.
32 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 42 ---
34 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 44 ---
Algunos modelos de sistemas ThinkPad están equipados de fábrica con un
dispositivo de almacenamiento óptico, como una unidad de CD-ROM o de
DVD-ROM. Estas unidades también se venden por separado como opciones. Si
está instalada alguna de dichas unidades, se certifica que en los Estados Unidos
cumple los requisitos del Department of Health and Human Services 21 Code of
Federal Regulations (DHHS 21 CFR) Subchapter J para productos láser de Clase 1.
En otros países, se certifica que cumple los requisitos para productos láser de Clase
1 de las normativas 60825-1 y CENELEC EN 60825-1 de International
Electrotechnical Commission (IEC).
Si está instalada alguna unidad de CD-ROM, DVD-ROM u otro dispositivo láser,
tenga en cuenta lo siguiente:
PRECAUCIÓN:
La utilización de controles, ajustes o la realización de procedimientos diferentes
a los especificados puede dar como resultado una exposición peligrosa a
radiaciones.
Si abre la unidad de CD-ROM, DVD-ROM o cualquier otro dispositivo de
almacenamiento óptico, podría quedar expuesto a una radiación láser peligrosa.
No hay piezas que requieran servicio dentro de estas unidades. No las abra.
Las unidades de CD-ROM, DVD-ROM u otro dispositivo de almacenamiento
instalado pueden contener un diodo láser de Clase 3A o Clase 3B incorporado.
Tenga en cuenta lo siguiente:
PELIGRO
Emite radiación láser visible e invisible cuando está abierto. No fije la vista en
el rayo, no lo mire directamente con instrumentos ópticos y evite la exposición
directa al rayo.
36 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 46 ---
38 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 47 ---
Important service information
This chapter presents following important service information that applies to all
machine types supported by this manual:
v “Strategy for replacing FRUs”
– “Strategy for replacing a hard disk drive” on page 40
– “Important notice for replacing a system board” on page 40
– “How to use error message” on page 40
v “Strategy for replacing FRUs for CTO, CMV, and GAV” on page 41
– “Product definition” on page 41
– “FRU identification for CTO, CMV, and GAV products” on page 41
Strategy for replacing FRUs
Important:
BIOS and device driver fixes are customer-installable. The BIOS and device
drivers are posted on the customer support site http://www.lenovo.com/support
System Disassembly/Reassembly videos that show the FRU removals or
replacements for the Lenovo
®
authorized service technicians are available in the
following support site: http://www.lenovoservicetraining.com/ion/
Advise customers to contact the Customer Support Center at 800-426-7378 if they
need assistance in obtaining or installing any software fixes, drivers, and BIOS
downloads.
Customers in Canada should call the Customer Support Center at 800-565-3344
for assistance or download information.
Before replacing parts:
Make sure that all software fixes, drivers, and BIOS downloads are installed
before replacing any FRUs listed in this manual.
After a system board is replaced, ensure that the latest BIOS is loaded to the
system board before completing the service action.
To download software fixes, drivers, and BIOS, do as follows:
1. Go to http://www.lenovo.com/support
2. Enter the product number of the computer or press Auto-detect button on the
screen.
3. Select Downloads and drivers.
4. Follow the directions on the screen and install the necessary software.
© Copyright Lenovo 2008, 2010 39

--- Page 48 ---
Use the following strategy to prevent unnecessary expense for replacing and
servicing FRUs:
v If you are instructed to replace a FRU but the replacement does not correct the
problem, reinstall the original FRU before you continue.
v Some computers have both a processor board and a system board. If you are
instructed to replace either the processor board or the system board, and
replacing one of them does not correct the problem, reinstall that board, and
then replace the other one.
v If an adapter or a device consists of more than one FRU, any of the FRUs may
be the cause of the error. Before replacing the adapter or device, remove the
FRUs, one by one, to see if the symptoms change. Replace only the FRU that
changed the symptoms.
Attention: The setup configuration on the computer you are servicing may have
been customized. Running Automatic Configuration may alter the settings. Note
the current configuration settings (using the View Configuration option); then,
when service has been completed, verify that those settings remain in effect.
Strategy for replacing a hard disk drive
Always try to run a low-level format before replacing a hard disk drive. This will
cause all customer data on the hard disk to be lost. Be sure that the customer has a
current backup of the data before doing this task.
Attention: The drive startup sequence in the computer you are servicing may
have been changed. Be extremely careful during write operations such as copying,
saving, or formatting. If you select an incorrect drive, data or programs can be
overwritten.
Important notice for replacing a system board
Some components mounted on a system board are very sensitive. Improper
handling of a system board can cause damage to those components, and may
cause a system malfunction.
Attention: When handling a system board:
v Do not drop a system board or apply any excessive force to it.
v Avoid rough handling of any kind.
v Avoid bending a system board and hard pushing to prevent cracking at each
BGA (Ball Grid Array) chipset.
How to use error message
Use the error codes displayed on the screen to diagnose failures. If more than one
error code is displayed, begin the diagnosis with the first error code. Whatever
causes the first error code may also cause false error codes. If no error code is
displayed, see whether the error symptom is listed in the Symptom-to-FRU Index
for the computer you are servicing.
40 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 49 ---
Strategy for replacing FRUs for CTO, CMV, and GAV
Product definition
Dynamic Configure To Order (CTO)
This provides the ability for a customer to configure an IBM
®
or a Lenovo solution
from an eSite, and have this configuration sent to fulfillment, where it is built and
shipped directly to the customer. The machine label, Product Entitlement
Warehouse (PEW), eSupport, and the HMM will load these products as the 4-digit
MT and 3-digit model, where model = “CTO” (Example: 1829-CTO).
Custom Model Variant (CMV)
This is a unique configuration that has been negotiated between IBM or Lenovo
and the customer. A unique 4-digit MT and 3-digit model is provided to the
customer to place orders (Example: 1829-W15). A CMV is a special bid offering.
Therefore, it is NOT generally announced.
v The MTM portion of the machine label is the 4-digit MT and 3-digit model,
where model = “CTO” (Example: 1829-CTO). The PRODUCT ID portion of the
machine label is the 4-digit MT and 3-digit CMV model (Example: 1829-W15).
v The PEW record is the 4-digit MT and 3-digit model, where model = “CTO”
(Example: 1829-CTO).
v eSupport will show both the CTO and CMV machine type models (Example:
1829-CTO and 1829-W15 will be found on the eSupport site.)
v The HMM will have the 4-digit MT and 3-digit CTO model only (Example:
1829-CTO). Again, CMVs are custom models and are not found in the HMM.
General Announce Variant (GAV)
This is a standard model (fixed configuration). GAVs are announced and offered to
all customers. The MTM portion of the machine label is a 4-digit MT and 3-digit
model, where model = a “fixed part number”, not “CTO” (Example: 1829-F1U).
Also, PEW, eSupport, and the HMM will list these products under the same fixed
model number.
FRU identification for CTO, CMV, and GAV products
There are three information resources to identify which FRUs are used to support
CTO, CMV, and GAV products. These sources are PEW, eSupport, and the HMM.
Using PEW
v PEW is the primary source for identifying FRU part numbers and FRU
descriptions for the key commodities for CTO, CMV and GAV products at a MT
- serial number level. An example of key commodities are hard disk drives,
system boards, microprocessors, Liquid Crystal Displays (LCDs), and memory.
v Remember, all CTO and CMV products are loaded in PEW under the 4-digit MT
and 3-digit model, where model = “CTO” (Example: 1829-CTO). GAVs are
loaded in PEW under the 4-digit MT and 3-digit model, where model = a “fixed
part number”, not “CTO” (Example: 1829-F1U).
v PEW can be accessed at the following Web site:
http://www.lenovo.com/support/site.wss/document.do?lndocid=LOOK-WARNTY
Select Warranty lookup. Input the MT and the Serial number and the list of key
commodities will be returned in the PEW record under COMPONENT
INFORMATION.
Important service information 41

--- Page 50 ---
v Business Partners using Eclaim will access PEW when performing Entitlement
Lookup. Business Partners will enter Loc ID, MT and Serial, and the key
commodities will be returned in the Eclaim record under SYSTEM DETAILS.
v Authorized IBM Business Partners can access Eclaim at the following Web site:
https://wca.eclaim.com
Using eSupport
For Key Commodities (Examples - hard disk drive, system board,
microprocessor, LCD, and memory)
v eSupport can be used to view the list of key commodities built in a particular
machine serial (this is the same record found in PEW).
v eSupport can be accessed at the following Web site: http://www.lenovo.com/
support
v To view the key commodities, click on PARTS INFORMATION, then PARTS
LOOKUP. Type in the model type and serial number. The key commodities will
be returned in the eSupport record under PARTS SHIPPED WITH YOUR
SYSTEM.
For the Remaining FRUs (the complete list of FRUs at the MT Model level)
v eSupport can be used to view the complete list of FRUs for a machine type and
model.
v To view the complete list of FRUs, type in the machine type and model
(Example: 1829-CTO) under QUICK PATH. Under “View by Document Type”
select PARTS INFORMATION. Under “Filter by Category” select SERVICE
PARTS. Under “Parts Information by Date” select SYSTEM SERVICE PARTS. The
list of service parts by description, with applicable machine type model and FRU
will be displayed.
Using the HMM
For Key Commodities (Examples - hard disk drive, system board,
microprocessor, LCD, and memory)
Use the HMM as a back-up to PEW and eSupport to view the complete list of
FRUs at the MT Model level.
42 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 51 ---
General checkout
This chapter presents following information:
v “What to do first” on page 44
v “Checkout guide” on page 45
– “Diagnostics using PC-Doctor for DOS” on page 45
– “Lenovo ThinkVantage Toolbox (Lenovo System Toolbox)” on page 48
– “PC-Doctor for Windows” on page 48
– “PC-Doctor for Rescue and Recovery” on page 49
– “FRU tests” on page 50
v “Power system checkout” on page 52
The descriptions in this chapter apply to any ThinkPad model that supports the
PC-Doctor
®
for DOS diagnostics program. Some descriptions might not apply to
your particular computer.
Before you go to the checkout guide, be sure to read the following important notes.
Important notes:
v Only certified trained personnel should service the computer.
v Before replacing any FRU, read the entire page on removing and replacing
FRUs.
v When you replace FRUs, use new nylon-coated screws.
v Be extremely careful during such write operations as copying, saving, or
formatting. Drives in the computer that you are servicing sequence might
have been altered. If you select an incorrect drive, data or programs might be
overwritten.
v Replace a FRU only with another FRU of the correct model. When you
replace a FRU, make sure that the model of the machine and the FRU part
number are correct by referring to the FRU parts list.
v A FRU should not be replaced because of a single, unreproducible failure.
Single failures can occur for a variety of reasons that have nothing to do with
a hardware defect, such as cosmic radiation, electrostatic discharge, or
software errors. Consider replacing a FRU only when a problem recurs. If you
suspect that a FRU is defective, clear the error log and run the test again. If
the error does not recur, do not replace the FRU.
v Be careful not to replace a nondefective FRU.
© Copyright Lenovo 2008, 2010 43

--- Page 52 ---
What to do first
When you do return a FRU, you must include the following information in the
parts exchange form or parts return form that you attach to it:
__ 1. Name and phone number of service technician
__ 2. Date of service
__ 3. Date on which the machine failed
__ 4. Date of purchase
__ 5. Failure symptoms, error codes appearing on the display, and beep
symptoms
__ 6. Procedure index and page number in which the failing FRU was detected
__ 7. Failing FRU name and part number
__ 8. Machine type, model number, and serial number
__ 9. Customer’s name and address
Note for warranty: During the warranty period, the customer may be responsible
for repair costs if the computer damage was caused by misuse, accident,
modification, unsuitable physical or operating environment, or improper
maintenance by the customer.
Following is a list of some common items that are not covered under warranty and
some symptoms that might indicate that the system was subjected to stress beyond
normal use.
Before checking problems with the computer, determine whether the damage is
covered under the warranty by referring to the following list:
The following are not covered under warranty:
v LCD panel cracked from the application of excessive force or from being
dropped
v Scratched (cosmetic) parts
v Distortion, deformation, or discoloration of the cosmetic parts
v Plastic parts, latches, pins, or connectors that have been cracked or broken by
excessive force
v Damage caused by liquid spilled into the system
v Damage caused by the improper insertion of a PC Card or the installation of an
incompatible card
v Improper disc insertion or use of an optical drive
v Diskette drive damage caused by pressure on the diskette drive cover, foreign
material in the drive, or the insertion of a diskette with multiple labels
v Damaged or bent diskette eject button
v Fuses blown by attachment of a nonsupported device
v Forgotten computer password (making the computer unusable)
v Sticky keys caused by spilling a liquid onto the keyboard
v Use of an incorrect ac adapter on laptop products
The following symptoms might indicate damage caused by nonwarranted
activities:
v Missing parts might be a symptom of unauthorized service or modification.
v If the spindle of a hard disk drive becomes noisy, it may have been subjected to
excessive force, or dropped.
44 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 53 ---
Checkout guide
Use the following procedures as a guide in identifying and correcting problems
with the ThinkPad Notebook.
Note: The diagnostic tests are intended to test only ThinkPad products. The use of
non-ThinkPad products, prototype cards, or modified options can lead to false
indications of errors and invalid system responses.
1. Identify the failing symptoms in as much detail as possible.
2. Verify the symptoms. Try to re-create the failure by running the diagnostic test
or by repeating the operation.
Diagnostics using PC-Doctor for DOS
The ThinkPad Notebook has a test program called PC-Doctor for DOS (hereafter
called PC-Doctor.) You can detect errors by running the diagnostics test included in
PC-Doctor.
For some possible configurations of the computer, PC-Doctor might not run
correctly. To avoid this problem, you need to initialize the computer setup by use
of the BIOS Setup Utility before you run PC-Doctor.
To enter BIOS Setup Utility, do as follows:
1. Turn on the computer.
2. When the ThinkPad logo comes up, immediately press F1 to enter the BIOS
Setup Utility.
Note: If a supervisor password has been set by the customer, BIOS Setup Utility
menu appears after the password is entered. You can start the utility by pressing
Enter instead of entering the supervisor password; however, you cannot change the
parameters that are protected by the supervisor password.
On the BIOS Setup Utility screen, press F9, Enter, F10, and then Enter.
Note: When you initialize the computer configuration, some devices are disabled,
such as the serial port. If you test one of these devices, you will need to enable it
by using Configuration utility for DOS. The utility is available on the following
Web site: http://www.lenovo.com/support
Note:
PC-Doctor for DOS is available at the following Web site: http://
www.lenovo.com/support
To create the PC-Doctor diagnostic CD, follow the instructions on the Web site.
General checkout 45

--- Page 54 ---
Testing the computer
Note: The PC-Doctor diagnostic CD does not support any optical drives connected
through USB devices or any others. It supports only the internal optical drive of
the ThinkPad Notebook.
To run the test, do as follows:
1. Turn off the computer.
2. Make sure that the internal optical drive that is supported as a startup device
is attached to the computer.
3. Turn on the computer.
If the computer cannot be powered on, go to “Power system checkout” on
page 52, and check the power sources.
If an error code appears, go to “Symptom-to-FRU index” on page 62.
4. When the ThinkPad logo comes up, immediately press F12 to enter the Boot
Menu.
5. Insert the PC-Doctor CD into the internal optical drive.
6. Press cursor keys to select ATAPI CDx (x: 0, 1, ...) and then press Enter.
7. Follow the instructions on the screen.
8. The main panel of PC-Doctor appears.
9. Select Diagnostics with the arrow keys, and press Enter.
Note: You can select an item not only with the arrow keys, but also with the
TrackPoint
®
pointer. Instead of pressing Enter, click the left button.
A pull-down menu appears. (Its exact form depends on the model.)
Note: PC-Doctor menu does not mean the formal support device list. Some
unsupported device names may appear in the PC-Doctor menu.
Diagnostics
Run Normal Test
Run Quick Test
CPU/Coprocessor
Systemboard
Video Adapter
Fixed Disks
Diskette Drives
Other Devices
Communication
Advanced Memory Tests
Interactive Tests Hardware Info Utility Quit F1=Help
PC-DOCTOR 2.0  Copyright 2008 PC-Doctor, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Use the cursor keys and ESC to move in menus. Press ENTER to select.
Wireless LAN
46 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 55 ---
The options on the test menu are as follows:
Diagnostics Interactive Tests
v Run Normal Test
v Run Quick Test
v CPU/Coprocessor
v Systemboard
v Video Adapter
v Fixed Disks
v Diskette Drives
v Other Devices
v ThinkPad Devices
v Communication
v Wireless LAN
v Advanced Memory Tests
v Keyboard
v Video
v Internal Speaker
v Mouse
v Diskette
v System Load
v Optical Drive Test
v Intel WLAN Radio Test
Notes:
v In the Keyboard test in Interactive Tests, the Fn key should be held down for at least 2
seconds; otherwise, it cannot be sensed.
v Video Adapter test supports only the LCD display on the ThinkPad Notebook. If you
have an external monitor attached to your computer, detach it before running PC-Doctor
for DOS.
v To test Digital Signature Chip, the security chip must be set to Active.
10. Run the applicable function test.
11. Follow the instructions on the screen. If there is a problem, PC-Doctor shows
messages describing it.
12. To exit the test, select Quit — Exit Diag.
To cancel the test, press Esc.
Note: After running PC-Doctor, check the time and date on the system and reset
them if they are incorrect.
Detecting system information with PC-Doctor
PC-Doctor can detect the following system information:
Hardware Info
v System Configuration
v Memory Contents
v Physical Disk Drives
v Logical Disk Drives
v VGA Information
v IDE Drive Info
v PCI Information
v PNPISA Info
v SMBIOS Info
v VESA LCD Info
v Hardware Events Log
Utility
v Run External Tests
v Surface Scan Hard Disk
v Benchmark System
v DOS Shell
v Tech Support Form
v Battery Rundown
v View Test Log
General checkout 47

--- Page 56 ---
v Print Log
v Save Log
v Full Erase Hard Drive
v Quick Erase Hard Drive
Lenovo ThinkVantage Toolbox (Lenovo System Toolbox)
Lenovo ThinkVantage
®
Toolbox (Lenovo System Toolbox in Windows Vista
®
and
Windows
®
XP) is a diagnostic program that works through the Windows operating
system. It enables you to view symptoms of computer problems and solutions for
them, and includes automatic notification when action is required, computing
assistance, advanced diagnostics, and diagnostic history.
To run this program, do as follows:
Windows 7:
While the Windows operating system is running, press the ThinkVantage button.
You can also run this program as either of the following:
v Click Start --> All Programs --> Lenovo ThinkVantage Tools --> System Health
and Diagnostics.
v Click Start --> Control Panel --> System and Security --> Lenovo’s System
Health and Diagnostics.
Windows Vista and Windows XP:
Click Start --> All Programs --> Lenovo Services --> Lenovo System Toolbox.
Follow the instructions on the screen. Lenovo ThinkVantage Toolbox (Lenovo
System Toolbox) also has problem determination aids that determine software and
usage problems.
For additional information about this program, see the Help for the program.
PC-Doctor for Windows
In some models of ThinkPad Notebook, PC-Doctor for Windows enables you to
troubleshoot and resolve problems related to the computer.
Select one of the categories listed below to display symptoms and solutions:
v Check System Health
v System and Device Tests
v Lenovo Troubleshooting Center
v System Reports
v Updates and Support
Note:
The latest Lenovo ThinkVantage Toolbox (Lenovo System Toolbox) is available at
the following Web site: http://www.lenovo.com/support
To install the latest Lenovo ThinkVantage Toolbox (Lenovo System Toolbox) on
the computer, follow the instructions on the Web site.
48 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 57 ---
PC-Doctor for Rescue and Recovery
In some models of ThinkPad Notebook, the Rescue and Recovery
®
workspace
enables you to run the PC-Doctor program to test the hardware features of the
computer.
To run the test, click “Run Diagnostics” on the Rescue and Recovery main screen.
General checkout 49

--- Page 58 ---
FRU tests
The following table shows the test for each FRU.
Table 1. FRU tests
FRU Applicable test
System board 1. Diagnostics --> CPU/Coprocessor
2. Diagnostics --> Systemboard
3. If the ThinkPad X200 Ultrabase
™
is attached to the ThinkPad
computer, detach it. Place the computer on a horizontal
surface, and run Diagnostics --> ThinkPad Devices --> HDD
Active Protection Test.
Note: Do not apply any physical shock to the computer while
the test is running.
Power Diagnostics --> ThinkPad Devices --> AC Adapter, Battery 1
(Battery2)
LCD unit 1. Diagnostics --> Video Adapter
2. Interactive Tests --> Video
Audio Enter the BIOS Setup Utility and change Serial ATA (SATA) setting
to Compatibility, and run Diagnostics --> Other Device -->
Conexant Audio
Speaker Interactive Tests --> Internal Speaker
Note: Once Modem/Audio test is done, the no sound is heard
this test. In this case, turn off and turn on the computer. Then, run
this test again.
PC Card slot Diagnostics --> Systemboard --> PCMCIA
ExpressCard slot 1. Insert a PCI-Express/USB Wrap card into the ExpressCard slot.
2. Turn on the computer.
3. Run Diagnostics --> ThinkPad Devices --> ExpressCard slot.
Keyboard 1. Diagnostics --> Systemboard --> Keyboard
2. Interactive Tests --> Keyboard
Hard disk drive Enter the BIOS Setup Utility and change Serial ATA (SATA) setting
to Compatibility, and run Diagnostics --> Fixed Disks
You can also diagnose the hard disk drive without starting up the
operating system. To diagnose the hard disk drive from the BIOS
Setup Utility, do as follows:
1. Remove any diskette from the diskette drive, and then turn off
the computer.
2. Turn on the computer.
3. While the message, “To interrupt normal startup, press the
blue ThinkVangate button,” is displayed at the lower left of the
screen, press F1 to enter the BIOS Setup Utility.
4. Using cursor keys, select HDD diagnostic program. Press
enter.
5. Using cursor keys, select Main hard disk drive or
Ultrabay
hard disk drive.
6. Press Enter to start the diagnostic program.
Diskette drive 1. Diagnostics --> Diskette Drives
2. Interactive Tests --> Diskette
Optical drive 1. Diagnostics --> Other Devices--> Optical Drive
2. Interactive Tests --> Optical Drive Test
Memory 1. If two DIMMs are installed, remove one of them and run
Diagnostics --> PM Memory.
2. If the problem does not recur, return the DIMM to its place,
remove the other one, and run the test again.
50 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 59 ---
Table 1. FRU tests (continued)
FRU Applicable test
TrackPoint or pointing
device
If the TrackPoint does not work, check the configuration as
specified in the BIOS Setup Utility. If the TrackPoint is disabled,
select Automatic to enable it.
After you use the TrackPoint, the pointer may drift on the screen
for a short time. This drift can occur when a slight, steady
pressure is applied to the TrackPoint pointer. This symptom is not
a hardware problem. If the pointer stops after a short time, no
service action is necessary.
If enabling the TrackPoint does not correct the problem, continue
with the following:
v Interactive Tests --> Mouse
General checkout 51

--- Page 60 ---
Power system checkout
To verify a symptom, do the following:
1. Turn off the computer.
2. Remove the battery pack.
3. Connect the ac adapter.
4. Check that power is supplied when you turn on the computer.
5. Turn off the computer.
6. Disconnect the ac adapter and install the charged battery pack.
7. Check that the battery pack supplies power when you turn on the computer.
If you suspect a power problem, see the appropriate one of the following power
supply checkouts:
v “Checking the ac adapter”
v “Checking operational charging” on page 53
v “Checking the battery pack” on page 53
v “Checking the backup battery” on page 54
Checking the ac adapter
You are here because the computer fails only when the ac adapter is used.
v If the power problem occurs only when the ThinkPad X200 UltraBase is used,
replace the UltraBase.
v If the power-on indicator does not turn on, check the power cord of the ac
adapter for correct continuity and installation.
v If the computer does not charge during operation, go to “Checking operational
charging” on page 53.
To check the ac adapter, do the following:
1. Unplug the ac adapter cable from the computer.
2. Measure the output voltage at the plug of the ac adapter cable. See the
following figure:
1
2
3
(20V)
Pin Voltage (V dc)
1 +20
20
3 Ground
Note: Output voltage of pin no.2 of the ac adapter may different from the one
you are servicing.
3. If the voltage is not correct, replace the ac adapter.
4. If the voltage is acceptable, do the following:
v Replace the system board.
v If the problem persists, go to “FRU tests” on page 50.
Note: Noise from the ac adapter does not always indicate a defect.
52 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 61 ---
Checking operational charging
To check whether the battery charges properly during operation, use a discharged
battery pack or a battery pack that has less than 50% of the total power remaining
when installed in the computer.
Perform operational charging. If the battery status indicator or icon does not turn
on, remove the battery pack and let it return to room temperature. Reinstall the
battery pack. If the charge indicator or icon still does not turn on, replace the
battery pack.
If the charge indicator still does not turn on, replace the system board. Then
reinstall the battery pack. If it is still not charged, go to the next section.
Checking the battery pack
Battery charging does not start until the Power Manager Battery Gauge shows that
less than 96% of the total power remains; under this condition the battery pack can
charge to 100% of its capacity. This protects the battery pack from being
overcharged or from having a shortened life.
To check your battery, move your cursor to the Power Manager Battery Gauge icon
in the icon tray of the Windows taskbar and wait for a moment (but do not click),
and the percentage of battery power remaining is displayed. To get detailed
information about the battery, double-click the Power Manager Battery Gauge icon.
Note: If the battery pack becomes hot, it may not be able to charge. Remove it
from the computer and leave it at room temperature for a while. After it cools
down, reinstall and recharge it.
To check the battery pack, do the following:
1. Power off the computer.
2. Remove the battery pack and measure the voltage between battery terminals 1
(+) and 7 (-). See the following figure:
1(+)
2(+)
3
4
5
6(-)
7(-)
Terminal Voltage (V dc)
1 + 0 to + 12.6
7 Ground (-)
3. If the voltage is less than +11.0 V dc, the battery pack has been discharged.
Note: Recharging will take at least 3 hours, even if the indicator does not turn
on.
If the voltage is still less than +11.0 V dc after recharging, replace the battery.
4. If the voltage is more than +11.0 V dc, measure the resistance between battery
terminals 5 and 7. The resistance must be 4 to 30 K .
If the resistance is not correct, replace the battery pack. If the resistance is
correct, replace the system board.
General checkout 53

--- Page 62 ---
Checking the backup battery
Do the following:
1. Power off the computer, and unplug the ac adapter from it.
2. Turn the computer upside down.
3. Remove the battery pack (see “1010 Battery pack” on page 85).
4. Remove the backup battery (see “1060 Backup battery” on page 100).
5. Measure the voltage of the backup battery. See the following figure.
Red (+)
Black (-)
Wire Voltage (V dc)
Red +2.5 to +3.2
Black Ground
v If the voltage is correct, replace the system board.
v If the voltage is not correct, replace the backup battery.
v If the backup battery discharges quickly after replacement, replace the system
board.
54 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 63 ---
Related service information
This chapter presents following information:
v “Restoring the factory contents by using Product Recovery discs”
v “Restoring the factory contents by using Recovery Disc Set” on page 56
v “Passwords” on page 57
v “Power management” on page 60
v “Symptom-to-FRU index” on page 62
Restoring the factory contents by using Product Recovery discs
When the hard disk drive (HDD) or solid state drive (SSD) is replaced because of a
failure, no Product Recovery program is on the new drive. In this case, you must
use the recovery discs for the computer. Order the recovery discs and the drive at
the same time so that you can recover the new drive with the pre-installed
software when they arrive. For information on which discs to order, see “Recovery
discs” on page 289.
To install the factory contents by using Product Recovery discs, do the following:
1. Insert the bootable Start Recovery Disc into the DVD drive.
2. Select your language and click Next.
3. Read the license. If you agree with the terms, select I accept these terms and
conditions and then click Next.
4. Insert the Operating System Recovery Disc when prompted and click Yes to
begin the operating system recovery process.
5. Insert the Product Recovery Disc when prompted and click OK.
6. If you have a Supplemental Recovery Disc, insert it when prompted and click
Yes. If you do not have a Supplemental Recovery Disc, click No.
Note: Not all recovery disc sets come with a Supplemental Recovery Disc.If
there is a Supplemental Recovery Disc, it will be clearly marked as such.
7. When all of the data has been copied from the last disc in the set, a message is
displayed prompting you to restart the computer. Remove the disc and then
click Yes.
Note: The remainder of the recovery process is fully automated and no action
is required by you. The computer will restart into the Windows desktop several
times and you might experience periods when no activity is apparent on the
screen for several minutes at a time. This is normal.
Service Web site:
When the latest maintenance diskette and the system program service diskette
become available, they will be posted on http://www.lenovo.com/spm
Note: Recovery takes several hours. The length of time depends on the method
you use. If you use recovery discs, recovery takes at least five hours.
© Copyright Lenovo 2008, 2010 55

--- Page 64 ---
8. When the recovery process is complete, the Welcome to Microsoft Windows
screen is displayed. Follow the instructions on the screen to complete the
Windows setup.
Restoring the factory contents by using Recovery Disc Set
When the hard disk drive (HDD) or solid state drive (SSD) is replaced because of a
failure, no product recovery program is on the new drive. In this case, you must
use the Recovery Disc Set for the computer. Order the Recovery Disc Set and the
drive at the same time so that you can recover the new drive with the pre-installed
software when they arrive. For information on which discs to order, see “Recovery
discs” on page 289.
The recovery disc set consists of the user instructions and the following set of
DVDs to restore the computer to the original factory configuration.
Operating System Recovery Disc (one disc)
This disc restores the Microsoft
®
Windows operating system. Use this disc
to start the recovery process.
Applications and Drivers Recovery Disc (one or more discs)
This disc restores the preinstalled applications and drivers on the
computer.
Supplemental Recovery Disc
This disc contains additional content, such as updates to the software that
was preinstalled on the computer. Not all recovery disc sets come with a
Supplemental Recovery Disc.
Notes:
v You must have a DVD drive to use the recovery discs. If you do not have an
internal DVD drive, you can use an external USB DVD drive.
v During the recovery process, all data on the drive will be deleted. If possible,
copy any important data or personal files that you want to keep onto removable
media or a network drive before you start the recovery process.
To restore the computer to the original factory configuration using the recovery
disc set, do the following:
1. Make the CD/DVD drive the first startup device in the startup sequence
using the following procedure:
a. Press and hold down the F1 key, and then turn on the computer. When the
logo screen is displayed or if you hear repeating beeps, release the F1 key.
The Setup Utility program opens.
b. Use the arrow keys to select Startup → Boot.
c. Select the CD/DVD drive as the 1st Boot Device.
2. Insert the Operating System Recovery Disc into the DVD drive.
3. Press F10 to save the Setup Utility configuration changes. Follow the
instructions on the screen to begin the recovery process.
4. Select your language and click Next.
Note: Recovery takes several hours. The length of time depends on the method
you use. If you use recovery discs, recovery takes at least five hours.
56 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 65 ---
5. Read the license. If you agree with the terms and conditions, select I accept
these terms and conditions and then click Next. If you do not agree with the
terms and conditions, follow the instructions on the screen.
6. Click Yes in the displayed window to begin the operating system recovery
process.
7. Insert the Applications and Drivers Recovery Disc when prompted and then click
OK to begin the applications and drivers recovery process.
8. If you have a Supplemental Recovery Disc, insert it when prompted and click
Yes. If you do not have a Supplemental Recovery Disc, click No.
9. When all of the data has been copied from the last disc in the set and has
been processed, remove the disc and restart the computer.
Note: The rest of the recovery process is fully automated and no action is
required by you. The computer will restart into the Microsoft Windows
desktop several times and you might experience periods when no activity is
apparent on the screen for several minutes at a time. This is normal.
10. When the recovery process is complete, the Set Up Windows screen is
displayed. Follow the instructions on the screen to complete the Windows
setup.
11. After you have completed the Windows setup, you might want to restore the
original startup sequence. Start the Setup Utility program and then press F9 to
restore the default settings. Press F10 to save and exit the Setup Utility.
Note: After restoring a drive to the factory default settings, you might need to
reinstall some device drivers.
Passwords
As many as three passwords may be needed for any ThinkPad Notebook: the
power-on password (POP), the hard-disk password (HDP), and the supervisor
password (SVP).
If any of these passwords has been set, a prompt for it appears on the screen
whenever the computer is turned on. The computer does not start until the
password is entered.
Exception: If only an SVP is installed, the password prompt does not appear when
the operating system is booted.
Power-on password
A power-on password (POP) protects the system from being powered on by an
unauthorized person. The password must be entered before an operating system
can be booted. For how to remove the POP, see “How to remove the power-on
password” on page 58.
Hard-disk password
There are two hard-disk passwords (HDPs):
v User HDP—for the user
v Master HDP—for the system administrator, who can use it to get access to the
hard disk even if the user has changed the user HDP
Related service information 57

--- Page 66 ---
Note: There are two modes for the HDP: User only and Master + User. The
Master + User mode requires two HDPs; the system administrator enters both in
the same operation. The system administrator then provides the user HDP to the
system user.
Attention: If the user HDP has been forgotten, check whether a master HDP has
been set. If it has, it can be used for access to the hard disk drive. If no master
HDP is available, neither Lenovo nor Lenovo authorized service technicians
provide any services to reset either the user or the master HDP, or to recover data
from the hard disk drive. The hard disk drive can be replaced for a scheduled fee.
For how to remove the POP, see “How to remove the hard-disk password” on
page 59.
Supervisor password
A supervisor password (SVP) protects the system information stored in the BIOS
Setup Utility. The user must enter the SVP in order to get access to the BIOS Setup
Utility and change the system configuration.
Attention: If the SVP has been forgotten and cannot be made available to the
service technician, there is no service procedure to reset the password. The system
board must be replaced for a scheduled fee.
How to remove the power-on password
To remove a POP that you have forgotten, do the following:
(A) If no SVP has been set:
1. Turn off the computer.
2. Remove the battery pack.
For how to remove the battery pack, see “1010 Battery pack” on page 85.
3. Remove the backup battery.
For how to remove the backup battery, see “1060 Backup battery” on page 100.
4. Turn on the computer and wait until the POST ends.
After the POST ends, the password prompt does not appear. The POP has been
removed.
5. Reinstall the backup battery and the battery pack.
(B) If an SVP has been set and is known by the service technician:
1. Turn on the computer.
2. When the ThinkPad logo comes up, immediately press F1 to enter BIOS Setup
Utility.
For models supporting the Passphrase function, press F1 while the POP icon is
appearing on the screen; then enter the POP. For the other models, enter the
POP.
Note: To check whether the ThinkPad Notebook you are servicing supports the
Passphrase function, enter the BIOS Setup Utility and go to Security -->
Password.IftheUsing Passphrase item is displayed in the menu, this function
is available on the ThinkPad Notebook.
3. Select Security, using the cursor directional keys to move down the menu.
4. Select Password.
58 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 67 ---
5. Select Power-On Password.
6. Type the current SVP in the Enter Current Password field. then leave the Enter
New Password field blank, and press Enter twice.
7. In the Changes have been saved window, press Enter.
8. Press F10; then, in the Setup confirmation window, select Yes.
How to remove the hard-disk password
Attention: If User only mode is selected and the user HDP has been forgotten
and cannot be made available to the service technician, neither Lenovo nor Lenovo
authorized service technicians provide any services to reset the user HDPs or to
recover data from the hard disk drive. The hard disk drive can be replaced for a
scheduled fee.
To remove a user HDP that has been forgotten, when the SVP and the master HDP
are known, do the following:
1. Turn on the computer.
2. When the ThinkPad logo comes up, immediately press F1 to enter BIOS Setup
Utility.
For models supporting the Passphrase function, press F1 while HDP icon is
appearing on the screen; then enter the master HDP. For the other models,
enter the master HDP.
Note: To check whether the ThinkPad Notebook you are servicing supports the
Passphrase function, enter the BIOS Setup Utility and go to Security -->
Password.IfUsing Passphrase item is displayed in the menu, this function is
available on the ThinkPad Notebook.
3. Select Security, using the cursor directional keys to move down the menu.
4. Select Password.
5. Select Hard-disk x password, where x is the letter of the hard disk drive. A
pop-up window opens.
6. Select Master HDP.
7. Type the current master HDP in the Enter Current Password field. then leave
the Enter New Password field blank, and press Enter twice.
8. Press F10.
9. Select Yes in the Setup Configuration window.
Both user HDP and master HDP will have been removed.
Related service information 59

--- Page 68 ---
Power management
To reduce power consumption, the computer has three power management modes:
screen blank, sleep (standby in Windows XP), and hibernation.
Screen blank mode
If the time set on the “Turn off monitor” timer in the operating system expires, the
LCD backlight turns off.
To put the computer into screen blank mode, do as follows:
1. Press Fn+F3. A panel for selecting a power plan (in Windows XP, power
scheme) appears.
2. Select Power off display (keep current power plan) (in Windows XP, keep
current power scheme).
You can also put the computer into screen blank mode, press ThinkVantage button
and use the ThinkVantage Productivity Center.
Note: If the computer is a Windows 7 model, it does not support ThinkVantage
Productivity Center.
To end screen blank mode and resume normal operation, press any key.
Sleep (Standby) mode
When the computer enters sleep (standby) mode, the following events occur in
addition to what occurs in screen blank mode:
v The LCD is powered off.
v The hard disk drive or the solid state drive is powered off.
v The CPU stops.
To enter sleep (standby) mode, press Fn+F4.
Note: You can change the action of the Fn+F4 key combination by changing the
settings in Power Manager.
In certain circumstances, the computer goes into sleep (standby) mode
automatically:
v If a “suspend time” has been set on the timer, and the user does not do any
operation with the keyboard, the TrackPoint, the hard disk, the parallel
connector, or the diskette drive within that time.
v If the battery indicator blinks orange, indicating that the battery power is low.
Note: Even if you do not set the low-battery alarm, the charge indicator notifies
you when the battery is low, and then the computer enters the power-saving mode
automatically.
To cause the computer to return from sleep (standby) mode and resume operation,
do one of the following:
v Press the Fn key.
v Open the LCD cover.
v Turn on the power switch.
60 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 69 ---
Also, in either of the following events, the computer automatically returns from
sleep (standby) mode and resumes operation:
v The ring indicator (RI) is signaled by a serial device or a PC Card device.
v The time set on the resume timer elapses.
Note: The computer does not accept any input immediately after it enters sleep
(standby) mode. Wait a few seconds before taking any action to reenter
operation mode.
Hibernation mode
In hibernation mode, the following occurs:
v The system status, RAM, VRAM, and setup data are stored on the hard disk.
v The system is powered off.
To cause the computer to enter hibernation mode, do any of the following:
v Press the Fn+F12 keys.
v If you have defined one of the following actions as the event that causes the
system to go into hibernation mode, perform that action.
– Closing the lid.
– Pressing the power button.
– Pressing Fn+F4 keys.
Also, the computer goes into hibernation mode automatically in either of the
following conditions:
v If a “hibernation time” has been set on the timer, and if the user does not do
any operation with the keyboard, the TrackPoint, the hard disk drive, the
parallel connector, or the diskette drive within that time.
v If the timer conditions are satisfied in suspend mode.
When the power is turned on, the computer returns from hibernation mode and
resumes operation. The hibernation file in the boot record on the hard disk drive is
read, and system status is restored from the hard disk drive.
Related service information 61

--- Page 70 ---
Symptom-to-FRU index
This section contains following information:
v “Numeric error codes”
v “Error messages” on page 66
v “Beep symptoms” on page 67
v “No-beep symptoms” on page 67
v “LCD-related symptoms” on page 68
v “Intermittent problems” on page 69
v “Undetermined problems” on page 69
The symptom-to-FRU index in this section lists symptoms and errors and their
possible causes. The most likely cause is listed first, in boldface type.
Note: Do the FRU replacement or other actions in the sequence shown in the
column headed “FRU or action, in sequence.” If replacing a FRU does not solve
the problem, put the original part back in the computer. Do not replace a
nondefective FRU.
This index can also help you determine, during regular servicing, what FRUs are
likely to need to be replaced next.
A numeric error is displayed for each error detected in POST or system operation.
In the displays, n can be any number.
If no numeric code is displayed, check the narrative descriptions of symptoms. If
the symptom is not described there, go to “Intermittent problems” on page 69.
Numeric error codes
Table 2. Numeric error codes
Symptom or error FRU or action, in sequence
0175
Bad CRC1, stop POST task—The EEPROM
checksum is not correct.
System board.
0176
System Security—The system has been
tampered with.
1. Run BIOS Setup Utility, and save the
current setting by pressing F10.
2. System board.
0177
Bad SVP data, stop POST task—The
checksum of the supervisor password in the
EEPROM is not correct.
System board.
0182
Bad CRC2. Enter BIOS Setup and load Setup
defaults.—The checksum of the CRS2 setting
in the EEPROM is not correct.
1. Run BIOS Setup Utility. Press F9, and
Enter to load the default setting. Then
save the current setting by pressing F10.
2. System board.
0185
Bad startup sequence settings. Enter BIOS
Setup and load Setup defaults.
1. Run BIOS Setup Utility. Press F9, and
Enter to load the default setting. Then
save the current setting by pressing F10.
Note:
For a device not supported by diagnostic codes in the ThinkPad Notebooks, see
the manual for that device.
62 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 71 ---
Table 2. Numeric error codes (continued)
Symptom or error FRU or action, in sequence
0187
EAIA data access error—The access to
EEPROM is failed.
System board.
0188
Invalid RFID Serialization Information Area.
System board.
0189
Invalid RFID configuration information
area—The EEPROM checksum is not correct.
System board.
0190
Critical low-battery error
1. Charge the battery pack.
2. Battery pack.
0191
System Security—Invalid Remote Change
requested.
1. Run BIOS Setup Utility, and then save
current setting by pressing F10.
2. System board.
0192
System Security— Embedded Security
hardware tamper detected.
System board.
0199
System Security— Security password retry
count exceeded.
1. Run BIOS Setup Utility, and then save
the current setting by pressing F10.
2. System board.
01C8
Two or more modem devices are found.
Remove all but one of them. Press <Esc> to
continue.
1. Remove either a Mini-PCI Card or a
modem daughter card. Otherwise, press
Esc to ignore the warning message.
2. System board.
01C9
More than one Ethernet devices are found.
Remove one of them. Press <Esc> to
continue.
1. Remove the Ethernet device that you
installed; or press Esc to ignore the
warning message.
2. System board.
01CA
More than one Wireless LAN devices are
found. Remove one of them.
1. Remove the wireless LAN device that
you installed.
2. System board.
0200
Hard disk error—The hard disk is not
working.
1. Reseat the hard disk drive.
2. Load Setup Defaults in BIOS Setup
Utility.
3. Hard disk drive.
4. System board.
021x
Keyboard error.
Run interactive tests of the keyboard and
the auxiliary input device.
0220
Monitor type error—Monitor type does not
match the one specified in CMOS.
Load Setup Defaults in BIOS Setup Utility.
0230
Shadow RAM error—Shadow RAM fails at
offset nnnn.
System board.
0231
System RAM error—System RAM fails at
offset nnnn.
1. DIMM.
2. System board.
0232
Extended RAM error— Extended RAM fails
at offset nnnn.
1. DIMM.
2. System board.
Related service information 63

--- Page 72 ---
Table 2. Numeric error codes (continued)
Symptom or error FRU or action, in sequence
0250
System battery error—System battery is
dead.
1. Charge the backup battery for more
than 8 hours by connecting the ac
adapter.
2. Replace the backup battery and run BIOS
Setup Utility to reset the time and date.
0251
System CMOS checksum bad— Default
configuration used.
1. Charge the backup battery for more
than 8 hours by connecting the ac
adapter.
2. Replace the backup battery and run BIOS
Setup Utility to reset the time and date.
0252
Password checksum bad—The password is
cleared.
Reset the password by running BIOS Setup
Utility.
0260
System timer error.
1. Charge the backup battery for more
than 8 hours by connecting the ac
adapter.
2. Replace the backup battery and run BIOS
Setup Utility to reset the time and date.
3. System board.
0270
Real-time clock error.
1. Charge the backup battery for more
than 8 hours by connecting the ac
adapter.
2. Replace the backup battery and run BIOS
Setup Utility to reset the time and date.
3. System board.
0271
Date and time error—Neither the date nor
the time is set in the computer.
Run BIOS Setup Utility to reset the time
and date.
0280
Previous boot incomplete— Default
configuration used.
1. Load “Setup Default” in BIOS Setup
Utility.
2. DIMM.
3. System board.
02F0
CPU ID:xx Failed.
1. CPU.
2. System board.
02F4
EISA CMOS not writable.
1. Load Setup Defaults in BIOS Setup
Utility.
2. Replace the backup battery.
3. System board.
02F5
DMA test failed.
1. DIMM.
2. System board.
02F6
Software NMI failed
1. DIMM.
2. System board.
02F7
Fail-safe timer NMI failed
1. DIMM.
2. System board.
1802
Unauthorized network card is plugged
in—Turn off and remove the miniPCI
network card.
1. Remove Mini PCI network card.
2. System board.
1803
Unauthorized daughter card is plugged
in—Turn off and remove the daughter card.
1. Remove the daughter card that you
installed.
2. System board.
64 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 73 ---
Table 2. Numeric error codes (continued)
Symptom or error FRU or action, in sequence
1804
Unauthorized WAN card is plugged
in—Power off and remove the WAN card.
1. Remove the WAN card that you
installed.
2. System board.
1805
Unauthorized Wireless USB card is plugged
in—Power off and remove the Wireless USB
card.
1. Remove the Wireless USB card that you
installed.
2. System board.
1820
More than one external fingerprint reader is
attached. Power off and remove all but the
reader that you set up within your main
operating system.
Remove all but the reader that you set up
for the authentication.
1830
Invalid memory configuration—Power off
and install a memory module to Slot-0 or
the lower slot.
Install DIMM in Slot-0, but not in Slot-1.
Note: For the construction of the DIMM
slot, see “1030 DIMM” on page 91.
2000
Hard Drive Active Protection sensor
diagnostics failed.Press <Esc> to
continue.Press <F1> to enter SETUP
1. Place the ThinkPad Notebook on a
horizontal surface. Do not apply any
physical shock to the computer.
2. Run Diagnostics --> ThinkPad Devices
--> HDD Active Protection Test.
2010
Warning: Your internal hard disk drive
(HDD) may not function correctly on this
system. Ensure that your HDD is supported
on this system and that the latest HDD
firmware is installed.
Inform the following information to the
customer: If in the primary bay the customer
is using a non-IBM or non-Lenovo hard disk
drive (HDD), or an old generation IBM
HDD which is not supported by this system,
with the risk in mind, the customer can still
use it by pressing ESC. If in the primary
drive bay the customer is using a supported
IBM/Lenovo HDD with an old firmware,
the customer needs to update its firmware to
the latest. The latest version is available at
http://www.lenovo.com/support
2100
Initialization error on HDD0 (Main hard
disk drive)
1. Reseat the hard disk drive.
2. Main hard disk drive.
3. System board.
2102
Initialization error on HDD1 (Ultrabay hard
disk drive)
1. Reseat the hard disk drive.
2. Ultrabay
™
hard disk drive.
3. System board.
2110
Read error on HDD0 (Main hard disk drive)
1. Reseat the hard disk drive.
2. Main hard disk drive.
3. System board.
2112
Read error on HDD1 (Ultrabay hard disk
drive)
1. Reseat the hard disk drive.
2. Ultrabay hard disk drive.
3. System board.
Related service information 65

--- Page 74 ---
Error messages
Table 3. Error messages
Symptom or error FRU or action, in sequence
Device address conflict. 1. Load “Setup Defaults” in the BIOS
Setup Utility.
2. Backup battery.
3. System board.
Allocation error for device. 1. Load “Setup Defaults” in the BIOS
Setup Utility.
2. Backup battery.
3. System board.
Failing bits: nnnn. 1. DIMM.
2. System board.
Invalid system configuration data. 1. DIMM.
2. System board.
I/O device IRQ conflict. 1. Load “Setup Defaults” in the BIOS
Setup Utility.
2. Backup battery.
3. System board.
Hibernation error. 1. Restore the system configuration to
what it was before the computer
entered hibernation mode.
2. If memory size has been changed,
re-create the hibernation file.
Fan error. 1. Fan.
2. Thermal grease.
3. System board.
Thermal sensing error. System board.
Cannot boot from any device. Check the status of device which you want
to boot from.
Device not found.
1. The device you want to boot from.
2. System board.
Device Error.
1. The device you want to boot from.
2. System board.
No valid operating system.
1. Check that the operating system has no
failure and is installed correctly.
2. Reinstall the operation system.
Excluded from boot order.
v Enter the BIOS Setup Utility and add the
device in boot order.
66 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 75 ---
Beep symptoms
Table 4. Beep symptoms
Symptom or error FRU or action, in sequence
One beep and a blank, unreadable, or
flashing LCD.
1. Reseat the LCD connector.
2. LCD assembly.
3. External CRT.
4. System board.
One long and two short beeps, and a blank
or unreadable LCD.
1. System board.
2. LCD assembly.
3. DIMM.
Two short beeps with error codes. POST error. See “Numeric error codes” on
page 62.
Two short beeps and a blank screen. 1. System board.
2. DIMM.
Three short beeps, pause, three more short
beeps, and one short beep.
1. DIMM.
2. System board
One short beep, pause, three short beeps,
pause, three more short beeps, and one short
beep.
Only the cursor appears. Reinstall the operating system.
Four cycles of four short beeps and a blank
screen.
System board (security chip)
Five short beeps and a blank screen. System board
No-beep symptoms
Table 5. No-beep symptoms
Symptom or error FRU or action, in sequence
No beep, power-on indicator on, LCD blank,
and no POST.
1. Make sure that every connector is
connected tightly and correctly.
2. DIMM.
3. System board.
No beep, power-on indicator on, and LCD
blank during POST.
1. Reseat DIMM.
2. System board.
The power-on password prompt appears. A power-on password or a supervisor
password is set. Type the password and
press Enter.
The hard-disk password prompt appears. A hard-disk password is set. Type the
password and press Enter.
Related service information 67

--- Page 76 ---
LCD-related symptoms
Table 6. LCD-related symptoms
Symptom or error FRU or action, in sequence
No beep, power-on indicator on, and a
blank LCD during POST.
System board.
v LCD backlight not working.
v LCD too dark.
v LCD brightness cannot be adjusted.
v LCD contrast cannot be adjusted.
1. Reseat the LCD connectors.
2. LCD assembly.
3. System board.
v LCD screen unreadable.
v Characters missing pixels.
v Screen abnormal.
v Wrong color displayed.
1. See important note for “LCD-related
symptoms.”
2. Reseat all LCD connectors.
3. LCD assembly.
4. System board.
Horizontal or vertical lines displayed on
LCD.
LCD assembly.
Important: The TFT LCD for the notebook computer contains many thin-film
transistors (TFTs). The presence of a small number of dots that are missing,
discolored, or always lighted is characteristic of TFT LCD technology, but
excessive pixel problems can cause viewing concerns.
If the LCD you are servicing has two or less visible defective pixels, it should not
be considered faulty. However, if the LCD has three or more visible defective
pixels, it will be deemed as defective by Lenovo and it should be replaced.
Notes:
v This policy applies to all ThinkPad Notebooks purchased on 1 January,
2008 or later.
v Lenovo will not provide replacement if the LCD is within specification as
we cannot guarantee that any replacement LCD will have zero pixel defects.
v One pixel consists of R, G, B sub-pixels.
68 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 77 ---
Intermittent problems
Intermittent system hang problems can be due to a variety of causes that have
nothing to do with a hardware defect, such as cosmic radiation, electrostatic
discharge, or software errors. FRU replacement should be considered only when a
problem recurs.
When analyzing an intermittent problem, do the following:
1. Run the diagnostic test for the system board in loop mode at least 10 times.
2. If no error is detected, do not replace any FRUs.
3. If any error is detected, replace the FRU shown by the FRU code. Rerun the
test to verify that no more errors exist.
Undetermined problems
If the diagnostic tests did not identify the adapter or device that has failed, if
wrong devices are installed, or if the system simply is not operating, follow these
procedures to isolate the failing FRU (do not isolate FRUs that have no defects).
Verify that all attached devices are supported by the computer.
Verify that the power supply being used at the time of the failure is operating
correctly. (See “Power system checkout” on page 52.)
1. Turn off the computer.
2. Visually check each FRU for damage. Replace any damaged FRU.
3. Remove or disconnect all of the following devices:
a. Non-ThinkPad devices
b. Printer, mouse, and other external devices
c. Battery pack
d. Hard disk drive
e. External diskette drive or optical drive
f. DIMM
g. Optical disk or diskette in the internal drive
h. PC Cards
4. Turn on the computer.
5. Determine whether the problem has been solved.
6. If the problem does not recur, reconnect the removed devices one at a time
until you find the failing FRU.
7. If the problem remains, replace the following FRUs one at a time (do not
replace a nondefective FRU):
a. System board
b. LCD assembly
Related service information 69

--- Page 78 ---
70 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 79 ---
Status indicators
This chapter presents the system status indicators that show the status of the
computer.
12345678
9
10
11
1 2 3
Table 7. Status indicators
Indicator Meaning
1 Sleep (standby)
status
Green: The computer is in sleep (standby) mode.
Blinking green:
The computer is entering sleep (standby) mode or
hibernation mode, or is resuming normal operation.
© Copyright Lenovo 2008, 2010 71

--- Page 80 ---
Table 7. Status indicators (continued)
Indicator Meaning
2 AC power
status
Green: The computer is connected to the ac power supply.
3 Battery status
Green: The battery is charged between 80% to 100% of the
capacity, and being discharged between 0% to 80% of
the capacity.
Blinking green:
The battery is charged between 20% to 80% of the
capacity, and being charged.
Orange:
The battery is charged between 5% and 20% of the
capacity, and being discharged.
Blinking orange (slow):
The battery is charged between 5% to 20% of the
capacity, and being charged.
Blinking orange (rapid):
The battery is charged between 0% to 5% of the capacity.
4 Power on
Green: The computer is on and ready to use. This indicator
stays lit whenever the computer is on and is not in sleep
(standby) mode.
5 Drive in use Green: Data is being read from or written to the hard disk
drive, the diskette drive, or the drive in the Serial
Ultrabay Slim device. When this indicator is on, do not
put the computer into sleep (standby) mode or turn off
the computer.
Note: Do not move the system while the green drive-in-use light
is on. Sudden physical shock could cause drive errors.
6 Caps lock
Green: Caps Lock mode is enabled. To enable or disable Caps
Lock mode, press the Caps Lock key.
7 Num lock
Green: The numeric keypad on the keyboard is enabled. To
enable or disable the keypad, press and hold the Shift
key, and press the NumLk (ScrLk) key.
8 Wireless WAN
status
Green: The wireless WAN is on, and the radio link is ready for
use, or the data is being transmitted.
Blinking green:
Data is being transmitted (for some models).
9 Wireless PAN
status
R
or
Green: Wireless PAN (Bluetooth wireless or Wireless USB) is
operational. This indicator is on when Wireless PAN is
on and not in suspend mode, or the data is being
transmitted.
Blinking green:
Data is being transmitted (for some models).
10 Wireless LAN
status
Green: The wireless LAN feature is on, and the radio link is
ready for use, or the data is being transmitted.
Blinking green:
Data is being transmitted (for some models).
72 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 81 ---
Table 7. Status indicators (continued)
Indicator Meaning
11 Fingerprint
reader status
only for X201,
X201i and X201s
Green: The fingerprint reader is ready to swipe.
Blinking green:
The fingerprint is being authenticated or has been
authenticated.
Blinking amber:
The fingerprint could not be authenticated.
Status indicators 73

--- Page 82 ---
74 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 83 ---
Fn key combinations
The following table shows the function of each combination of Fn with a function
key.
Table 8. Fn key combinations
Key combination Description
Fn+F1 Reserved.
Fn+F2 Lock the computer.
Fn+F3 Select a power plan (in Windows XP, power scheme) that has been
created by Power Manager, or adjust the power level by using the
slider control. When you press this combination, a panel for selecting a
power plan (power scheme) appears.
Notes:
1. To use the Fn+F3 key combination, you must have the ThinkPad
PM device driver installed on the computer.
2. If you have logged on with an administrator user ID, and you press
Fn+F3, the panel for selecting a power plan (power scheme)
appears. If you have logged on with another user ID, and you press
Fn+F3, the panel does not appear.
3. You cannot turn off the computer display by pressing Fn+F3.
Fn+F4 Put the computer in sleep (standby) mode. To return to normal
operation, press the Fn key only, without pressing a function key.
Notes:
1. To use the Fn+F4 key combination, you must have the ThinkPad
PM device driver installed on the computer.
2. If you want to use the combination to put the computer into
hibernation mode or do-nothing mode (in Windows XP, shut the
computer down or show the panel for turning off the computer),
change the settings in the Power Manager.
Fn+F5 Enable or disable the built-in wireless networking features and the
Bluetooth features. If you press Fn+F5, a list of wireless features is
displayed. You can quickly change the power state of each feature in
the list.
Note: If you want to use Fn+F5 to enable the wireless feature, the
following device drivers must be installed on the computer beforehand:
v ThinkPad Power Management driver
v OnScreen Display Utility
v Wireless device drivers
Fn+F6 Change the camera and audio settings.
© Copyright Lenovo 2008, 2010 75

--- Page 84 ---
Table 8. Fn key combinations (continued)
Key combination Description
Fn+F7 Apply a presentation scheme directly, with no need to start
Presentation Director.
To disable this function and use the Fn+F7 key combination for
switching a display output location, start Presentation Director, and
change the settings.
Note: If the computer is a Windows 7 model, it does not support
presentation schemes, but the Fn+F7 combination is available for
switching a display output location.
For Windows 7:
Switch a display output location
v Computer display only (LCD)
v Computer display and external monitor (same image)
v Computer display and external monitor (extended desktop)
v External monitor only
Note: To switch between the computer display and an external
monitor, the Win+P key combination is also available.
For Windows Vista and Windows XP:
Switch a display output location
v External monitor
v Computer display (LCD) and external monitor
v Computer display (LCD)
Notes:
1. This function is not supported if different desktop images are
displayed on the computer display and the external monitor (the
Extend desktop function).
2. This function does not work while a DVD movie or a video clip is
playing.
To enable this function, start Presentation Director, and change the
Fn+F7 settings.
Note: Multiple users can log on to a single operating system by using
different user IDs. Each user needs to change the settings.
Fn+F8 Change the settings of the input device.
Fn+F9 Open the ThinkPad EasyEject Utility screen. Buttons for the following
choices are displayed:
v Eject ThinkPad PC from UltraBase: This button is displayed only if
the ThinkPad computer has been attached to a ThinkPad X200
UltraBase. The computer can be detached from the ThinkPad X200
UltraBase.
v Run EasyEject Actions: This button is used to select, stop, or remove
external devices connected to the ThinkPad computer.
v Configure EasyEject Actions: Opens the ThinkPad EasyEject Utility
main window.
v Fn+F9 Settings: Configures the settings for the Fn+F9 function.
Note: If the computer is a Windows 7 model, it does not support the
EasyEject Utility function.
Fn+F10 Reserved.
Fn+F11 Reserved.
76 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 85 ---
Table 8. Fn key combinations (continued)
Key combination Description
Fn+F12 Put the computer into hibernation mode. To return to normal operation,
press the power button for less than four seconds.
Note: To use Fn+F12 for hibernation, you must have the ThinkPad PM
device driver installed on the computer.
Fn+PgUp Turn the ThinkLight
®
on or off.
Note: This function is supported only on the ThinkPad computers that
have the ThinkLight. The on or off status of the ThinkLight is shown
on the screen for a few seconds when you press Fn+PgUp.
Fn+Home The computer display becomes brighter.
Fn+End The computer display becomes dimmer.
Fn+Spacebar Enable the FullScreen Magnifier function.
Fn+PrtSc Has the same function as the SysRq key.
Fn+ScrLk Enable or disable the numeric keypad.
Fn+Pause Has the same function as the Break key.
Fn+cursor keys These key combinations work with Windows Media Player. Fn+down
arrow key works for the Play or Pause button, Fn+up arrow key for the
Stop button, Fn+right arrow key for the Next Track button, and Fn+left
arrow key for the Previous Track button.
Fn key combinations 77

--- Page 86 ---
78 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 87 ---
FRU replacement notices
This chapter presents notices related to removing and replacing parts. Read this
chapter carefully before replacing any FRU.
Screw notices
Loose screws can cause a reliability problem. In the ThinkPad Notebook, this
problem is addressed with special nylon-coated screws that have the following
characteristics:
v They maintain tight connections.
v They do not easily come loose, even with shock or vibration.
v They are harder to tighten.
v Each one should be used only once.
Do the following when you service this machine:
v Keep the screw kit (for the P/N, see “Miscellaneous parts” on page 287) in your
tool bag.
v Always use new screws.
v Use a torque screwdriver if you have one.
Tighten screws as follows:
v Plastic to plastic
Turn an additional 90 degrees after the screw head touches the surface of the
plastic part:
90 degrees more
(Cross-section)
v Logic card to plastic
Turn an additional 180 degrees after the screw head touches the surface of the
logic card:
180 degrees more
(Cross-section)
v Torque driver
If you have a torque driver, refer to the “Torque” column for each step.
v Make sure that you use the correct screw. If you have a torque screwdriver,
tighten all screws firmly to the torque shown in the table. Never use a screw
that you removed. Use a new one. Make sure that all of the screws are
tightened firmly.
v Ensure torque screw drivers are calibrated correctly following country
specifications.
© Copyright Lenovo 2008, 2010 79

--- Page 88 ---
Retaining serial numbers
This section includes the following descriptions:
v “Restoring the serial number of the system unit”
v “Retaining the UUID”
v “Reading or writing the ECA information” on page 81
Restoring the serial number of the system unit
When the computer was manufactured, the EEPROM on the system board was
loaded with the serial numbers of the system and all major components. These
numbers need to remain the same throughout the life of the computer.
If you replace the system board, you must restore the serial number of the system
unit to its original value.
Before replacing the system board, save the original serial number by doing the
following:
1. Install the ThinkPad Hardware Maintenance Diskette Version 1.73 or later, and
restart the computer.
2. From the main menu, select 1. Set System Identification.
3. Select 2. Read S/N data from EEPROM.
The serial number of each device in your computer is displayed; the serial number
of the system unit is listed as follows:
v 20: Serial number
Write down that number.
Note: The serial number of the system unit is also written on the label attached to
the bottom of the computer.
After you have replaced the system board, restore the serial number by doing the
following:
1. Install the ThinkPad Hardware Maintenance Diskette Version 1.73 or later and
restart the computer.
2. From the main menu, select 1. Set System Identification.
3. Select 1. Add S/N data from EEPROM.
Follow the instructions on the screen.
If the MTM and Product ID numbers differ from each other on the rear label, use
what is shown for the Product ID field. See example below:
MTM on rear label:
TTTT-CTO S/N SSSSSSS
Product ID on rear label:
TTTT-MMM (Use this number when setting Serial Number)
In the example, the Serial Number to be input is ’1STTTTMMMSSSSSSS’.
Retaining the UUID
The Universally Unique Identifier (UUID) is a 128-bit number uniquely assigned to
your computer at production and stored in the EEPROM of your system board.
80 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 89 ---
The algorithm that generates the number is designed to provide unique IDs until
the year A.D. 3400. No two computers in the world have the same number.
When you replace the system board, you must set the UUID on the new system
board as follows:
1. Install the ThinkPad Hardware Maintenance Diskette Version 1.73 or later, and
restart the computer.
2. From the main menu, select 4. Assign UUID.
A new UUID is created and written. If a valid UUID already exists, it is not
overwritten.
Reading or writing the ECA information
Information on Engineering Change Announcements (ECA) are stored in the
EEPROM of the system board. The electronic storage of this information simplifies
the procedure to check if the ECA has been previously applied to a machine. The
machine does not need to be disassembled to check for the ECA application.
To check what ECAs have been previously applied to the machine, use the ECA
Information Read/Write function on the ThinkPad Hardware Maintenance Diskette
Version 1.73 or later.
1. Insert the ThinkPad Hardware Maintenance Diskette Version 1.73 or later, and
restart the computer.
2. From the main menu, select 6. Set ECA Information.
3. To read ECA information, select 2. Read ECA/rework number from EEPROM
and follow the instruction.
4. To read box build date, select 5. Read box build date from EEPROM, and
follow the instruction on the screen.
After an ECA has been applied to the machine, the EEPROM must be updated to
reflect the ECA’s application. Use the ThinkPad Hardware Maintenance Diskette
Version 1.73 or later to update the EEPROM.
Note: Only the ECA number is stored in the EEPROM. The machine type of the
ECA is assumed be the same as the machine type of the machine that had the ECA
applied to it.
1. Insert the ThinkPad Hardware Maintenance Diskette Version 1.73 or later, and
restart the computer.
2. From the main menu, select 6. Set ECA Information.
3. To write ECA information, select 1. Write ECA/rework number from EEPROM,
and follow the instruction.
4. To write box build date, select 4. Write box build date from EEPROM, and
follow the instruction on the screen.
If the system board is being replaced, try to read the ECA information from the old
system board and transfer the information to the new system. If the system board
is inoperable, this will not be possible.
FRU replacement notices 81

--- Page 90 ---
82 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 91 ---
Removing and replacing a FRU
This chapter presents directions and drawings for use in removing and replacing a
FRU. Be sure to observe the following general rules:
1. Do not try to service any computer unless you have been trained and certified.
An untrained person runs the risk of damaging parts.
2. Before replacing any FRU, review “FRU replacement notices” on page 79.
3. Begin by removing any FRUs that have to be removed before the failing FRU.
Any such FRUs are listed at the top of the page. Remove them in the order in
which they are listed.
4. Follow the correct sequence in the steps for removing the FRU, as given in the
drawings by the numbers in square callouts.
5. When turning a screw to replace a FRU, turn it in the direction as given by the
arrow in the drawing.
6. When removing the FRU, move it in the direction as given by the arrow in the
drawing.
7. To put the new FRU in place, reverse the removal procedure and follow any
notes that pertain to replacement. For information about connecting and
arranging internal cables, see “Locations” on page 161.
8. When replacing a FRU, use the correct screw as shown in the procedures.
DANGER
Before removing any FRU, turn off the computer, unplug all power cords
from electrical outlets, remove the battery pack, and then disconnect any
interconnecting cables.
Attention: After replacing a FRU, do not turn on the computer until you have
made sure that all screws, springs, and other small parts are in place and none are
loose inside the computer. Verify this by shaking the computer gently and listening
for rattling sounds. Metallic parts or metal flakes can cause electrical short circuits.
Attention: The system board is sensitive to, and can be damaged by, electrostatic
discharge. Before touching it, establish personal grounding by touching a ground
point with one hand or by using an electrostatic discharge (ESD) strap (P/N
6405959).
© Copyright Lenovo 2008, 2010 83

--- Page 92 ---
Before servicing ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and
X201s
Removing the SIM card:
Some models of the ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s you are
servicing might have the SIM card that the customer has been installed.
If the computer you are servicing has the SIM card, remove it before you start the
servicing.
To remove the SIM card, you need to remove the battery pack first. (See “1010
Battery pack” on page 85.)
After you finish the servicing, make sure that you insert the card back into the slot
firmly.
Notice on disconnecting the cable from flip-lock ZIF connector:
Some cables used in the ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s are
connected to the flip-lock ZIF connectors.
When disconnecting the cable from those connectors, do as shown in this figure.
1
2
84 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 93 ---
1010 Battery pack
Important notice for replacing a battery pack:
Lenovo ThinkVantage Toolbox (in Windows 7) and Lenovo System Toolbox (in
Windows Vista and Windows XP) have an automatic battery diagnostic that
determines if the battery pack is defective. A battery pack FRU should not be
replaced unless this diagnostic shows that the battery is defective.
The only exception to this is if the battery pack is physically damaged or a
customer is reporting a possible safety issue.
If ThinkVantage Toolbox or Lenovo System Toolbox is not installed in the
computer, the customer should download this program before a non-physically
damaged battery pack is replaced. Note that a physically damaged battery pack
is non-warranty replacement.
Removing and replacing a FRU 85

--- Page 94 ---
Table 9. Removal steps of battery pack
DANGER
Use only the battery specified in the parts list for your computer. Any other
battery could ignite or explode.
Unlock the battery release lever 1. Holding the battery release lever in the
unlocked position 2, remove the battery pack in the direction shown by arrow
3.
1 2
3
When installing: Install the battery pack along the slide rails of the slot. Then
make sure that the battery release lever is in the locked position.
86 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 95 ---
1020 Hard disk drive (HDD) cover, HDD, and HDD rubber rails or solid
state drive (SSD) and storage converter
For access, remove this FRU:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 85
Table 10. Removal steps of HDD cover, HDD, and HDD drive rubber rails or SSD and
storage converter
1
2
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
1 Hard disk drive screw, M3 × 3 mm,
wafer-head, nylon-coated (1)
Black 0.392 Nm
(4 kgfcm)
Attention:
v Do not drop the hard disk drive or apply any physical shock to it. The hard
disk drive is sensitive to physical shock. Improper handling can cause damage
and permanent loss of data.
v Before removing the drive, have the user make a backup copy of all the
information on it if possible.
v Never remove the drive while the system is operating or is in suspend mode.
Removing and replacing a FRU 87

--- Page 96 ---
Table 10. Removal steps of HDD cover, HDD, and HDD drive rubber rails or SSD and
storage converter (continued)
3
4
When installing: Make sure that the HDD connector or SSD connector is
attached firmly.
88 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 97 ---
Table 10. Removal steps of HDD cover, HDD, and HDD drive rubber rails or SSD and
storage converter (continued)
HDD and HDD rubber rails:
5
5
When installing: The rubber rails on the hard disk drive must be attached to
the replacement drive. Otherwise the drive cannot be installed properly.
SSD and storage converter:
5
Removing and replacing a FRU 89

--- Page 98 ---
Table 10. Removal steps of HDD cover, HDD, and HDD drive rubber rails or SSD and
storage converter (continued)
When installing: When you install the SSD in the storage converter, do as
follows.
1
90 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 99 ---
1030 DIMM
For access, remove this FRU in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 85
Table 11. Removal steps of dimm
Remove the DIMM slot cover as shown in this figure.
Note: Loosen the screws 1, but do not remove them.
1
1
2
Removing and replacing a FRU 91

--- Page 100 ---
Table 11. Removal steps of dimm (continued)
Note: For ThinkPad X200, X200s, and X200si, if only one DIMM is used on the
computer you are servicing, the card must be installed in SLOT-0 (a), but not
in SLOT-1 (b).
For ThinkPad X200, X200s, and X200si:
a b
92 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 101 ---
Table 11. Removal steps of dimm (continued)
For ThinkPad X201, X201i, and X201s:
When installing: Insert the notched end of the DIMM into the socket. Press the
DIMM firmly, and pivot it until it snaps into the place. Make sure that it is
firmly fixed in the slot and does not move easily.
Removing and replacing a FRU 93

--- Page 102 ---
1040 Keyboard
For access, remove this FRU in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 85
Table 12. Removal steps of keyboard
1
1
1
1
Step Icon Screw (quantity) Color Torque
1
M2 × 5 mm, wafer-head,
nylon-coated (4)
Black 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
2
3
3
3
94 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 103 ---
Table 12. Removal steps of keyboard (continued)
Lift the keyboard a little in the direction shown by arrow 4, and then detach
the connector 5.
4
5
Removing and replacing a FRU 95

--- Page 104 ---
Table 12. Removal steps of keyboard (continued)
When installing:
1. Attach the keyboard connector firmly.
2. Make sure that the keyboard edges are under the frame as shown in this
figure. Then press the keys to latch the keyboard firmly in place.
3. To make sure that the front side of the keyboard is housed firmly, gently press
the keys with your thumbs and try to slide the keyboard toward you.
4. Secure the keyboard by tightening the screws from the bottom side of the
computer.
96 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 105 ---
1050 Palm rest or palm rest with fingerprint reader
For access, remove this FRU in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 85
v “1040 Keyboard” on page 94
Table 13. Removal steps of palm rest
1
1
1
1
1
Step Icon Screw (quantity) Color Torque
1
M2 × 5 mm, wafer-head,
nylon-coated (5)
Black 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
Note:
In models with the fingerprint reader, the sensor is attached to the palm rest
FRU. If the fingerprint reader has any defects, you can replace it by the
procedures given in this section, which are the same for a palm rest with or
without a fingerprint reader.
Removing and replacing a FRU 97

--- Page 106 ---
Table 13. Removal steps of palm rest (continued)
Note: Step 2 is only for models with the fingerprint reader. For models
without the fingerprint reader, skip step 2.
2
3
4
4
4
3
98 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 107 ---
Table 13. Removal steps of palm rest (continued)
When installing:
1. In models with the fingerprint reader, attach the fingerprint reader connector
firmly to the system board.
2. Press the left and right top edges of the palm rest to fit it into place.
3. Push the front side of the palm rest until it clicks into place.
1
2
2
1
4. Close the LCD cover and turn the computer over. Then fasten the five screws
to secure the palm rest.
Removing and replacing a FRU 99

--- Page 108 ---
1060 Backup battery
DANGER
Use only the battery specified in the parts list for your computer. Any other
battery could ignite or explode.
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 85
v “1040 Keyboard” on page 94
v “1050 Palm rest or palm rest with fingerprint reader” on page 97
Table 14. Removal steps of backup battery
1
100 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 109 ---
Table 14. Removal steps of backup battery (continued)
3
2
When installing: Make sure that the battery connector is attached firmly.
Removing and replacing a FRU 101

--- Page 110 ---
1070 PCI Express Mini Card for wireless LAN/WiMAX
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 85
v “1040 Keyboard” on page 94
v “1050 Palm rest or palm rest with fingerprint reader” on page 97
Table 15. Removal steps of PCI Express Mini Card for wireless LAN/WiMAX
Full size PCI Express Mini Card:
In step 1, unplug the jacks by using the removal tool antenna RF connector
(P/N: 08K7159) or pick the connectors with your fingers and gently unplug
them in direction of the arrow.
Note: Some models might have two antenna cables in step 1.
1
2
2
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
2 M2 × 3 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (2) Black 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
102 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 111 ---
Table 15. Removal steps of PCI Express Mini Card for wireless LAN/WiMAX (continued)
3
When installing:
v In models with wireless LAN card that has two antenna connectors, plug the
gray cable into the jack labeled MAIN or M on the card, and the black cable
into the jack labeled AUX or A. If the computer you are servicing has three
cables, put the white cable in the cable protection tube.
v In models with wireless LAN card that has three antenna connector, plug the
gray cable (MAIN) into the jack labeled TR1, the white cable (3rd) into jack
labeled RO or TR3, and the black cable (AUX) into jack labeled TR2 on the
card.
Removing and replacing a FRU 103

--- Page 112 ---
Table 15. Removal steps of PCI Express Mini Card for wireless LAN/WiMAX (continued)
Harf size PCI Express Mini Card:
In step 1, unplug the jacks by using the removal tool antenna RF connector
(P/N: 08K7159) or pick the connectors with your fingers and gently unplug
them in direction of the arrow.
2
1
2
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
2 M2 × 3 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (2) Black 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
3
When installing: Plug the gray cable into the jack labeled MAIN on the card,
and the black cable into the jack labeled AUX.
104 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 113 ---
1080 PCI Express Mini Card for wireless WAN
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 85
v “1040 Keyboard” on page 94
v “1050 Palm rest or palm rest with fingerprint reader” on page 97
Table 16. Removal steps of PCI Express Mini Card for wireless WAN
In step 1, unplug the jacks by using the removal tool antenna RF connector
(P/N: 08K7159) or pick the connectors with your fingers and gently unplug
them in direction of the arrow.
2
1
2
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
3 M2 × 3 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (2) Black 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
Removing and replacing a FRU 105

--- Page 114 ---
Table 16. Removal steps of PCI Express Mini Card for wireless WAN (continued)
3
When installing: Plug the red cable into the jack labeled MAIN on the card,
and the blue cable into the jack labeled AUX.
106 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 115 ---
1090 Intel Turbo Memory Minicard or Wireless USB PCI Express
Half-Mini Card
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 85
v “1040 Keyboard” on page 94
v “1050 Palm rest or palm rest with fingerprint reader” on page 97
Table 17. Removal steps of Intel Turbo Memory Minicard or Wireless USB PCI Express
Half-Mini Card
Note: Step 1 is only for models with the Wireless USB PCI Express Half-Mini
Card. For models with the Intel
®
Turbo Memory Minicard, skip step 1.
In step 1, unplug the jacks by using the removal tool antenna RF connector
(P/N: 08K7159) or pick the connectors with your fingers and gently unplug
them in direction of the arrow.
1
2
2
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
2 M2 × 3 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (2) Black 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
Removing and replacing a FRU 107

--- Page 116 ---
Table 17. Removal steps of Intel Turbo Memory Minicard or Wireless USB PCI Express
Half-Mini Card (continued)
3
When installing: In models with the Wireless USB PCI Express Half-Mini Card,
plug the yellow cable into the jack on the card.
108 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 117 ---
1100 Keyboard bezel
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 85
v “1040 Keyboard” on page 94
v “1050 Palm rest or palm rest with fingerprint reader” on page 97
Table 18. Removal steps of keyboard bezel
1
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
1 M2 × 5 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (1) Black 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
In step 2, detach the claws. Then remove the keyboard bezel in the direction
shown by arrow 3.
Attention: When you service the keyboard bezel, avoid any kind of rough
handling.
2
2
2
2
3
3
When installing: Make sure that all the claws are attached firmly.
Removing and replacing a FRU 109

--- Page 118 ---
1110 Monaural speaker assembly (for X200, X200s, X201s, and X201si)
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 85
v “1040 Keyboard” on page 94
v “1050 Palm rest or palm rest with fingerprint reader” on page 97
Table 19. Removal steps of monaural speaker assembly (for X200, X200s, X201s, and
X201si)
1
2
When installing: Make sure that the speaker connector is attached firmly.
110 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 119 ---
1120 I/O card assembly
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 85
v “1040 Keyboard” on page 94
v “1050 Palm rest or palm rest with fingerprint reader” on page 97
v “1110 Monaural speaker assembly (for X200, X200s, X201s, and X201si)” on page
110
Table 20. Removal steps of I/O card assembly
1
2
Removing and replacing a FRU 111

--- Page 120 ---
Table 20. Removal steps of I/O card assembly (continued)
Note: The cable is secured with a double-faced adhesive tape.
3
4
Note: Step a is only for ThinkPad X201. For the other models, skip the step
a.
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
2 M2 × 3.5 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (1) Silver 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
112 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 121 ---
Table 20. Removal steps of I/O card assembly (continued)
Turn the I/O card over, and then disconnect the cable from the flip-lock ZIF
connector.
5
6
Removing and replacing a FRU 113

--- Page 122 ---
1130 LCD assembly
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 85
v “1040 Keyboard” on page 94
v “1050 Palm rest or palm rest with fingerprint reader” on page 97
v “1070 PCI Express Mini Card for wireless LAN/WiMAX” on page 102
v “1080 PCI Express Mini Card for wireless WAN” on page 105
v “1090 Intel Turbo Memory Minicard or Wireless USB PCI Express Half-Mini
Card” on page 107
v “1100 Keyboard bezel” on page 109
Table 21. Removal steps of LCD assembly
1
1
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
1 M2 × 5 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (2) Black 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
114 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 123 ---
Table 21. Removal steps of LCD assembly (continued)
2
2
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
2 M2 × 5 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (2) Black 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
Before step 3, strip off the tapes securing the antenna cables, and release the
cables from the cable guides of the frame.
3
4
3
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
3 M2 × 5 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (2) Black 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
Removing and replacing a FRU 115

--- Page 124 ---
Table 21. Removal steps of LCD assembly (continued)
5
5
116 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 125 ---
Table 21. Removal steps of LCD assembly (continued)
When installing:
1. Route the antenna cables along the cable guides and secure them with the
tapes. As you route the cables, make sure that they are not subjected to any
tension. Tension could cause the cables to be damaged by the cable guides,
or a wire to be broken.
2. Make sure that the LCD connector is attached firmly.
Removing and replacing a FRU 117

--- Page 126 ---
1140 Base cover assembly and stereo speaker assembly for X201 and
X201i
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 85
v “1020 Hard disk drive (HDD) cover, HDD, and HDD rubber rails or solid state
drive (SSD) and storage converter” on page 87
v “1030 DIMM” on page 91
v “1040 Keyboard” on page 94
v “1050 Palm rest or palm rest with fingerprint reader” on page 97
v “1060 Backup battery” on page 100
v “1070 PCI Express Mini Card for wireless LAN/WiMAX” on page 102
v “1080 PCI Express Mini Card for wireless WAN” on page 105
v “1090 Intel Turbo Memory Minicard or Wireless USB PCI Express Half-Mini
Card” on page 107
v “1100 Keyboard bezel” on page 109
v “1110 Monaural speaker assembly (for X200, X200s, X201s, and X201si)” on page
110
v “1120 I/O card assembly” on page 111
v “1130 LCD assembly” on page 114
Table 22. Removal steps of base cover assembly for ThinkPad X200, X201, and X201i
ThinkPad X200, X201, and X201i:
Remove the top shielding assembly at first.
2
1
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
1 M2 × 3 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (1) Black 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
118 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 127 ---
Table 22. Removal steps of base cover assembly for ThinkPad X200, X201, and
X201i (continued)
3
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
3 M2 × 3.5 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (1) Black 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
4
4
4
4a
Note: Step 4a is only for X201 and X201i.
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
4 M2 × 3.5 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (3) Silver 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
4a M2 × 3.5 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (1) Silver 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
Removing and replacing a FRU 119

--- Page 128 ---
Table 22. Removal steps of base cover assembly for ThinkPad X200, X201, and
X201i (continued)
In step 5 and 6, remove the system board, the DC-in connector, and the fan
assembly together from the base cover assembly.
5
6
a
When installing: Check the position of the wireless switch a, and firmly fit
the system board into the base cover assembly.
Note: Following step is only for ThinkPad X201 and X201i.
7
7
Cable routing: Route the speaker cable as shown in this figure.
120 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 129 ---
Table 23. Removal steps of base cover assembly for ThinkPad X200s, X200si, and X201s
ThinkPad X200s, X200si and X201s:
Remove the top shielding assembly at first.
2
1
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
1 M2 × 3 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (1) Black 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
3
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
3 M2 × 3.5 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (1) Black 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
Removing and replacing a FRU 121

--- Page 130 ---
Table 23. Removal steps of base cover assembly for ThinkPad X200s, X200si, and
X201s (continued)
4
5
4
4
4
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
4 M2 × 3.5 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (4) Silver 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
5 M2 × 3 mm, large-head, nylon-coated (1) Silver 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
In step 6 and 7, remove the system board, the DC-in connector, and the fan
assembly together from the base cover assembly.
6
7
a
When installing: Attach the wireless radio switch as shown in the figure a.
122 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 131 ---
Applying labels to the base cover:
The new base cover FRU is shipped with a kit containing labels of several kinds.
When you replace the base cover, you need to apply the following labels:
1 Product label
2 Homologation label
2a Non-mercury label
Note: If the computer you are servicing is an LED-backlight LCD model,
you need to paste this label so that the notice for mercury is covered.
Following labels need to be peeled off from the old base cover, and need to be
put on the new base cover.
3 Windows license label (COA)
4 Serial number label
5 MAC address label
6 IMEI label
7 FCC-ID label for Wireless LAN
8 FCC-ID label for Wireless WAN
9 China modem label
10 SIRIM label
For some models, you need to apply one or two FCC labels, 7 or 8. Check
the old base cover; if it has one or two FCC labels, find duplicates of them in the
label kit and apply them to the new base cover.
For the location of each label, refer to the following figure:
1 2
3
9
10
8
7
5
6
4
2a
Removing and replacing a FRU 123

--- Page 132 ---
1150 Systemboard, DC-in connector, fan, and ExpressCard slot
assembly
Note: When you replace any of the following system boards, be sure that the new
one has the same ROM size as the original one.
60Y3787
System board with Intel
®
Core
™
2 Duo mobile processor P8600 (2.4 GHz),
non-AMT, TPM, 8-MB ROM
60Y3839
System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor P8600 (2.4 GHz),
non-AMT, TPM, 4-MB ROM
60Y3790
System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor P8600 (2.4 GHz),
non-AMT, non-TPM, 8-MB ROM
60Y3840
System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor P8600 (2.4 GHz),
non-AMT, non-TPM, 4-MB ROM
v To identify the system board originally installed in your computer, go to PEW at
the following web site: http://www.lenovo.com/support/site.wss/
document.do?lndocid=LOOK-WARNTY
Select Warranty Lookup. Input the machine type and the serial number. Use the
system board listed on PEW.
v Business Partners using Eclaim can access PEW at the following web site:
https://wca.eclaim.com
Select Entitlement Lookup. Input the Loc ID, the machine type, and the serial
number. Use the system board listed on PEW.
124 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 133 ---
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 85
v “1020 Hard disk drive (HDD) cover, HDD, and HDD rubber rails or solid state
drive (SSD) and storage converter” on page 87
v “1030 DIMM” on page 91
v “1040 Keyboard” on page 94
v “1050 Palm rest or palm rest with fingerprint reader” on page 97
v “1060 Backup battery” on page 100
v “1070 PCI Express Mini Card for wireless LAN/WiMAX” on page 102
v “1080 PCI Express Mini Card for wireless WAN” on page 105
v “1090 Intel Turbo Memory Minicard or Wireless USB PCI Express Half-Mini
Card” on page 107
v “1100 Keyboard bezel” on page 109
v “1110 Monaural speaker assembly (for X200, X200s, X201s, and X201si)” on page
110
v “1120 I/O card assembly” on page 111
v “1130 LCD assembly” on page 114
v “1140 Base cover assembly and stereo speaker assembly for X201 and X201i” on
page 118
Important notices for handling the system board:
When handling the system board, bear the following in mind.
v The system board has an accelerometer, which can be broken by applying
several thousands of G-forces.
Note: Dropping a system board from a height of as little as 6 inches so that it
falls flat on a hard bench can subject the accelerometer to as much as 6,000 G’s
of shock.
v Be careful not to drop the system board on a bench top that has a hard
surface, such as metal, wood, or composite.
v If a system board is dropped, you must test it, using PC-Doctor for DOS, to
make sure that the HDD Active Protection still functions (see below).
Note: If the test shows that HDD Active Protection is not functioning, be sure
to document the drop in any reject report, and replace the system board.
v Avoid rough handling of any kind.
v At every point in the process, be sure not to drop or stack the system board.
v If you put a system board down, be sure to put it only on a padded surface
such as an ESD mat or conductive corrugated material.
After replacing the system board, run PC-Doctor for DOS to make sure that
HDD Active Protection still functions. The procedure is as follows:
1. Place the computer on a horizontal surface.
2. Run Diagnostics --> ThinkPad Devices --> HDD Active Protection Test.
Attention: Do not apply physical shock to the computer while the test is
running.
Removing and replacing a FRU 125

--- Page 134 ---
Table 24. Removal steps of system board, DC-in connector, fan, and ExpressCard slot
assembly for ThinkPad X200, X201, and X201i
Following components soldered on the system board are extremely sensitive.
When you service the system board, avoid any kind of rough handling.
ThinkPad X200:
a Accelerometer chip for the HDD Active Protection System
™
b ICH (I/O Controller Hub)
c CPU
d MCH (Memory Controller Hub)
Top
b
a
Bottom
c
d
126 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 135 ---
Table 24. Removal steps of system board, DC-in connector, fan, and ExpressCard slot
assembly for ThinkPad X200, X201, and X201i (continued)
ThinkPad X201 and X201i:
a CPU
b PCH (Platform Controller Hub)
c Accelerometer chip for the HDD Active Protection System
Bottom
a
b
c
Note: The DC-in connector and the fan assembly are attached to the underside
of the system board.
1
Note: Step 1 is only for ThinkPad X200.
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
1 M2 × 3.5 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (1) Silver 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
Removing and replacing a FRU 127

--- Page 136 ---
Table 24. Removal steps of system board, DC-in connector, fan, and ExpressCard slot
assembly for ThinkPad X200, X201, and X201i (continued)
Turn the system board over, and then disconnect the DC-in connector and the
fan connector from the system board.
2
3
When installing: Make sure that the DC-in connector and the fan connector are
attached to the system board firmly.
5
6
4
4
4
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
5 M2 × 3.5 mm, flat-head, nylon-coated (1) Silver 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
128 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 137 ---
Table 24. Removal steps of system board, DC-in connector, fan, and ExpressCard slot
assembly for ThinkPad X200, X201, and X201i (continued)
When installing:
v Before you attach the fan assembly to the computer, apply thermal grease, at
an amount of 0.2 grams, on the part marked a as in the following figure.
Either too much or too less application of grease can cause a thermal problem
due to imperfect contact with a component. You need to peel the thin film off
from the rubber b.
For ThinkPad X200:
a
b
For ThinkPad X201 and X201i:
b
a
v Make sure that the fan connector is attached firmly.
Removing and replacing a FRU 129

--- Page 138 ---
Table 24. Removal steps of system board, DC-in connector, fan, and ExpressCard slot
assembly for ThinkPad X200, X201, and X201i (continued)
Note: The ExpressCard slot assembly is attached to the system board.
1
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
1 M2 × 3.5 mm, flat-head, nylon-coated (1) Silver 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
Turn the system board over, and then remove the ExpressCard slot assembly
from the system board.
3
2
130 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 139 ---
Table 25. Removal steps of system board, DC-in connector, fan, and ExpressCard slot
assembly for ThinkPad X200s and X201s
ThinkPad X200s:
Following components soldered on the system board are extremely sensitive.
When you service the system board, avoid any kind of rough handling.
a ICH (I/O Controller Hub)
b CPU
c MCH (Memory Controller Hub)
d Accelerometer chip for the HDD Active Protection System
Top
a
Bottom
b
c
d
Removing and replacing a FRU 131

--- Page 140 ---
Table 25. Removal steps of system board, DC-in connector, fan, and ExpressCard slot
assembly for ThinkPad X200s and X201s (continued)
ThinkPad X201s:
a CPU
b PCH (Platform Controller Hub)
c Accelerometer chip for the HDD Active Protection System
Bottom
a
b
c
132 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 141 ---
Table 25. Removal steps of system board, DC-in connector, fan, and ExpressCard slot
assembly for ThinkPad X200s and X201s (continued)
1
Note: Step 1 in only for ThinkPad X201s.
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
1 M2 × 3.5 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (1) Silver 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
Note: The DC-in connector and the fan assembly are attached to the underside
of the system board.
2
3
When installing: Make sure that the DC-in connector and the fan connector are
attached to the system board firmly.
Removing and replacing a FRU 133

--- Page 142 ---
Table 25. Removal steps of system board, DC-in connector, fan, and ExpressCard slot
assembly for ThinkPad X200s and X201s (continued)
7
8
5
4
6
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
7 M2 × 3.5 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (1) Silver 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
134 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 143 ---
Table 25. Removal steps of system board, DC-in connector, fan, and ExpressCard slot
assembly for ThinkPad X200s and X201s (continued)
When installing:
v Before you attach the fan assembly to the computer, apply thermal grease, at
an amount of 0.2 grams, on the part marked a as in the following figure.
Either too much or too less application of grease can cause a thermal problem
due to imperfect contact with a component. You need to peel the thin film off
from the rubber b.
For ThinkPad X200s:
a
b
For ThinkPad X201s:
b
a
v Make sure that the fan connector is attached firmly.
Removing and replacing a FRU 135

--- Page 144 ---
Table 25. Removal steps of system board, DC-in connector, fan, and ExpressCard slot
assembly for ThinkPad X200s and X201s (continued)
Note: The ExpressCard slot assembly is attached to the system board.
For ThinkPad X200s:
1
For ThinkPad X201s:
1
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
1 M2 × 3.5 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (1) Silver 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
136 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 145 ---
Table 25. Removal steps of system board, DC-in connector, fan, and ExpressCard slot
assembly for ThinkPad X200s and X201s (continued)
Turn the system board over, and then remove the ExpressCard slot assembly
from the system board.
2
3
Removing and replacing a FRU 137

--- Page 146 ---
2010 LCD front bezel
For access, remove this FRU:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 85
Table 26. Removal steps of LCD front bezel for 12.1-in. WXGA LCD model
12.1-in. WXGA LCD model:
1
1
1
Step Screw cap Screw (quantity) Color Torque
1
M2.5 × 4 mm, wafer-head,
nylon-coated (3)
Black 0.392 Nm
(4 kgfcm)
In step 2, detach the claws. Then remove the LCD front bezel.
2
2
2
2
2
2
2
2
When installing: Make sure that all the claws are attached firmly.
138 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 147 ---
Table 27. Removal steps of LCD front bezel for 12.1-in. WXGA+ LCD model
12.1-in. WXGA+ LCD model:
1
2
2
2
2
2
1
3
3
3
3
Step Screw cap Screw (quantity) Color Torque
1
M2.5 × 4 mm, wafer-head,
nylon-coated (2)
Black 0.392 Nm
(4 kgfcm)
2
M2.5 × 4 mm, wafer-head,
nylon-coated (5)
Black 0.392 Nm
(4 kgfcm)
3
M2 × 3.5 mm, wafer-head,
nylon-coated (4)
Silver 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
Removing and replacing a FRU 139

--- Page 148 ---
Table 27. Removal steps of LCD front bezel for 12.1-in. WXGA+ LCD model (continued)
In step 4 and 5, detach the claws. Then remove the LCD front bezel.
4
4
6
4
6
4
4
4
5
5
When installing: Make sure that all the claws are attached firmly.
140 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 149 ---
2020 Inverter card or LED board
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 85
v “2010 LCD front bezel” on page 138
Table 28. Removal steps of inverter card or LED board
For ThinkPad X200, X200s, and X200si:
2
3
4
1
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
1 M2 × 3.5 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (1) Silver 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
When installing: Make sure that the connector 2 and 4 are attached firmly.
Cabling: When replacing the inverter card or the LED board, route the
connector cable as in this figure.
Removing and replacing a FRU 141

--- Page 150 ---
Table 28. Removal steps of inverter card or LED board (continued)
For ThinkPad X201, X201i, and X201s:
2
3
1
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
1 M2 × 3.5 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (1) Silver 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
When installing: Make sure that the connector 2 is attached firmly.
142 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 151 ---
2030 Bluetooth daughter card (BDC-2.1)
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 85
v “2010 LCD front bezel” on page 138
Table 29. Removal steps of Bluetooth daughter card
1
When installing: Make sure that the connector 1 is attached firmly.
Removing and replacing a FRU 143

--- Page 152 ---
2040 Integrated camera
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 85
v “2010 LCD front bezel” on page 138
Table 30. Removal steps of Integrated camera
3
1
1
2
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
1 M2 × 3.5 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (2) Silver 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
144 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 153 ---
2050 LCD panel, LCD brackets, and LCD cable
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 85
v “1040 Keyboard” on page 94
v “1050 Palm rest or palm rest with fingerprint reader” on page 97
v “1070 PCI Express Mini Card for wireless LAN/WiMAX” on page 102
v “1080 PCI Express Mini Card for wireless WAN” on page 105
v “1090 Intel Turbo Memory Minicard or Wireless USB PCI Express Half-Mini
Card” on page 107
v “1100 Keyboard bezel” on page 109
v “1130 LCD assembly” on page 114
v “2010 LCD front bezel” on page 138
v “2020 Inverter card or LED board” on page 141
v “2030 Bluetooth daughter card (BDC-2.1)” on page 143
v “2040 Integrated camera” on page 144
Table 31. Removal steps of LCD panel, LCD brackets, and LCD cable for 12.1-in. WXGA
LCD model
12.1-in. WXGA LCD model:
1
2
1
2
2
2
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
1 M2.5 × 4 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (2) Black 0.392 Nm
(4 kgfcm)
2 M2 × 3.5 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (4) Silver 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
Removing and replacing a FRU 145

--- Page 154 ---
Table 31. Removal steps of LCD panel, LCD brackets, and LCD cable for 12.1-in. WXGA
LCD model (continued)
Note: Step 3 is only for models without the integrated camera. For models
with the integrated camera, skip step 3.
3
3
4
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
3 M2 × 3.5 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (2) Silver 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
In step 5, release the antenna cables from the cable guides, and then remove
the LCD panel.
5
146 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 155 ---
Table 31. Removal steps of LCD panel, LCD brackets, and LCD cable for 12.1-in. WXGA
LCD model (continued)
6
Remove the LCD bracket a.
7
7
8
7
7
8
a
a
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
7 M2 × 2 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (4) Black 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
Removing and replacing a FRU 147

--- Page 156 ---
Table 31. Removal steps of LCD panel, LCD brackets, and LCD cable for 12.1-in. WXGA
LCD model (continued)
Turn the LCD panel over, and then remove the LCD cable b from the LCD
panel.
9
b
10
When installing: Make sure that the LCD cable connector is attached firmly.
148 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 157 ---
Table 32. Removal steps of LCD panel, LCD brackets, and LCD cable for 12.1-in. WXGA+
LCD model
12.1-in. WXGA+ LCD model:
1
3
2
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
1 M2 x 2 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (1) Silver 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
4
5
Removing and replacing a FRU 149

--- Page 158 ---
Table 32. Removal steps of LCD panel, LCD brackets, and LCD cable for 12.1-in. WXGA+
LCD model (continued)
Turn the LCD panel over, and then remove the LCD cable c from the LCD
panel.
c
7
6
When installing: Make sure that the LCD cable connector is attached firmly.
150 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 159 ---
2060 Hinges and hinge brackets
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 85
v “1040 Keyboard” on page 94
v “1050 Palm rest or palm rest with fingerprint reader” on page 97
v “1070 PCI Express Mini Card for wireless LAN/WiMAX” on page 102
v “1080 PCI Express Mini Card for wireless WAN” on page 105
v “1090 Intel Turbo Memory Minicard or Wireless USB PCI Express Half-Mini
Card” on page 107
v “1100 Keyboard bezel” on page 109
v “1130 LCD assembly” on page 114
v “2010 LCD front bezel” on page 138
v “2020 Inverter card or LED board” on page 141
v “2030 Bluetooth daughter card (BDC-2.1)” on page 143
v “2040 Integrated camera” on page 144
v “2050 LCD panel, LCD brackets, and LCD cable” on page 145
Table 33. Removal steps of hinges for 12.1-in. WXGA LCD model
12.1-in. WXGA LCD model:
Remove the hinges.
1
1
Removing and replacing a FRU 151

--- Page 160 ---
Table 34. Removal steps of hinges and hinge brackets for 12.1-in. WXGA+ LCD model
12.1-in. WXGA+ LCD model:
In step 1, release the antenna cables from the cable guides.
1
1
152 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 161 ---
Table 34. Removal steps of hinges and hinge brackets for 12.1-in. WXGA+ LCD
model (continued)
Remove the hinges a and the hinge brackets b.
2
3
2
3
b
a
b
a
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
2 M2.5 x 4 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (2) Black 0.392 Nm
(4 kgfcm)
Removing and replacing a FRU 153

--- Page 162 ---
2070 LCD rear cover and wireless antenna cables
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 85
v “1040 Keyboard” on page 94
v “1050 Palm rest or palm rest with fingerprint reader” on page 97
v “1070 PCI Express Mini Card for wireless LAN/WiMAX” on page 102
v “1080 PCI Express Mini Card for wireless WAN” on page 105
v “1090 Intel Turbo Memory Minicard or Wireless USB PCI Express Half-Mini
Card” on page 107
v “1100 Keyboard bezel” on page 109
v “1130 LCD assembly” on page 114
v “2010 LCD front bezel” on page 138
v “2020 Inverter card or LED board” on page 141
v “2030 Bluetooth daughter card (BDC-2.1)” on page 143
v “2040 Integrated camera” on page 144
v “2050 LCD panel, LCD brackets, and LCD cable” on page 145
v “2060 Hinges and hinge brackets” on page 151
Table 35. Removal steps of LCD rear cover and wireless antenna cables for 12.1-in. WXGA
LCD model
12.1-in. WXGA LCD model:
1
1
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
1 M2 × 3.5 mm, wafer-head, nylon-coated (2) Silver 0.181 Nm
(1.85 kgfcm)
154 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 163 ---
Table 35. Removal steps of LCD rear cover and wireless antenna cables for 12.1-in. WXGA
LCD model (continued)
2
In step 3, release the antenna cables from the cable guides of the rear cover.
3
3 3
3
4 4 4 4 4 4
Removing and replacing a FRU 155

--- Page 164 ---
Table 35. Removal steps of LCD rear cover and wireless antenna cables for 12.1-in. WXGA
LCD model (continued)
5
5
5
5
5
5
Note: Wireless antennas are secured with double-faced adhesive tapes.
When installing: When you attache the antenna cables, do as follows.
1
1
1
1
156 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 165 ---
Table 35. Removal steps of LCD rear cover and wireless antenna cables for 12.1-in. WXGA
LCD model (continued)
Cable routing: Place the antenna assembly as shown in this figure.
a Wireless WAN antenna, AUX (blue)
b Wireless LAN antenna, AUX (black)
c Wireless USB antenna (yellow)
d MIMO antenna (white)
e Wireless LAN antenna, MAIN (gray)
f Wireless WAN antenna, MAIN (red)
a
c
b d
e f
Attention: As you route the antenna cables, make sure that they are not
subjected to any tension. Tension could cause the cables to be damaged by the
cable guides, or a wire to be broken.
Removing and replacing a FRU 157

--- Page 166 ---
Table 36. Removal steps of LCD rear cover and wireless antenna cables for 12.1-in. WXGA+
LCD model
12.1-in. WXGA+ LCD model:
In step 1, release the antenna cables from the cable guides of the rear cover.
1
1
1
1
2
Note: Wireless antennas are secured with double-faced adhesive tapes.
158 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 167 ---
Table 36. Removal steps of LCD rear cover and wireless antenna cables for 12.1-in. WXGA+
LCD model (continued)
Cable routing: Place the antenna assembly as shown in this figure.
a Wireless LAN antenna, AUX (black)
b Wireless USB antenna (yellow)
c MIMO antenna (white)
d Wireless LAN antenna, MAIN (gray)
a b c d
Attention: As you route the antenna cables, make sure that they are not
subjected to any tension. Tension could cause the cables to be damaged by the
cable guides, or a wire to be broken.
Removing and replacing a FRU 159

--- Page 168 ---
160 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 169 ---
Locations
This chapter presents the location of ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i,
and X201s features and hardware.
Front view
1 ThinkLight
2 Integrated camera (for some models)
3 Status indicators
Note: For the description of each indicator, see “Status indicators” on page
71.
4 Power switch
5 Security keyhole
6 Hard disk drive (HDD) or solid state drive (SSD)
7 RJ-11 (modem) connector
8 Microphone jack
9 Stereo headphone jack
10 Universal serial bus (USB) connector
11 TrackPoint pointing stick
12 Fingerprint reader (for some models)
13 TrackPoint buttons
14 Touch pad buttons (for some models)
15 Touch pad (for some models)
16 UltraNav
®
(for some models)
17 Volume control buttons
18 ThinkVantage button
19 Built-in microphone
1
2
5
11
12
17
18
3
4
13
19
6
7
8
10
9
15
14
16
© Copyright Lenovo 2008, 2010 161

--- Page 170 ---
Rear view
1 ExpressCard slot
2 Wireless radio switch
3 Universal Serial Bus (USB) connector
4 RJ-45 (Ethernet) connector
5 External monitor connector
6 Universal serial bus (USB) connector
7 AC power connector
8 Bluetooth antenna
(for some models)
9 Status indicators
Note: For the description of each indicator, see “Status indicators” on page
71.
1
8
5
2
3
4
6
7
9
162 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 171 ---
Bottom view
1 Battery pack
2 Battery pack latch
3 Docking connector
4 DIMM slots
5 LCD cover latch
6 Built-in speaker
7 5-in-1 Media Card Reader or 3-in-1 Media Card Reader slot
8 Hard disk drive (HDD) or solid state drive (SSD)
1
2
4
5
3
6
7
8
Locations 163

--- Page 172 ---
Rear view (ThinkPad X200 UltraBase)
1 AC power connector
2 Universal serial bus (USB) connectors
3 External monitor connector
4 DisplayPort connector
5 Headphone jack
6 Microphone jack
7 RJ-45 (Ethernet) connector
8 Security keyhole
9 Security lock key
10 Universal serial bus (USB) connector
11 Serial Ultrabay Slim device release latch
12 Serial Ultrabay Slim device eject lever
13 Serial Ultrabay Slim device
14 Docking connector
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
164 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 173 ---
Bottom view (ThinkPad X200 UltraBase)
1 Battery charger (behind the flip-down door)
2 UltraBase eject request button
3 UltraBase eject lever
4 Power button security latch
5 Power button
6 Built-in stereo speakers
1
2
3
5
6
4
Locations 165

--- Page 174 ---
166 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 175 ---
Parts list
This section contains following lists of the service parts.
v “Overall” on page 168
v “LCD FRUs” on page 253
v “Keyboard” on page 286
v “Miscellaneous parts” on page 287
v “AC adapters” on page 287
v “Power cords” on page 288
v “Recovery discs” on page 289
v “Common service tools” on page 310
Notes:
v Each FRU is available for all types or models, unless specific types or models
are specified.
v FRU with specific models listed and described as xxU (where U is an example
of a country designator) should be used for all models ending in U.
v FRU with specific models listed and described as 3Dx (where 3D is an
example of a unique configuration) should be used for all of these models,
unless specific country or region designator is specified.
v A CRU (customer replaceable unit) is identified by a single asterisk (*) or two
asterisks (**) in the CRU ID column. An N in the CRU ID column means that
the part is not a CRU. A single asterisk (*) means that the part is a Self-service
CRU; two asterisks (**) means that the part is an Optional-service CRU.
ThinkPad computers contain the following types of CRUs:
Self-service CRUs
These CRUs unplug or are held by no more than two screws.
Examples of these types of CRUs include an ac adapter, a power cord,
a battery, and a hard disk drive. Other Self-service CRUs depending
on product design may include a memory, a wireless card, a keyboard,
and a palm rest with finger print reader and touchpad.
Optional-service CRUs
These CRUs are isolated parts within the computer that are concealed
by an access panel that is typically secured by more than two screws.
Once the access panel is removed, the specific CRU is visible.
v FRUs marked with OP are available as options.
© Copyright Lenovo 2008, 2010 167

--- Page 176 ---
Overall
1
2
5
a
3
4
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
19
20
22a
22b
23
24
25
26
21
18
15
16
17
168 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 177 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
a See “Miscellaneous parts” on page 287.
1 LCD unit (see “LCD FRUs” on page 253.)
2 Keyboard bezel assembly 44C9542 N
3 Backup battery 92P1210 N
4 Intel Turbo Memory 2-GB Minicard
v 7454-CTO, 23x, 25x, 28x, 2Jx, 2Lx, 2Qx, GEx
v 7455-CTO, 33x, 35x, 3Ax, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 8Xx,
8Yx, D6x, D7x, D8x, DLx, DMx, FBx, FCx
v 7457-CTO, 43x, 44x, 47x, 49x, 4Dx
v 7458-CTO, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 53x, 54x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx,
5Lx, 5Mx, 5Sx, 69x, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Tx, 6Vx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 7Bx, 7Dx,
7Jx, 7Kx, 7Zx, 8Cx, 8Fx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, F3x, F4x, F7x, FDx, FEx, FFx, FHx, FKx, FLx,
FXx, G3x, G6x, G7x, G8x
v 7459-CTO, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 68x, 69x, 6Bx, 6Dx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Xx,
H2x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx
v 7465-CTO, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ex, 2Fx
v 7466-CTO, 34x, 35x, 38x, 39x, 3Ax, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Zx, 92x,
9Dx, FQx, FSx, FTx, FZx, N2x
v 7469-CTO, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Zx, 6Bx, 6Ex, 72x,
73x, 78x, 79x, 7Bx, 7Ux, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Gx, 8Kx, 8Nx, 8Qx
v 7470-CTO, 64x, 65x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
43Y6523 **
Parts list 169

--- Page 178 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
4 Intel Turbo Memory 4-GB Minicard
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, 2Cx, 2Tx, 6Ex, F8x, F9x, FJx, FYx, GBx
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO, 5Yx
v 7469-CTO, 8Fx, 8Hx, 8Px
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
43Y6525 **
4 Wireless USB PCI Express Half-Mini Card
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 44x, 45x, 4Cx
v 7465-CTO, 2Dx
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
US 43Y6501 **
JP 43Y6503 **
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor P8400 (2.26 GHz), AMT, TPM
v 7454-CTO, 26x, 29x, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Rx, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Yx, 92x
v 7455-CTO, 36x, 38x, 39x, 3Dx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Px, 3Sx, 3Tx
v
7457-CTO, 45x, 48x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Gx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx
v 7458-CTO, 55x, 57x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 72x, 73x, 78x, 7Ex, 7Fx, 7Gx, 7Hx,
7Lx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Rx, 7Tx, 7Xx, 7Zx, 82x, 86x, F5x, X5x
v 7459-CTO, 62x, 63x, 68x, 6Cx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Lx, 6Rx, 6Tx
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
60Y3792 N
170 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 179 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor P8400 (2.26 GHz), AMT, non-TPM
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO, 3Wx
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, 7Vx, 7Wx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Hx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Nx
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
60Y3795 N
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor P8400 (2.26 GHz), non-AMT, TPM
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
60Y3786 N
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor P8400 (2.26 GHz), non-AMT,
non-TPM
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
60Y3789 N
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor P8600 (2.4 GHz), AMT, TPM
v 7454-CTO, 3Yx, 3Zx, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GFx, GGx, GHx, GJx,
GKx, GLx, GMx, GPx
v 7455-CTO, 3Mx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Jx, 8Tx,
8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, P9x, PGx, PHx, PJx
v 7457-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 46x, 47x, 49x, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx
v 7458-CTO, 52x, 53x, 54x, 56x, 58x, 59x, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Sx,
5Tx, 69x, 74x, 76x, 77x, 79x, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Qx, 7Sx, 7Ux, 7Yx, 83x, 84x, 85x,
87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Zx, E2x, F2x, F6x, F7x, F8x, FDx, FMx, FNx,
FPx, FQx, FSx, FTx, M2x, M3x, X4x
v 7459-CTO, 5Ex, 5Fx, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Dx, 6Gx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Mx, 6Nx,
6Px, 6Qx, 6Sx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, E3x, H3x, M2x, M3x, M4x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
60Y3793 N
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor P8600 (2.4 GHz), AMT, non-TPM
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, 8Bx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Jx, 8Mx
v 7459-CTO, 6Yx, 6Zx, H2x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
60Y3796 N
Parts list 171

--- Page 180 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
5 Note: When you replace the system board listed below, be sure that the new one has the same ROM size as
the original one.
v To identify the system board originally installed in your computer, go to PEW at the following web site:
http://www.lenovo.com/support/site.wss/document.do?lndocid=LOOK-WARNTY
Select Warranty Lookup. Input the machine type and the serial number. Use the system board listed on
PEW.
v Business Partners using Eclaim can access PEW at the following web site: https://wca.eclaim.com
Select Entitlement Lookup. Input the Loc ID, the machine type, and the serial number. Use the system
board listed on PEW.
System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor P8600 (2.4 GHz), non-AMT, TPM,
8-MB ROM
v 7454-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 27x, 28x, 2Gx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Mx, 2Qx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx,
2Zx, 3Tx, 93x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, 9Lx, GBx, GCx, GDx, GEx, GNx
v 7455-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Cx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Hx, 3Lx, 3Nx, 3Qx, 3Rx,
3Zx, 4Wx, 82x, 83x, 8Gx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Zx, D5x, D9x, DCx,
DPx, DQx, FRx, FSx, FZx, N3x, N4x, N5x, P2x, P3x, P4x, P5x, P6x, P7x, PAx, PBx, PCx
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO, 73x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
60Y3787 N
5 Note: When you replace the system board listed below, be sure that the new one has the same ROM size as
the original one.
v To identify the system board originally installed in your computer, go to PEW at the following web site:
http://www.lenovo.com/support/site.wss/document.do?lndocid=LOOK-WARNTY
Select Warranty Lookup. Input the machine type and the serial number. Use the system board listed on
PEW.
v Business Partners using Eclaim can access PEW at the following web site: https://wca.eclaim.com
Select Entitlement Lookup. Input the Loc ID, the machine type, and the serial number. Use the system
board listed on PEW.
System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor P8600 (2.4 GHz), non-AMT, TPM,
4-MB ROM
v 7454-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 27x, 28x, 2Gx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Mx, 2Qx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx,
2Zx, 3Tx, 93x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, 9Lx, GBx, GCx, GDx, GEx, GNx
v 7455-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Cx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Hx, 3Lx, 3Nx, 3Qx, 3Rx,
3Zx, 4Wx, 82x, 83x, 8Gx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Zx, D5x, D9x, DCx,
DPx, DQx, FRx, FSx, FZx, N3x, N4x, N5x, P2x, P3x, P4x, P5x, P6x, P7x, PAx, PBx, PCx
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO, 73x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
60Y3839 N
172 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 181 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
5 Note: When you replace the system board listed below, be sure that the new one has the same ROM size as
the original one.
v To identify the system board originally installed in your computer, go to PEW at the following web site:
http://www.lenovo.com/support/site.wss/document.do?lndocid=LOOK-WARNTY
Select Warranty Lookup. Input the machine type and the serial number. Use the system board listed on
PEW.
v Business Partners using Eclaim can access PEW at the following web site: https://wca.eclaim.com
Select Entitlement Lookup. Input the Loc ID, the machine type, and the serial number. Use the system
board listed on PEW.
System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor P8600 (2.4 GHz), non-AMT,
non-TPM, 8-MB ROM
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO, 3Ux, 3Vx, 84x, DAx, DEx, DGx, DHx, F3x, PDx, PEx, PFx
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
60Y3790 N
5 Note: When you replace the system board listed below, be sure that the new one has the same ROM size as
the original one.
v To identify the system board originally installed in your computer, go to PEW at the following web site:
http://www.lenovo.com/support/site.wss/document.do?lndocid=LOOK-WARNTY
Select Warranty Lookup. Input the machine type and the serial number. Use the system board listed on
PEW.
v Business Partners using Eclaim can access PEW at the following web site: https://wca.eclaim.com
Select Entitlement Lookup. Input the Loc ID, the machine type, and the serial number. Use the system
board listed on PEW.
System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor P8600 (2.4 GHz), non-AMT,
non-TPM, 4-MB ROM
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO, 3Ux, 3Vx, 84x, DAx, DEx, DGx, DHx, F3x, PDx, PEx, PFx
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
60Y3840 N
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor P8700 (2.53 GHz), AMT, TPM
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Tx, FHx, FQx
v 7457-CTO, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 53x, 54x, 56x, 57x, 58x
v 7458-CTO, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Kx, 2Lx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 66x, 6Bx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Nx,
6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Vx, 6Xx, 8Tx, 8Wx, 8Xx, F3x, F4x, F9x, FAx, FCx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx,
FJx, FKx, FLx, FUx, FVx, FWx, G5x, G6x, GBx, GCx
v 7459-CTO, H4x, H6x, H7x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
60Y3825 N
Parts list 173

--- Page 182 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor P8700 (2.53 GHz), AMT, non-TPM
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO, D6x
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, 8Yx
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
60Y3827 N
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor P8700 (2.53 GHz), non-AMT, TPM
v 7454-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 36x, 38x, 3Px, 3Rx, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Jx
v 7455-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 49x, 4Bx, 4Xx, 4Zx, D2x, D3x, D7x, D8x, DDx, DJx, DKx, DLx,
DMx, DNx, DRx, DSx, DTx, DXx, F5x, F6x, FEx, FJx, FMx
v 7457-CTO, 52x, 55x
v 7458-CTO, 62x, 65x, 6Jx
v 7459-CTO, 74x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
60Y3841 N
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor P8700 (2.53 GHz), non-AMT,
non-TPM
v 7454-CTO, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx
v 7455-CTO, 47x, DBx, DFx, F4x, FNx, FPx
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
60Y3842 N
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor P8800 (2.4 GHz), AMT, TPM
v 7454-CTO, 3Qx, 3Sx
v 7455-CTO, 45x, 46x, 4Ax, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Ux, 4Vx,
4Yx, 8Fx, 8Hx, 8Xx, 8Yx, DUx, DVx, DYx, DZx, F2x, F7x, F9x, FDx, FFx, FGx, FKx, FLx,
N2x
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, 22x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Vx,
63x, 64x, 67x, 68x, 6Ax, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Mx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Wx, 6Yx, 6Zx, FXx, FYx,
G3x, G4x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GDx, GEx, GFx
v 7459-CTO, 72x, 75x, H5x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
43Y9982 N
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor P8800 (2.4 GHz), AMT, non-TPM
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO, 48x, DWx
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
43Y9984 N
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor P8800 (2.4 GHz), non-AMT, TPM
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v
2024-CTO
45M2839 N
174 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 183 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor P8800 (2.4 GHz), non-AMT,
non-TPM
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
45M2840 N
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor T9400 (2.53 GHz), AMT, TPM
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
60Y3794 N
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor T9400 (2.53 GHz), AMT, non-TPM
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
60Y3797 N
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor T9400 (2.53 GHz), non-AMT, TPM
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
60Y3788 N
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor T9400 (2.53 GHz), non-AMT,
non-TPM
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
60Y3791 N
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor T9550 (2.66 GHz), AMT, TPM
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
60Y3826 N
Parts list 175

--- Page 184 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor T9550 (2.66 GHz), AMT, non-TPM
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
60Y3828 N
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor T9600 (2.8 GHz), AMT, TPM
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
43Y9983 N
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor T9600 (2.8 GHz), AMT, non-TPM
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
43Y9985 N
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor SU9300 (1.2 GHz), AMT, TPM
v 7462-CTO, 4Dx, 4Gx
v 7465-CTO, 2Ex, 2Hx
v 7466-CTO, 38x, 3Bx
v 7469-CTO, 58x, 5Bx
v 7470-CTO, 68x, 6Bx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
60Y3847 N
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor SU9300 (1.2 GHz), AMT, non-TPM
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
60Y3850 N
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor SU9400 (1.4 GHz), AMT, TPM
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO, 3Mx
v 7466-CTO, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 58x
v 7469-CTO, 65x, 66x
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
60Y3867 N
176 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 185 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor SU9400 (1.4 GHz), AMT, non-TPM
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO, 3Lx
v 7466-CTO, 46x
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
60Y3870 N
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor SU9600 (1.6 GHz), AMT, TPM
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO, 3Kx
v 7466-CTO, 9Gx
v 7469-CTO, 6Px
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
60Y3868 N
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor SU9600 (1.6 GHz), AMT, non-TPM
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
60Y3871 N
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor SL9300 (1.6 GHz), AMT, TPM
v 7462-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 4Ex, 4Hx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Nx, 4Qx, 4Sx
v 7465-CTO, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 2Fx, 2Jx, 2Mx, 2Px, 2Rx, 2Tx, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx
v 7466-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 39x, 3Cx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 9Vx, 9Wx,
9Xx
v 7469-CTO, 52x, 53x, 54x, 56x, 59x, 5Cx, 5Ex, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Xx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 72x,
75x, 78x, 7Ax, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Gx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 8Ax, 8Bx
v 7470-CTO, 62x, 63x, 64x, 69x, 6Cx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
60Y3848 N
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor SL9300 (1.6 GHz), AMT, non-TPM
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO, 7Qx
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
60Y3851 N
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor SL9400 (1.86 GHz), AMT, TPM
v 7462-CTO, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Fx, 4Jx, 4Mx, 4Px, 4Rx, 4Tx, F2x, F3x
v 7465-CTO, 28x, 29x, 2Dx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Nx, 2Qx, 2Sx, 2Ux, 2Zx, 3Jx
v 7466-CTO, 35x, 3Ax, 3Dx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 45x, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Rx,
4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 54x, 56x, 5Hx, 93x, 94x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax
v 7469-CTO, 55x, 57x, 5Ax, 5Dx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx,
67x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Hx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 73x, 74x,
76x, 77x, 79x, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Fx, 86x, 89x, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Tx, 95x, 9Ex, 9Gx, GCx
v 7470-CTO, 5Gx, 5Hx, 65x, 6Ax, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Hx, 6Lx, 72x, 74x, 8Tx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
60Y3849 N
Parts list 177

--- Page 186 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor SL9400 (1.86 GHz), AMT, non-TPM
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Zx, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Yx, 92x, 9Ex, 9Fx, HDx, HEx
v 7469-CTO, 5Fx, 7Lx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Rx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Xx, 8Gx, GBx
v 7470-CTO, 6Jx, 6Kx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
60Y3852 N
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor SL9600 (2.13 GHz), AMT, TPM
v 7462-CTO, 4Zx
v 7465-CTO, 2Yx, D2x, D3x
v 7466-CTO, 3Vx, 3Wx, 43x, 44x, 55x, 5Xx, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, DMx
v 7469-CTO, 6Bx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Jx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 87x, 88x, 8Cx, 8Dx,
8Ex, 8Fx, 8Kx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Rx, 8Sx, 96x, 9Dx, GAx
v 7470-CTO, 75x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
60Y3869 N
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo mobile processor SL9600 (2.13 GHz), AMT, non-TPM
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO, 4Wx, 4Xx, FZx, N2x
v 7469-CTO, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Qx, 98x, 99x
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
60Y3872 N
5 System board with Intel
®
Core
™
2 Solo mobile processor SU3500 (1.4 GHz), AMT, TPM
v 7462-CTO, 24x, 25x, 26x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Gx, 2Hx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FLx,
FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FRx, FUx, FVx
v 7465-CTO, 3Vx
v 7466-CTO, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 52x, 53x, 57x, 5Gx, 5Zx, 9Kx, 9Lx, 9Mx, 9Nx, 9Rx, 9Sx,
9Tx, 9Ux, H2x, H3x, H4x
v 7469-CTO, 93x, 94x, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x
v 7470-CTO, 6Qx, 6Rx, 73x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
60Y5691 N
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Solo mobile processor SU3500 (1.4 GHz), AMT, non-TPM
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO, D6x, D7x, D8x, D9x, DAx, 3Ux
v 7466-CTO, 59x, 5Ax, 9Px, 9Qx, 9Yx, 9Zx, HCx
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
60Y5692 N
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Solo mobile processor SU3500 (1.4 GHz), non-AMT, TPM
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
45M2841 N
178 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 187 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Solo mobile processor SU3500 (1.4 GHz), non-AMT,
non-TPM
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
45M2842 N
5 System board with Intel
®
Celeron
®
M processor 723 (1.2 GHz), AMT, TPM
v 7462-CTO, 22x, 23x, 27x, 28x, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x,
FAx
v 7465-CTO, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Rx, 3Wx, DFx, G5x, G6x
v 7466-CTO, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 5Wx, 9Jx, DLx
v 7469-CTO, 62x, 63x, 64x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, 9Cx, E2x, G9x
v 7470-CTO, 6Mx, 6Nx, 8Ux, 8Zx, E2x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
60Y5689 N
5 System board with Intel Celeron M processor 723 (1.2 GHz), AMT, non-TPM
v 7462-CTO, FHx, FJx, FKx
v 7465-CTO, D4x, DBx, DCx, DDx, DEx
v 7466-CTO, 4Vx, 95x, 9Hx
v 7469-CTO, 97x
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
60Y5690 N
5 System board with Intel Celeron M processor 723 (1.2 GHz), non-AMT, TPM
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
45M2848 N
5 System board with Intel Celeron M processor 723 (1.2 GHz), non-AMT, non-TPM
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
45M2849 N
5 System board with Intel Celeron M processor 743 (1.3 GHz), non-AMT, TPM
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
63Y2034 N
Parts list 179

--- Page 188 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
5 System board with Intel Celeron M processor 743 (1.3 GHz), non-AMT, non-TPM
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
63Y2035 N
5 System board with Intel
®
Celeron
®
processor SU2300 (1.2 GHz), non-AMT, TPM
v 7462-CTO, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, FSx, FTx
v 7465-CTO, G7x, G8x, G9x
v 7466-CTO, 5Fx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, H5x, H6x, H7x,
H8x, H9x
v 7469-CTO, 9Ax, 9Bx, G7x, G8x
v 7470-CTO, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 76x, 77x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
63Y2036 N
5 System board with Intel Celeron processor SU2300 (1.2 GHz), non-AMT, non-TPM
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO, 3Sx, 3Tx, DGx, DHx, DJx, DKx
v 7466-CTO, 5Vx, HAx, HBx
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
63Y2037 N
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo processor SU7300 (1.3 GHz), non-AMT, TPM
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, G2x, G3x, G4x, GAx, GBx
v 7466-CTO, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx,
FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
63Y2110 N
5 System board with Intel Core 2 Duo processor SU7300 (1.3 GHz), non-AMT, non-TPM
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO, F9x, FAx, FXx, FYx
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
63Y2111 N
5 System board with Intel Pentium processor SU4100 (1.3 GHz), non-AMT, TPM
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
63Y2112 N
180 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 189 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
5 System board with Intel Pentium processor SU4100 (1.3 GHz), non-AMT, non-TPM
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
63Y2113 N
5 System board with Intel Core i3-330M processor, NV, AMT, TPM
v 3249-CTO, J2x
v 3323-CTO, K2x, KAx, KCx, KDx, KJx, KLx, KPx, KRx, KWx, KYx, KZx, L2x, L7x, LAx,
LDx, LEx, LFx
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
75Y4027 N
5 System board with Intel Core i3-330M processor, NV, AMT, non-TPM
v 3249-CTO, J3x, J4x, J6x, J7x, JAx
v 3323-CTO, K5x, K6x, K7x, K8x, KVx
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
75Y4028 N
5 System board with Intel Core i3-330M processor, NV, non-AMT, TPM
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
63Y2160 N
5 System board with Intel Core i3-330M processor, NV, non-AMT, non-TPM
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
63Y2161 N
5 System board with Intel Core i5-430M processor, NV, AMT, TPM
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO, K3x, K4x, KEx, KFx, KGx, KHx, KMx, KNx, KSx, KTx, L3x, L4x, L5x, L6x,
L8x, LBx, LCx
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
75Y4029 N
Parts list 181

--- Page 190 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
5 System board with Intel Core i5-430M processor, NV, AMT, non-TPM
v 3249-CTO, J5x, J8x, J9x
v 3323-CTO, K9x, KUx
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
75Y4030 N
5 System board with Intel Core i5-430M processor, NV, non-AMT, TPM
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
63Y2164 N
5 System board with Intel Core i5-430M processor, NV, non-AMT, non-TPM
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
63Y2165 N
5 System board with Intel Core i5-520M processor, NV, AMT, TPM
v 3249-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 29x, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx
v 3323-CTO, 42x, 44x, 49x, 4Ex, 4Gx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 5Bx,
5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 6Dx, 6Ex,
6Fx, 6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 7Yx, 82x, 85x,
86x, 87x, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Gx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Vx, 8Wx, 92x, 93x, 95x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax,
9Cx, 9Ex, 9Gx, 9Hx
v 3357-CTO, D2x, D4x, D6x, D7x
v 3626-CTO, FBx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FTx, FXx, FYx, G2x, G4x, G5x, G9x, GAx, GBx,
GEx, GFx, GHx, GJx, GKx, GLx, GMx, GNx, GPx, GRx, GXx, H2x, H3x, H4x, H5x,
H6x, H7x
v 3680-CTO, P2x, FBx, P7x, P8x, P9x, PDx, PEx, PFx, PGx, PHx, PJx
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
63Y2062 N
5 System board with Intel Core i5-520M processor, NV, AMT, non-TPM
v 3249-CTO, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Mx
v 3323-CTO, 4Ux, 4Wx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 52x, 8Zx
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
63Y2063 N
5 System board with Intel Core i5-520M processor, NV, non-AMT, TPM
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
63Y2068 N
182 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 191 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
5 System board with Intel Core i5-520M processor, NV, non-AMT, non-TPM
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
63Y2069 N
5 System board with Intel Core i5-540M processor, NV, AMT, TPM
v 3249-CTO, 28x, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx, 2Lx
v 3323-CTO, 43x, 45x, 46x, 48x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Fx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Px, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx,
58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx,
6Cx, 6Wx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 78x, 79x, 7Ax, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx,
7Gx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Rx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Wx, 7Xx, 7Zx, 83x,
84x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Lx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Xx, 8Yx, 94x, 96x, 97x, 9Bx, 9Dx,
9Fx, R2x
v 3357-CTO, D3x, D5x
v 3626-CTO, 11x, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx,
FHx, FJx, FKx, FRx, FSx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FZx, G3x, G6x, G7x, G8x, GCx, GDx, GHx,
GJx, GSx, GTx, GUx, GVx, GWx, GYx, GZx, R3x, N2x
v 3680-CTO, 11x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, P3x, P4x, P5x, P6x, PAx, PBx, PCx, N2x
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
63Y2064 N
5 System board with Intel Core i5-540M processor, NV, AMT, non-TPM
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO, 4Vx
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
63Y2065 N
5 System board with Intel Core i5-540M processor, NV, non-AMT, TPM
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
63Y2070 N
5 System board with Intel Core i5-540M processor, NV, non-AMT, non-TPM
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
63Y2071 N
Parts list 183

--- Page 192 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
5 System board with Intel Core i7-620M processor, NV, AMT, TPM
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
63Y2066 N
5 System board with Intel Core i7-620M processor, NV, AMT, non_TPM
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
63Y2067 N
5 System board with Intel Core i7-620LM processor, LV, AMT, TPM
v 5129-CTO, 72x, 73x
v 5143-CTO, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px,
2Rx, 3Wx, 3Yx, 43x, 44x, 45x, 48x, 49x, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Gx, 4Hx
v 5385-CTO, D4x
v 5397-CTO, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, FKx, FMx, FNx, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, GAx
v 5413-CTO, L2x, L3x
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
63Y2072 N
5 System board with Intel Core i7-620LM processor, LV, AMT, non-TPM
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO, 43x, 4Gx
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
63Y2073 N
5 System board with Intel Core i7-640LM processor, LV, AMT, TPM
v 5129-CTO, R1x
v 5143-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 28x, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Yx, 2Zx, 32x, 33x, 34x,
35x, 36x, 37x, 38x, 39x, 3Ax, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Zx, 42x, 46x, 47x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Ex, 4Jx
v 5385-CTO, D2x, D3x
v 5397-CTO, F2x, F3x, F9x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FPx, FRx, FSx,
FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx, G2x, G3x, G8x, G9x
v 5413-CTO, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, L4x, L5x
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
63Y2074 N
5 System board with Intel Core i7-640LM processor, LV, AMT, non-TPM
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO, 26x, 27x
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v
5446-CTO
63Y2075 N
184 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 193 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
6 512-MB DDR3-1066 SDRAM SO-DIMM (PC3-8500) card
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO, 4Bx, 4Hx
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
43R1775 **
6 1-GB DDR3-1066 SDRAM SO-DIMM (PC3-8500) card
v 7454-CTO, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 28x, 29x, 2Gx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Ux,
2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Yx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Yx, 92x, 93x, 97x, 98x, 9Gx, GEx, GFx
v 7455-CTO, 33x, 36x, 39x, 3Ax, 3Dx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 42x, 43x, 48x,
49x, 4Ax, 8Ex, DAx, DBx, DCx, DDx, DEx, DFx, F3x, FXx, FYx, P6x, P7x, P9x, PDx, PFx
v 7457-CTO, 44x, 45x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Ex, 4Gx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx,
4Vx, 4Wx, 54x, 57x, 58x
v 7458-CTO, 26x, 2Ex, 2Kx, 2Tx, 54x, 55x, 56x, 5Ax, 5Ex, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Sx, 68x, 69x,
6Px, 6Qx, 73x, 74x, 76x, 78x, 7Cx, 7Ex, 7Fx, 7Gx, 7Hx, 7Lx, 7Mx, 7Qx, 7Rx, 7Sx, 7Ux,
7Vx, 7Wx, 7Xx, 7Yx, 84x, 85x, 87x, 8Bx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Jx, FNx, FPx, FTx, FYx, X5x
v 7459-CTO, 5Ex, 62x, 63x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 6Ax, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Fx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Tx,
6Wx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx, H2x, H4x, M3x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 22x, 27x, 42x, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, F2x, F3x, F6x,
F7x, FAx, FBx, FDx, FHx, FJx, FLx, FNx
v 7465-CTO, 23x, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Zx, 3Jx, 3Lx, 3Mx,
3Nx, 3Px, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Wx, DGx, DHx, DJx, DKx, G5x, G6x
v 7466-CTO, 32x, 3Kx, 3Mx, 3Px, 3Qx, 46x, 4Hx, 4Jx, 95x, 9Vx, 9Wx, 9Xx, FXx, FZx, H2x,
H3x, H4x, N2x
v 7469-CTO, 52x, 63x, 64x, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 75x, 76x, 77x, 7Ax,
7Bx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx, 7Hx, 7Kx, 7Xx, 83x, 84x, 85x, 8Hx, 8Tx, 9Gx, GCx
v 7470-CTO, 62x, 6Nx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 8Tx, 8Ux
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
43R1989 **
Parts list 185

--- Page 194 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
6 1-GB DDR3-1066 SDRAM SO-DIMM (PC3-8500) card
v 3249-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, J3x, J4x,
J6x, J7x, J8x
v 3323-CTO, 42x, 44x, 49x, 4Cx, 4Ex, 4Gx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Rx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx,
4Yx, 4Zx, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 58x, 59x, 7Yx, 82x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Fx, 8Bx, 8Cx,
8Dx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Zx, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Cx, 9Fx, K5x, K6x, K7x, K8x, K9x, KUx, KVx, KYx,
KZx, L2x, L4x, L5x, L7x, LBx, LCx, LEx, LFx, R2x
v 3357-CTO, D2x, D4x, D5x, D6x
v 3626-CTO, F7x, G2x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx, GDx, GHx
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO, 22x, 24x, 26x, 3Ux, 3Wx, 3Zx, 42x, 43x, 4Gx
v 5385-CTO, D2x, D3x
v 5397-CTO, F2x, F3x, FEx, FHx, FJx, G2x, G4x
v 5413-CTO, FEx
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
55Y3712 **
6 2-GB DDR3-1066 SDRAM SO-DIMM (PC3-8500) card
v 7454-CTO, 22x, 27x, 29x, 2Gx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Qx, 2Zx, 32x, 33x, 34x,
36x, 38x, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Nx, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Zx, 95x, 96x,
97x, 98x, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, 9Jx, 9Lx, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x,
GBx, GCx, GDx, GEx, GGx, GHx, GJx, GKx, GLx, GMx, GNx, GPx
v 7455-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 38x, 3Bx, 3Cx, 3Ex, 3Gx, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Qx,
3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 42x, 43x, 4Ax, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 4Bx,
4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux,
4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx,
8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx,
8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, D2x, D3x, D5x, D6x, D7x, D8x, D9x, DAx, DBx, DCx, DDx, DEx, DFx,
DGx, DHx, DJx, DKx, DLx, DMx, DNx, DPx, DQx, DRx, DSx, DTx, DUx, DVx, DWx,
DXx, DYx, DZx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F9x, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx,
FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx,
N2x, N3x, N4x, N5x, P2x, P3x, P4x, P5x, P6x, P7x, P9x, PAx, PBx, PCx, PDx, PEx, PFx,
PGx, PHx, PJx
v 7457-CTO, 42x, 43x, 46x, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Fx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x,
58x
v 7458-CTO, 22x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Kx, 2Lx,
2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Vx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 52x, 53x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Bx, 5Cx,
5Dx, 5Fx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Tx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Cx,
6Dx, 6Ex, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, 6Yx,
6Zx, 72x, 77x, 79x, 7Bx, 7Dx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Tx, 7Zx, 82x, 83x, 86x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax,
8Cx, 8Dx, 8Hx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, E2x,
F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx,
FLx, FMx, FQx, FSx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GBx,
GCx, GDx, GEx, GFx, M2x, M3x, X4x, X5x
v 7459-CTO, 5Fx, 64x, 65x, 69x, 6Bx, 6Ex, 6Gx, 6Jx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Sx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 72x,
73x, 74x, 75x, E3x, H3x, H5x, H6x, H7x, M2x, M4x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
(continued)
43R1969 **
186 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 195 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
6 (continued)
2-GB DDR3-1066 SDRAM SO-DIMM (PC3-8500) card
v 7462-CTO, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx, 2Hx, 43x,
44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Mx, 4Rx,
4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx, F4x, F5x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FJx, FKx, FMx,
FPx, FQx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx
v 7465-CTO, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Nx, 2Sx, 2Yx,
3Kx, 3Lx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, D2x, D3x, D4x, D6x, D7x, D8x, D9x, DAx,
DBx, DCx, DDx, DEx, DFx, DGx, DHx, DJx, DKx, G2x, G3x, G4x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx,
GBx
v 7466-CTO, 33x, 34x, 35x, 38x, 39x, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Cx, 3Dx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Lx,
3Nx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x,
4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx,
4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx,
5Gx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 5Yx,
5Zx, 92x, 93x, 94x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, 9Jx, 9Kx,
9Lx, 9Mx, 9Nx, 9Px, 9Qx, 9Rx, 9Sx, 9Tx, 9Ux, 9Yx, 9Zx, DLx, DMx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x,
F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx,
FPx, FQx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx, H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x,
H8x, H9x, HAx, HBx, HCx, HDx, HEx, N2x
v 7469-CTO, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx,
5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 62x,
65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx,
6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 78x, 79x, 7Cx,
7Gx, 7Jx, 7Lx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Qx, 7Rx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 86x, 87x,
88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Qx,
8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, 93x, 94x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax,
9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Gx, E2x, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx
v 7470-CTO, 5Gx, 5Hx, 63x, 64x, 65x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Hx,
6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 8Zx, E2x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
43R1969 **
Parts list 187

--- Page 196 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
6 2-GB DDR3-1066 SDRAM SO-DIMM (PC3-8500) card
v 3249-CTO, 28x, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx, 2Hx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Lx, 2Mx, J2x, J5x, J7x, J8x, J9x, JAx
v 3323-CTO, 43x, 45x, 46x, 48x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Dx, 4Fx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 56x, 57x, 5Ax,
5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux,
5Vx, 5Wx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx,
6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 72x,
73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 78x, 79x, 7Ax, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx, 7Gx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx,
7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Rx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Wx, 7Xx, 7Zx, 83x, 84x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx,
8Ex, 8Gx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, 92x,
93x, 94x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 9Bx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Gx, 9Hx, K2x, K3x, K4x, K5x, K6x, K9x, KAx,
KCx, KDx, KEx, KFx, KGx, KHx, KJx, KLx, KMx, KNx, KPx, KRx, KSx, KTx, KUx,
KVx, KWx, L3x, L6x, L8x, LAx, LDx
v 3357-CTO, D3x, D5x, D6x, D7x
v 3626-CTO, 11x, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx,
FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx,
FZx, G3x, GAx, GBx, GCx, GDx, GEx, GFx, GHx, GHx, GJx, GJx, GKx, GLx, GMx,
GNx, GPx, GRx, GSx, GTx, GUx, GVx, GWx, GXx, GYx, GZx, H2x, H3x, H4x, H5x,
H6x, H7x, R3x, N2x
v 3680-CTO, P2x, P3x, P4x, P5x, P6x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx, 11x, P7x, P8x, P9x, PAx,
PBx, PCx, PDx, PEx, PFx, PGx, PHx, PJx, N2x
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO, R1x, 72x, 73x
v 5143-CTO, 23x, 25x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx,
2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Yx, 2Zx, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 36x,
37x, 38x, 39x, 3Ax, 3Vx, 3Yx, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex,
4Gx, 4Hx, 4Jx
v 5385-CTO, D4x
v 5397-CTO, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FKx, FMx,
FNx, FPx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx, G3x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x,
G9x, GAx
v 5413-CTO, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, L2x, L3x, L4x, L5x
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
55Y3713 **
6 4-GB DDR3-1066 SDRAM SO-DIMM (PC3-8500) card
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
55Y3714 **
188 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 197 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
6 1-GB DDR3-1333 SDRAM SO-DIMM (PC3-10600) card
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
55Y3715 **
6 2-GB DDR3-1333 SDRAM SO-DIMM (PC3-10600) card
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
55Y3716 **
6 4-GB DDR3-1333 SDRAM SO-DIMM (PC3-10600) card
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
55Y3717 **
Parts list 189

--- Page 198 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
7 Qualcomm UNDP1 - Wireless WAN card
v 7454-CTO, 3Vx
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, 5Fx, 8Ax
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T0961 **
7 Integrated Mobile Broadband (Gobi 2000 3G with GPS)
v 3249-CTO, 2Hx
v 3323-CTO, 48x, 4Ax, 4Dx, 4Fx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Px, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Yx, 56x, 5Cx, 5Dx,
5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 9Fx, K2x, K4x, K6x, K7x, KAx, KDx, KFx, KHx, KLx, KUx, KVx, LAx,
LDx
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO, F4x, FRx, FSx, FTx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, GJx, GNx, GRx, GSx, GWx, GXx,
GYx, H4x, H5x, H7x, R3x
v 3680-CTO, P2x, P3x, P4x, P5x, P6x, P7x, P9x, PBx, PFx, PGx, PJx
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
60Y3183 **
7 Integrated China Mobile Mobile Broadband (Leadcore LC5370D)
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
60Y3225 **
190 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 199 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
7 Integrated China Telecom Mobile Broadband (Huawei EM660)
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO, 85x, 86x, 88x, 89x, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Gx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Nx
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO, GAx
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
60Y3227 **
7 KDDI Wireless WAN Modem Adapter
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO, 49x
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 49x, 4Ax
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
43Y6476 **
7 Ericsson F3507g USA - Wireless WAN card
v 7454-CTO, 2Gx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Zx, 36x, 3Xx
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, 5Hx, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Yx, 7Dx, 89x, GEx, GFx
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, FDx, FRx, FSx
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO, 6Jx, 9Gx, GAx
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
43Y6537 **
Parts list 191

--- Page 200 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
7 Ericsson F3507g Other - Wireless WAN card
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO, 3Sx, 3Xx, 46x, 4Rx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 88x, 8Ax, 8Ex, D7x, DKx, DLx, DZx, FFx, FGx,
FHx, FMx, FNx
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, 2Qx, 2Tx, 5Lx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Sx, 65x, 6Vx, 7Zx, 83x, FDx, FEx, FMx, GDx
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO, 3Tx, 3Xx, 4Xx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 96x, 9Cx, 9Ex, FVx, HEx
v 7469-CTO, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Xx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Fx, 72x, 73x,
8Sx, 96x, 99x
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
43Y6513 **
8 ThinkPad 11b/g Wireless LAN Mini PCI Express Adapter III
v 7454-CTO, 2Hx, 92x
v 7455-CTO, 3Dx, 3Px
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, 53x, 5Ax, 78x, FGx, FPx, FTx
v 7459-CTO, 6Lx, 6Tx
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 42x, 4Xx, 4Yx, F3x, F6x, F7x
v 7465-CTO, 2Lx, 2Wx, 2Xx
v 7466-CTO, 3Kx, 3Mx
v 7469-CTO, 7Ax
v 7470-CTO, 6Ux
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
43Y6511 **
192 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 201 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
8 Intel Centrino Wireless-N 1000
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO, F9x, FCx, FEx
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO, GAx, GBx
v 7466-CTO, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FXx, FYx
v 7469-CTO, 93x, 94x
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-CTO, 26x, 2Fx, 2Jx, 2Lx, 2Mx, J2x, J3x, J4x, J5x, J6x, J8x, J9x
v 3323-CTO, 46x, 4Dx, 4Fx, 4Kx, 4Nx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 53x, 57x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 7Yx, 82x, 85x, 87x,
8Fx, 8Jx, 8Px, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 98x, 99x, 9Cx, K8x, KMx, KNx, KPx, KSx, KYx, L3x
v 3357-CTO, D2x
v 3626-CTO, G2x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GBx, GCx, GDx, GEx
v 3680-CTO, P3x
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO, 43x, 4Gx
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
60Y3203 **
Parts list 193

--- Page 202 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
8 Intel WiFi Link 5100
v 7454-CTO, 26x, 29x, 2Gx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Yx, 2Zx, 32x, 33x, 34x,
36x, 38x, 3Jx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Vx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 93x, 95x, 97x, 98x, 9Gx,
9Hx, 9Jx, 9Lx, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GBx, GCx, GDx, GEx, GFx,
GGx, GHx, GJx, GKx, GLx, GMx, GNx, GPx
v 7455-CTO, 36x, 39x, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Kx, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x,
47x, 48x, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Zx, 82x, 85x, 86x,
8Cx, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx,
8Yx, 8Zx, D5x, D6x, D9x, DAx, DBx, DGx, DJx, DNx, DPx, DQx, DRx, DVx, DXx, F2x,
F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, FBx, FDx, FFx, FGx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FRx, FSx,
FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx, P2x, P3x, P4x, P5x, P6x, P7x, P9x, PAx, PBx, PCx,
PDx, PEx, PFx, PGx, PHx, PJx
v 7457-CTO, 45x, 48x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Gx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 53x, 54x,
56x, 57x, 58x
v 7458-CTO, 24x, 25x, 26x, 28x, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Fx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 55x, 57x, 5Dx,
5Ex, 68x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Xx, 6Zx, 73x, 74x, 76x, 7Cx, 7Ex,
7Fx, 7Gx, 7Hx, 7Qx, 7Rx, 7Ux, 7Wx, 7Xx, 7Yx, 88x, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx,
8Kx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Wx, 8Yx, E2x, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, FHx, FKx,
FLx, FNx, FQx, FSx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FYx, G7x, G8x, G9x, M2x, X4x, X5x
v 7459-CTO, 5Ex, 67x, 68x, 6Ax, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Kx, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Yx, 6Zx, H2x, H7x, M2x, M4x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 43x, 4Dx, 4Gx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx,
F2x, F4x, F5x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FHx, FLx, FRx, FUx, FVx
v 7465-CTO, 23x, 24x, 2Ex, 2Hx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Zx, 3Mx,
3Vx, D4x, D6x, D7x, D8x, D9x, DBx, DCx, DEx, DFx, DHx, DJx, G9x
v 7466-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 3Ax, 3Dx, 3Gx, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Lx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx,
3Vx, 3Wx, 3Zx, 43x, 44x, 45x, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 54x, 57x, 59x, 5Ax,
5Fx, 5Gx, 5Jx, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 93x, 94x, 95x, 98x, 9Ax, 9Bx,
9Gx, 9Mx, 9Nx, 9Px, 9Qx, 9Rx, 9Wx, 9Xx, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx, FPx, FQx, FRx, FVx,
FWx, FZx, H3x, H4x, H6x, H7x, H8x, H9x, HAx, HBx, HCx, N2x
v 7469-CTO, 52x, 53x, 58x, 5Bx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Jx, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Hx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx,
6Mx, 6Nx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 75x, 76x, 77x, 78x, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Gx, 7Jx, 7Lx, 7Mx, 7Nx,
7Qx, 7Rx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Zx, 83x, 84x, 86x, 8Ax, 8Gx, 8Lx, 8Nx, 8Qx, 8Tx, 8Ux,
8Vx, 8Wx, 95x, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Gx, G3x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx, GCx
v 7470-CTO, 5Gx, 62x, 64x, 69x, 6Dx, 6Gx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Rx, 6Tx, 6Vx, 72x, 74x,
76x, 77x, 8Ux, 8Zx, E2x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
43Y6493 **
194 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 203 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
8 Intel WiFi Link 5300
v 7454-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 27x, 28x, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Qx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 3Qx, 96x,
9Bx, 9Cx
v 7455-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 38x, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Cx, 3Gx, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Sx,
3Tx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 4Ax, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Mx, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Yx, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax,
8Bx, 8Dx, 8Ex, D2x, D3x, D7x, D8x, DCx, DDx, DKx, DLx, DMx, DYx, DZx, FHx, FQx,
N5x
v 7457-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 46x, 47x, 49x, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Rx, 4Sx,
4Tx
v 7458-CTO, 27x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Vx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 52x, 54x, 56x,
58x, 59x, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Fx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 62x, 63x, 64x,
65x, 66x, 67x, 69x, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Yx, 72x, 77x,
79x, 7Dx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Vx, 7Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 86x, 87x,
89x, 8Ax, 8Dx, 8Tx, 8Xx, 8Zx, F8x, F9x, FAx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FJx, FMx, G4x, G5x,
G6x, GBx, GCx, GDx, GEx, GFx, M3x
v 7459-CTO, 5Fx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 69x, 6Cx, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Jx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Sx,
6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, 72x, 75x, E3x, H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, M3x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Zx, FSx, FTx
v 7465-CTO, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Dx, 2Fx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Yx, 3Kx, D2x, D3x
v 7466-CTO, 38x, 39x, 3Bx, 3Cx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Xx, 3Yx, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 55x, 56x,
58x, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Hx, 92x, 96x, 97x, 99x, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Jx, 9Lx, 9Vx, FSx,
FTx, HDx, HEx
v 7469-CTO, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Hx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx,
5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Px, 6Qx,
6Rx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 79x, 7Cx, 7Px, 82x, 85x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx,
8Ex, 8Fx, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Mx, 8Px, 8Rx, 8Sx, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x
v 7470-CTO, 5Hx, 63x, 65x, 68x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Hx, 6Lx, 6Qx, 75x, 8Tx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
43Y6495 **
8 Intel WiMAX/WiFi Link 5150
v 7454-CTO, 3Hx, 3Kx, 3Wx
v 7455-CTO, 4Lx, 8Nx, DSx, DTx
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, FXx, G3x
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO, 3Lx
v 7466-CTO, 46x
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
Japan 60Y3197 **
Other than Japan 43Y6539 **
Parts list 195

--- Page 204 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
8 Intel WiMAX/WiFi Link 5350
v 7454-CTO, 9Fx
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, 7Bx, 8Rx, 8Sx
v 7459-CTO, 6Bx
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO, 7Yx
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
43Y6533 **
8 ThinkPad 11b/g/n Wireless LAN Mini-PCI Express Adapter II
v 7454-CTO, 3Px, 3Tx
v 7455-CTO, 49x, 4Wx, 4Xx, 83x, 84x, DEx, DFx, DHx, DUx, DWx, N2x, N3x, N4x
v 7457-CTO, 52x, 55x
v 7458-CTO, 22x
v 7459-CTO, 73x, 74x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx,
2Hx, F8x, F9x, FFx, FGx, FJx, FKx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx
v 7465-CTO, 3Jx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, DAx, DDx, DGx,
DKx, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x
v 7466-CTO, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Yx,
4Zx, 52x, 53x, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Tx, 9Hx, 9Kx, 9Sx, 9Tx, 9Ux, 9Yx, 9Zx,
DLx, DMx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FNx, FUx, H2x,
H5x
v 7469-CTO, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 7Bx, 7Fx, 7Hx, 7Kx, 7Xx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, 9Ax, 9Bx,
E2x, G2x, G4x, G5x, G6x
v 7470-CTO, 6Px, 6Sx, 73x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-CTO, 23x, 24x, 27x, 2Bx, 2Cx, JAx
v 3323-CTO, 42x, 44x, 49x, 4Cx, 4Ex, 4Gx, 4Mx, 4Wx, 52x, 5Cx, 5Dx, 9Ax, KRx, KWx,
KZx, L2x, L4x, L7x, L8x, LBx, LCx, LEx, LFx, R2x
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO, P2x
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO, 42x
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
43Y6553 N
196 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 205 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
8 ThinkPad 11b/g/n Wireless LAN Mini-PCI Express Adapter II
v 7454-CTO, 3Px, 3Tx
v 7455-CTO, 49x, 4Wx, 4Xx, 83x, 84x, DEx, DFx, DHx, DUx, DWx, N2x, N3x, N4x
v 7457-CTO, 52x, 55x
v 7458-CTO, 22x
v 7459-CTO, 73x, 74x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx,
2Hx, F8x, F9x, FFx, FGx, FJx, FKx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx
v 7465-CTO, 3Jx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, DAx, DDx, DGx,
DKx, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x
v 7466-CTO, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Yx,
4Zx, 52x, 53x, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Tx, 9Hx, 9Kx, 9Sx, 9Tx, 9Ux, 9Yx, 9Zx,
DLx, DMx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FNx, FUx, H2x,
H5x
v 7469-CTO, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 7Bx, 7Fx, 7Hx, 7Kx, 7Xx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, 9Ax, 9Bx,
E2x, G2x, G4x, G5x, G6x
v 7470-CTO, 6Px, 6Sx, 73x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-CTO, 23x, 24x, 27x, 2Bx, 2Cx, JAx
v 3323-CTO, 42x, 44x, 49x, 4Cx, 4Ex, 4Gx, 4Mx, 4Wx, 52x, 5Cx, 5Dx, 9Ax, KRx, KWx,
KZx, L2x, L4x, L7x, L8x, LBx, LCx, LEx, LFx, R2x
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO, P2x
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO, 42x
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
60Y3177 N
Parts list 197

--- Page 206 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
8 Intel Centrino Advanced-N 6200
v 3249-CTO, 22x, 25x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Gx, 2Hx, 2Kx, J7x
v 3323-CTO, 45x, 48x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Lx, 4Px, 4Rx, 4Zx, 54x, 55x, 56x, 58x, 59x, 5Ex, 5Fx,
5Gx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Wx, 5Yx, 63x, 64x, 67x, 68x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Fx, 6Gx,
6Kx, 6Lx, 6Px, 6Rx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Zx, 72x, 75x, 76x, 79x, 7Ax, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Hx, 7Jx, 86x, 88x,
89x, 8Kx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, 92x, 93x, 94x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 9Bx, 9Dx, 9Ex,
9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, K2x, K3x, K4x, K5x, K6x, K7x, K9x, KAx, KCx, KDx, KEx, KFx, KGx,
KHx, KJx, KTx, L5x, L6x, LAx
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO, 11x, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F9x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FFx, FHx, FKx,
FMx, FNx, FPx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, GFx, GHx, GHx, GKx, GLx,
GMx, GNx, GPx, GTx, H2x, H3x, N2x
v 3680-CTO, P4x, P5x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx, 11x, P7x, P8x, P9x, PAx, PDx, PEx, N2x
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO, 72x, 73x
v 5143-CTO, 22x, 24x, 26x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Wx,
2Yx, 33x, 34x, 37x, 38x, 3Ux, 3Wx, 3Zx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Hx
v 5385-CTO, D4x
v 5397-CTO, F4x, F5x, F9x, FAx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FKx, FMx, FNx, FSx, FUx, FWx,
FYx, G2x, G4x, G6x, G7x, GAx
v 5413-CTO, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, L2x, L4x
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
60Y3231 N
8 Intel Centrino Ultimate-N 6300
v 3249-CTO, 28x, 2Lx
v 3323-CTO, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Yx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Wx, 7Xx, 84x, 8Ax, 8Dx, 8Ex,
8Gx, 8Lx, 8Nx, KLx, KUx, KVx, LDx
v 3357-CTO, D3x, D4x, D5x, D6x, D7x
v 3626-CTO, F8x, FZx, G3x, GAx, GJx, GJx, GRx, GSx, GUx, GVx, GWx, GXx, GYx, GZx,
H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, R3x
v 3680-CTO, P6x, F7x, PBx, PCx, PFx, PGx, PHx, PJx
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO, 23x, 25x, 27x, 3Vx, 3Yx, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Jx
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO, F6x, F7x, F8x, FBx, FCx, FPx, FRx, G3x, G5x, G8x, G9x
v 5413-CTO, L3x, L5x
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
60Y3233 N
198 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 207 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
8 Intel Centrino Advanced-N + WiMAX 6250
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO, 43x, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Px, 5Rx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Zx, 62x, 65x, 66x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Hx, 6Jx, 6Mx, 6Nx,
6Sx, 6Tx, 6Wx, 6Yx, 73x, 74x, 77x, 78x, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Fx, 7Gx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Px, 7Rx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Zx, 83x, 8Bx,
8Cx
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO, FEx, FGx, FJx, FLx
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO, R1x
v 5143-CTO, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Fx, 2Gx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Px, 2Rx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Zx, 32x, 35x, 36x, 39x, 3Ax
v 5385-CTO, D2x, D3x
v 5397-CTO, F2x, F3x, FHx, FJx, FTx, FVx, FXx, FZx
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
Russia 60Y3209 N
Other than Russia 60Y3195 N
9 I/O card assembly with modem connector, with 5-in-1 Media Card Reader slot
v 7454-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Gx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px,
2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Yx, 2Zx, 32x, 33x, 34x, 36x, 38x, 3Lx, 3Mx,
3Nx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 93x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Fx, 9Gx,
9Hx, 9Jx, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GBx, GEx, GKx, GLx, GMx
v 7455-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 36x, 38x, 39x, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Cx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Hx, 3Jx,
3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 42x, 43x, 44x,
45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx,
4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 86x,
87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px,
8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, D2x, D3x, D5x, D6x, D7x, D8x, D9x,
DBx, DCx, DDx, DFx, DHx, DJx, DKx, DLx, DMx, DNx, DPx, DQx, DRx, DSx, DTx,
DUx, DVx, DWx, DXx, DYx, DZx, F2x, F7x, F9x, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx,
FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FRx, FSx, FYx, FZx, N2x, N3x, N4x, N5x, P2x, P3x,
P4x, P5x, P6x, P7x, PAx, PBx, PCx, PDx, PEx, PFx, PGx, PHx, PJx
v 7457-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx,
4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx
v 7458-CTO, 22x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Kx, 2Lx,
2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Vx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 59x,
5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 62x,
63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px,
6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 76x, 77x, 79x, 7Bx,
7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx, 7Gx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Qx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx,
7Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx,
8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, E2x, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F8x,
F9x, FAx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FSx, FTx,
FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GBx, GCx, GDx, GEx,
GFx, M2x, M3x, X4x, X5x
v 7459-CTO, 5Fx, 63x, 64x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Jx, 6Kx,
6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, E3x, H2x,
H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, M2x, M3x, M4x
v
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
(continued)
42W8011 N
Parts list 199

--- Page 208 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
9 (continued)
I/O card assembly with modem connector, with 5-in-1 Media Card Reader slot
v 7462-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Gx, 2Hx, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x,
47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px,
4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FHx,
FLx, FQx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx
v 7465-CTO, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Mx,
2Nx, 2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Yx, 2Zx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Rx,
3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, D2x, D3x, D6x, D7x, D8x, D9x, DAx, DBx, DCx, DDx,
DEx, DFx, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx
v 7466-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 38x, 39x, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Cx, 3Dx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Hx, 3Jx,
3Lx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x,
47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx,
4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax,
5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx,
5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 92x, 93x, 94x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Cx, 9Dx,
9Ex, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Jx, 9Lx, 9Mx, 9Nx, 9Px, 9Qx, 9Rx, 9Tx, 9Ux, 9Vx, 9Wx, 9Xx, 9Yx, 9Zx,
DLx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx,
FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx,
H2x, H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, H8x, H9x, HBx, HCx, HDx, HEx, N2x
v 7469-CTO, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx,
5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 62x, 63x, 64x,
65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx,
6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x,
78x, 79x, 7Ax, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Gx, 7Jx, 7Lx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Qx, 7Rx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Ux,
7Vx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx,
8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, 93x,
94x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Gx, E2x, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x,
G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx, GCx
v 7470-CTO, 5Gx, 5Hx, 62x, 63x, 65x, 68x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx,
6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Vx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 8Tx,
8Ux, 8Zx, E2x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42W8011 N
9 I/O card assembly without modem connector, with 3-in-1 Media Card Reader slot
v 7454-CTO, 2Hx, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Tx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 92x, 9Lx, G2x, G3x, GCx, GDx, GFx,
GGx, GHx, GJx, GNx, GPx
v 7455-CTO, 3Dx, 3Px, DAx, DEx, DGx, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx,
P9x
v 7457-CTO, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Gx, 4Hx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x
v 7458-CTO, 78x, 7Rx, 7Wx, 7Xx, 7Yx, 8Dx, 8Qx, F6x, F7x
v 7459-CTO, 5Ex, 62x, 65x, 69x, 6Lx, 6Ux
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 42x, 4Wx, F5x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FJx,
FKx, FMx, FNx, FPx
v 7465-CTO, 2Wx, 2Xx, 3Sx, 3Tx, D4x, DGx, DHx, DJx, DKx
v 7466-CTO, 3Kx, 3Mx, 9Bx, 9Hx, 9Kx, 9Sx, DMx, HAx
v 7469-CTO, 58x, 5Ex, 5Fx, 7Fx, 7Hx, 7Kx, 7Px, 7Xx, 8Lx
v 7470-CTO, 64x, 69x, 6Ux
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42W8012 N
200 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 209 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
9 I/O card assembly with modem connector, with 5-in-1 Media Card Reader slot
v 3249-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx,
2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Lx, 2Mx, J2x, J3x, J4x, J5x, J6x, J7x, J8x, J9x, JAx
v 3323-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx,
4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 52x, 53x, 54x,
55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx,
5Nx, 5Px, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 69x,
6Ax, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx,
6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 78x, 79x, 7Ax, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx,
7Ex, 7Fx, 7Gx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Rx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Wx, 7Xx,
7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Jx,
8Kx, 8Lx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, 92x, 93x, 94x, 95x,
96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, K2x, K3x, K4x, K5x, K6x,
K7x, K8x, K9x, KAx, KCx, KDx, KEx, KFx, KGx, KHx, KJx, KLx, KMx, KNx, KPx, KRx,
KSx, KTx, KUx, KVx, KWx, KYx, KZx, L2x, L3x, L4x, L5x, L6x, L7x, L8x, LAx, LBx,
LCx, LDx, LEx, LFx, R2x
v 3357-CTO, D2x, D3x, D4x, D5x, D6x, D7x
v 3626-CTO, 11x, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx,
FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FNx, FPx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FZx, G2x, G3x, G4x,
G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx, GCx, GDx, GEx, GFx, GHx, GHx, GJx, GJx, GKx,
GLx, GMx, GNx, GPx, GRx, GSx, GTx, GUx, GVx, GWx, GXx, GYx, GZx, H2x, H3x,
H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, R3x, N2x
v 3680-CTO, 11x, P2x, P3x, P4x, P5x, P6x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx, P7x, P8x, P9x, PAx,
PBx, PCx, PDx, PEx, PFx, PGx, PHx, PJx, N2x
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO, 72x, 73x, R1x
v 5143-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx,
2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Yx, 2Zx, 32x, 33x,
34x, 35x, 36x, 37x, 38x, 39x, 3Ax, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x,
48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Gx, 4Hx, 4Jx
v 5385-CTO, D2x, D3x, D4x
v 5397-CTO, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx,
FHx, FJx, FNx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x,
G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx
v 5413-CTO, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, L2x, L3x, L4x, L5x
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
60Y5407 N
9 I/O card assembly without modem connector, with 3-in-1 Media Card Reader slot
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
60Y5408 N
10 DC-in cable assembly 44C5396 N
Parts list 201

--- Page 210 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
11 Battery pack, 4 cell, 47
v 7454-CTO, 26x, 29x, 2Lx, 2Qx, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Yx, 3Rx, 95x, 97x, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Fx, G4x, G5x,
G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GLx, GMx
v 7455-CTO, 36x, 3Kx, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px,
8Nx, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, D6x, DSx, DTx, FZx, P2x, P3x, P4x, P5x
v 7457-CTO, 45x, 48x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Gx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx,
4Wx
v 7458-CTO, 24x, 25x, 2Fx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 54x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Jx, 69x,
7Fx, 7Gx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Mx, 7Sx, 7Wx, 7Xx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 8Ex, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x,
F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FHx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FYx, G3x
v 7459-CTO, 5Ex, 62x, 67x, 69x, 6Gx, 6Vx, 6Xx, H3x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 42x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 4Jx, 4Mx, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx,
F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx,
FLx, FNx, FPx, FRx, FSx
v 7465-CTO, 23x, 24x, 2Ex, 2Hx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Zx, 3Mx,
3Nx, 3Px, 3Rx, 3Vx, 3Wx, D4x, G5x, G6x, G7x
v 7466-CTO, 34x, 35x, 3Ax, 3Dx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 45x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex,
4Fx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Yx, 4Zx, 52x, 59x,
5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Vx, 5Zx,
93x, 94x, 95x, 96x, 9Bx, 9Hx, 9Jx, 9Yx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F9x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx,
FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FVx, H5x, H6x, H7x, H8x, H9x, HAx, HBx
v 7469-CTO, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Kx, 5Rx, 62x, 63x, 64x,
65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Cx, 6Dx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx, 7Gx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx,
7Px, 7Xx, 7Zx, 86x, 89x, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Lx, 8Px, 8Sx, E2x, G2x, G4x
v 7470-CTO, 5Gx, 5Hx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Dx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Mx, 6Px, 6Ux, 72x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-CTO, J7x, JAx
v 3323-CTO, 42x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux,
5Vx, 5Wx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx,
6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 72x,
73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 78x, 79x, 7Ax, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx, 7Gx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx,
7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Rx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Wx, 7Xx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 8Wx,
8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, 92x, 93x, 94x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx
v 3357-CTO, D7x
v 3626-CTO, F9x, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, GKx, H2x
v 3680-CTO, F8x, PDx
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO, 73x, R1x
v 5143-CTO, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px,
2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Yx, 2Zx, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 36x, 37x, 38x, 39x, 3Ax, 44x,
45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Hx
v 5385-CTO, D2x, D3x, D4x
v 5397-CTO, F2x, F3x, FDx, FHx, FJx, FMx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx,
GAx
v 5413-CTO, FDx
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
42T4646 *
202 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 211 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
11 Battery pack, 6cell, 47+
v 7454-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 27x, 28x, 2Gx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Rx, 2Sx,
2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Zx, 32x, 33x, 34x, 36x, 38x, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Qx,
3Sx, 3Tx, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 92x, 93x, 96x, 98x, 9Gx, 9Hx, 9Jx, 9Lx, G2x, G3x,
GBx, GCx, GDx, GEx, GFx, GGx, GHx, GJx, GKx, GNx, GPx
v 7455-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 38x, 39x, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Cx, 3Dx, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Lx,
3Mx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x,
47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x,
85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Mx,
8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, D2x, D3x, D7x, D8x, D9x, DAx, DBx, DCx, DDx, DEx,
DFx, DGx, DHx, DJx, DKx, DLx, DMx, DNx, DPx, DQx, DRx, DUx, DVx, DWx, DXx,
DYx, DZx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F9x, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx,
FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, N2x, N3x, N4x,
N5x, P6x, P7x, P9x, PAx, PBx, PCx, PDx, PEx, PFx, PGx, PHx, PJx
v 7457-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 46x, 47x, 49x, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 52x, 53x,
54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x
v 7458-CTO, 22x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Vx, 4Xx,
4Yx, 52x, 53x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 62x, 63x, 64x,
65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx,
6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, 6Zx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 76x, 77x, 78x, 79x, 7Bx, 7Ex, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Qx,
7Rx, 7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 82x, 83x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx,
8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, E2x, FAx, FCx, FDx, FEx,
FFx, FGx, FJx, FKx, FQx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, G4x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x,
GBx, GCx, GDx, GEx, GFx, M2x, M3x, X4x, X5x
v 7459-CTO, 5Fx, 63x, 68x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx,
6Rx, 6Yx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, M2x, M3x, M4x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx,
2Hx, 43x, 44x, 45x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Nx, 4Px,
4Zx, FKx, FMx, FQx, FTx, FUx, FVx
v 7465-CTO, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Dx, 2Fx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Yx, 3Jx, 3Kx,
3Lx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, G2x, G3x, G4x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx, D2x, D3x, D6x,
D7x, D8x, D9x, DAx, DBx, DCx, DDx, DEx, DFx, DGx, DHx, DJx, DKx
v 7466-CTO, 32x, 33x, 38x, 39x, 3Bx, 3Cx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx,
3Yx, 43x, 46x, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Wx,
5Xx, 5Yx, 99x, 9Ax, 9Dx, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Kx, 9Lx, 9Mx, 9Nx, 9Px, 9Qx, 9Rx, 9Sx, 9Tx, 9Ux,
9Vx, 9Wx, 9Xx, 9Zx, DLx, DMx, F7x, F8x, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FRx,
FSx, FTx, FUx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx, N2x, H2x, H3x, H4x, HEx
v 7469-CTO, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Qx, 5Sx, 5Ux, 5Wx, 5Xx, 5Yx, 6Bx,
6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Rx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Zx, 72x, 73x,
74x, 77x, 79x, 7Ax, 7Bx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Yx, 83x, 85x, 87x, 88x, 8Bx, 8Kx, 8Rx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx,
8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, 93x, 94x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Gx,
G3x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GBx, GCx
v 7470-CTO, 65x, 68x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Hx, 6Lx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Vx, 73x, 74x, 75x,
76x, 77x, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Zx, E2x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
(continued)
42T4647 *
Parts list 203

--- Page 212 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
11 (continued) Battery pack, 6cell, 47+
v 3249-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx,
2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Lx, 2Mx, J2x, J3x, J4x, J5x, J6x, J8x, J9x
v 3323-CTO, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx, 4Jx,
4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x,
59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex,
8Fx, 8Gx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, K2x,
K3x, K4x, K5x, K6x, K7x, K8x, K9x, KAx, KCx, KDx, KEx, KFx, KGx, KHx, KJx, KLx,
KMx, KNx, KPx, KRx, KSx, KTx, KUx, KVx, KWx, KYx, KZx, L2x, L3x, L4x, L5x, L6x,
L7x, L8x, LAx, LBx, LCx, LDx, LEx, LFx, R2x
v 3357-CTO, D2x, D3x, D4x, D5x, D6x
v 3626-CTO, 11x, F2x, F3x, F4x, F6x, F7x, FAx, FCx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FVx,
FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx, GCx, GDx,
GEx, GFx, GHx, GHx, GJx, GJx, GLx, GMx, GNx, GPx, GTx, GUx, GVx, GYx, GZx,
H3x, H6x, R3x, N2x
v 3680-CTO, P2x, P3x, P4x, P5x, P6x, F9x, FBx, 11x, P7x, P8x, P9x, PAx, PBx, PCx, PEx,
PGx, PHx, N2x
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 42x, 43x, 4Gx, 4Jx
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F9x, FAx, FBx, FFx, FGx, FKx, FNx, FPx, FRx, G2x, G3x,
G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x
v 5413-CTO, FFx, FGx, L2x, L3x, L4x
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
42T4647 *
204 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 213 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
11 Battery pack, 6cell, 47+
v 7454-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 27x, 28x, 2Gx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Rx, 2Sx,
2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Zx, 32x, 33x, 34x, 36x, 38x, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Qx,
3Sx, 3Tx, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 92x, 93x, 96x, 98x, 9Gx, 9Hx, 9Jx, 9Lx, G2x, G3x,
GBx, GCx, GDx, GEx, GFx, GGx, GHx, GJx, GKx, GNx, GPx
v 7455-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 38x, 39x, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Cx, 3Dx, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Lx,
3Mx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x,
47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x,
85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Mx,
8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, D2x, D3x, D7x, D8x, D9x, DAx, DBx, DCx, DDx, DEx,
DFx, DGx, DHx, DJx, DKx, DLx, DMx, DNx, DPx, DQx, DRx, DUx, DVx, DWx, DXx,
DYx, DZx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F9x, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx,
FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, N2x, N3x, N4x,
N5x, P6x, P7x, P9x, PAx, PBx, PCx, PDx, PEx, PFx, PGx, PHx, PJx
v 7457-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 46x, 47x, 49x, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 52x, 53x,
54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x
v 7458-CTO, 22x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Vx, 4Xx,
4Yx, 52x, 53x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 62x, 63x, 64x,
65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx,
6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, 6Zx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 76x, 77x, 78x, 79x, 7Bx, 7Ex, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Qx,
7Rx, 7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 82x, 83x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx,
8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, E2x, FAx, FCx, FDx, FEx,
FFx, FGx, FJx, FKx, FQx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, G4x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x,
GBx, GCx, GDx, GEx, GFx, M2x, M3x, X4x, X5x
v 7459-CTO, 5Fx, 63x, 68x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx,
6Rx, 6Yx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, M2x, M3x, M4x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx,
2Hx, 43x, 44x, 45x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Nx, 4Px,
4Zx, FKx, FMx, FQx, FTx, FUx, FVx
v 7465-CTO, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Dx, 2Fx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Yx, 3Jx, 3Kx,
3Lx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, G2x, G3x, G4x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx, D2x, D3x, D6x,
D7x, D8x, D9x, DAx, DBx, DCx, DDx, DEx, DFx, DGx, DHx, DJx, DKx
v 7466-CTO, 32x, 33x, 38x, 39x, 3Bx, 3Cx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx,
3Yx, 43x, 46x, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Wx,
5Xx, 5Yx, 99x, 9Ax, 9Dx, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Kx, 9Lx, 9Mx, 9Nx, 9Px, 9Qx, 9Rx, 9Sx, 9Tx, 9Ux,
9Vx, 9Wx, 9Xx, 9Zx, DLx, DMx, F7x, F8x, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FRx,
FSx, FTx, FUx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx, N2x, H2x, H3x, H4x, HEx
v 7469-CTO, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Qx, 5Sx, 5Ux, 5Wx, 5Xx, 5Yx, 6Bx,
6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Rx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Zx, 72x, 73x,
74x, 77x, 79x, 7Ax, 7Bx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Yx, 83x, 85x, 87x, 88x, 8Bx, 8Kx, 8Rx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx,
8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, 93x, 94x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Gx,
G3x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GBx, GCx
v 7470-CTO, 65x, 68x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Hx, 6Lx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Vx, 73x, 74x, 75x,
76x, 77x, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Zx, E2x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
(continued)
42T4648 *
Parts list 205

--- Page 214 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
11 (continued)
Battery pack, 6cell, 47+
v 3249-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx,
2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Lx, 2Mx, J2x, J3x, J4x, J5x, J6x, J8x, J9x
v 3323-CTO, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx, 4Jx,
4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x,
59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex,
8Fx, 8Gx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, K2x,
K3x, K4x, K5x, K6x, K7x, K8x, K9x, KAx, KCx, KDx, KEx, KFx, KGx, KHx, KJx, KLx,
KMx, KNx, KPx, KRx, KSx, KTx, KUx, KVx, KWx, KYx, KZx, L2x, L3x, L4x, L5x, L6x,
L7x, L8x, LAx, LBx, LCx, LDx, LEx, LFx, R2x
v 3357-CTO, D2x, D3x, D4x, D5x, D6x
v 3626-CTO, 11x, F2x, F3x, F4x, F6x, F7x, FAx, FCx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FVx,
FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx, GCx, GDx,
GEx, GFx, GHx, GHx, GJx, GJx, GLx, GMx, GNx, GPx, GTx, GUx, GVx, GYx, GZx,
H3x, H6x, R3x, N2x
v 3680-CTO, P2x, P3x, P4x, P5x, P6x, F9x, FBx, 11x, P7x, P8x, P9x, PAx, PBx, PCx, PEx,
PGx, PHx, N2x
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 42x, 43x, 4Gx, 4Jx
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F9x, FAx, FBx, FFx, FGx, FKx, FNx, FPx, FRx, G2x, G3x,
G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x
v 5413-CTO, FFx, FGx, L2x, L3x, L4x
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
42T4648 *
11 Battery pack, 9 cell, 47++
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO, 3Ex, 3Qx, D5x, FKx
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, 2Ex, 58x, 5Fx, 5Hx, 5Px, 6Lx, 6Px, 6Yx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 84x, 89x, 8Ax, G5x
v 7459-CTO, 64x, 65x, 66x, 6Ax, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Wx, 6Zx, E3x, H2x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Zx, 44x, 92x, 97x, 98x, 9Cx, 9Ex, HCx,
HDx
v 7469-CTO, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Tx, 5Vx, 5Zx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 75x, 76x, 78x, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Qx,
7Rx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 82x, 84x, 8Ax, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Jx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Qx, GAx
v 7470-CTO, 6Gx, 6Nx, 6Qx
v
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T4649 *
206 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 215 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
11 Battery pack, 9 cell, 47++
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO, 3Ex, 3Qx, D5x, FKx
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, 2Ex, 58x, 5Fx, 5Hx, 5Px, 6Lx, 6Px, 6Yx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 84x, 89x, 8Ax, G5x
v 7459-CTO, 64x, 65x, 66x, 6Ax, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Wx, 6Zx, E3x, H2x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Zx, 44x, 92x, 97x, 98x, 9Cx, 9Ex, HCx,
HDx
v 7469-CTO, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Tx, 5Vx, 5Zx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 75x, 76x, 78x, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Qx,
7Rx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 82x, 84x, 8Ax, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Jx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Qx, GAx
v 7470-CTO, 6Gx, 6Nx, 6Qx
v
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T4650 *
11 Battery pack, 9 cell, 47++
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO, F5x, F8x, FBx, FUx, GRx, GXx, H4x, H7x
v 3680-CTO, F7x, FAx, PFx
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO, 72x
v 5143-CTO
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO, F8x, FEx
v 5413-CTO, FEx
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
42T4694 *
11 Battery pack, 9 cell, 47++
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO, F5x, F8x, FBx, FUx, GRx, GXx, H4x, H7x
v 3680-CTO, F7x, FAx, PFx
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO, 72x
v 5143-CTO
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO, F8x, FEx
v 5413-CTO, FEx
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
42T4696 *
Parts list 207

--- Page 216 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
11 Battery pack, 9 cell,
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO, GSx, GWx, H5x
v 3680-CTO, PJx
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO, L5x
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO, FCx
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
42T4823 *
11 Battery pack, 9 cell,
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO, GSx, GWx, H5x
v 3680-CTO, PJx
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO, L5x
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO, FCx
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
42T4825 *
12 Hard disk drive rubber rails 41V9756 *
13 SATA hard disk drive, 80 GB, 5,400 rpm OP
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO, 4Gx
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO, 6Kx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
39T2885 **
208 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 217 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
13 SATA hard disk drive, 80 GB, 5,400 rpm OP
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO, 4Gx
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO, 6Kx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T1491 **
13 SATA hard disk drive, 80 GB, 5,400 rpm
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO, 4Gx
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO, 6Kx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T1305 **
13 SATA hard disk drive, 80 GB, 5,400 rpm
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO, 4Gx
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO, 6Kx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T1575 **
Parts list 209

--- Page 218 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
13 SATA hard disk drive, 160 GB, 5,400 rpm OP
v 7454-CTO, 25x, 26x, 29x, 2Lx, 2Nx, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Xx, 2Yx, 32x, 33x, 92x, 95x,
97x, 98x, 9Fx, 9Hx, 9Lx, G6x, G7x, GDx
v 7455-CTO, 35x, 36x, 39x, 3Ax, 3Dx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Px, 3Wx, D9x, DHx, F7x, F9x
v 7457-CTO, 45x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Hx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Vx
v 7458-CTO, 2Rx, 52x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 59x, 5Dx, 5Jx, 5Px, 5Tx, 69x, 72x, 74x, 79x, 7Fx, 7Mx,
7Nx, 7Qx, 7Sx, 7Wx, 7x,x, 84x, 87x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Nx, 8Qx,
FGx, FNx, FSx, X4x, X5x
v 7459-CTO, 5Ex, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Bx, 6Dx, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Jx, 6Lx, 6Qx, 6Wx, H3x, H4x, H5x,
M4x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 42x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Qx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Xx, 4Yx, F6x,
FBx, FJx, FLx, FNx, FQx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx
v 7465-CTO, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx,
3Nx, 3Px, 3Rx, 3Wx, D8x, D9x, DCx, DDx, DFx, DGx, DKx, G5x, G6x
v 7466-CTO, 34x, 35x, 38x, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Hx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 99x, 9Kx, 9Rx, 9Xx, HCx,
HDx, HEx
v 7469-CTO, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 5Ax, 5Cx, 5Ex, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 77x, 78x,
7Cx, 7Dx, 7Nx, 7Qx, 7Yx, 8Ux, 8Zx, GBx, GCx
v 7470-CTO, 5Gx, 5Hx, 62x, 65x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Dx, 6Hx, 6Lx, 6Rx, 6Sx, E2x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
39T2899 **
13 SATA hard disk drive, 160 GB, 5,400 rpm OP
v 7454-CTO, 25x, 26x, 29x, 2Lx, 2Nx, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Xx, 2Yx, 32x, 33x, 92x, 95x,
97x, 98x, 9Fx, 9Hx, 9Lx, G6x, G7x, GDx
v 7455-CTO, 35x, 36x, 39x, 3Ax, 3Dx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Px, 3Wx, D9x, DHx, F7x, F9x
v 7457-CTO, 45x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Hx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Vx
v 7458-CTO, 2Rx, 52x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 59x, 5Dx, 5Jx, 5Px, 5Tx, 69x, 72x, 74x, 79x, 7Fx, 7Mx,
7Nx, 7Qx, 7Sx, 7Wx, 7x,x, 84x, 87x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Nx, 8Qx,
FGx, FNx, FSx, X4x, X5x
v 7459-CTO, 5Ex, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Bx, 6Dx, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Jx, 6Lx, 6Qx, 6Wx, H3x, H4x, H5x,
M4x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 42x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Qx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Xx, 4Yx, F6x,
FBx, FJx, FLx, FNx, FQx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx
v 7465-CTO, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx,
3Nx, 3Px, 3Rx, 3Wx, D8x, D9x, DCx, DDx, DFx, DGx, DKx, G5x, G6x
v 7466-CTO, 34x, 35x, 38x, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Hx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 99x, 9Kx, 9Rx, 9Xx, HCx,
HDx, HEx
v 7469-CTO, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 5Ax, 5Cx, 5Ex, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 77x, 78x,
7Cx, 7Dx, 7Nx, 7Qx, 7Yx, 8Ux, 8Zx, GBx, GCx
v 7470-CTO, 5Gx, 5Hx, 62x, 65x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Dx, 6Hx, 6Lx, 6Rx, 6Sx, E2x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T1501 **
210 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 219 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
13 SATA hard disk drive, 160 GB, 5,400 rpm
v 7454-CTO, 25x, 26x, 29x, 2Lx, 2Nx, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Xx, 2Yx, 32x, 33x, 92x, 95x,
97x, 98x, 9Fx, 9Hx, 9Lx, G6x, G7x, GDx
v 7455-CTO, 35x, 36x, 39x, 3Ax, 3Dx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Px, 3Wx, D9x, DHx, F7x, F9x
v 7457-CTO, 45x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Hx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Vx
v 7458-CTO, 2Rx, 52x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 59x, 5Dx, 5Jx, 5Px, 5Tx, 69x, 72x, 74x, 79x, 7Fx, 7Mx,
7Nx, 7Qx, 7Sx, 7Wx, 7x,x, 84x, 87x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Nx, 8Qx,
FGx, FNx, FSx, X4x, X5x
v 7459-CTO, 5Ex, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Bx, 6Dx, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Jx, 6Lx, 6Qx, 6Wx, H3x, H4x, H5x,
M4x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 42x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Qx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Xx, 4Yx, F6x,
FBx, FJx, FLx, FNx, FQx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx
v 7465-CTO, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx,
3Nx, 3Px, 3Rx, 3Wx, D8x, D9x, DCx, DDx, DFx, DGx, DKx, G5x, G6x
v 7466-CTO, 34x, 35x, 38x, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Hx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 99x, 9Kx, 9Rx, 9Xx, HCx,
HDx, HEx
v 7469-CTO, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 5Ax, 5Cx, 5Ex, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 77x, 78x,
7Cx, 7Dx, 7Nx, 7Qx, 7Yx, 8Ux, 8Zx, GBx, GCx
v 7470-CTO, 5Gx, 5Hx, 62x, 65x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Dx, 6Hx, 6Lx, 6Rx, 6Sx, E2x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T1309 **
13 SATA hard disk drive, 160 GB, 5,400 rpm
v 7454-CTO, 25x, 26x, 29x, 2Lx, 2Nx, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Xx, 2Yx, 32x, 33x, 92x, 95x,
97x, 98x, 9Fx, 9Hx, 9Lx, G6x, G7x, GDx
v 7455-CTO, 35x, 36x, 39x, 3Ax, 3Dx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Px, 3Wx, D9x, DHx, F7x, F9x
v 7457-CTO, 45x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Hx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Vx
v 7458-CTO, 2Rx, 52x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 59x, 5Dx, 5Jx, 5Px, 5Tx, 69x, 72x, 74x, 79x, 7Fx, 7Mx,
7Nx, 7Qx, 7Sx, 7Wx, 7x,x, 84x, 87x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Nx, 8Qx,
FGx, FNx, FSx, X4x, X5x
v 7459-CTO, 5Ex, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Bx, 6Dx, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Jx, 6Lx, 6Qx, 6Wx, H3x, H4x, H5x,
M4x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 42x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Qx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Xx, 4Yx, F6x,
FBx, FJx, FLx, FNx, FQx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx
v 7465-CTO, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx,
3Nx, 3Px, 3Rx, 3Wx, D8x, D9x, DCx, DDx, DFx, DGx, DKx, G5x, G6x
v 7466-CTO, 34x, 35x, 38x, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Hx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 99x, 9Kx, 9Rx, 9Xx, HCx,
HDx, HEx
v 7469-CTO, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 5Ax, 5Cx, 5Ex, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 77x, 78x,
7Cx, 7Dx, 7Nx, 7Qx, 7Yx, 8Ux, 8Zx, GBx, GCx
v 7470-CTO, 5Gx, 5Hx, 62x, 65x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Dx, 6Hx, 6Lx, 6Rx, 6Sx, E2x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T1579 **
Parts list 211

--- Page 220 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
13 SATA hard disk drive, 160 GB, 5,400 rpm
v 7454-CTO, 25x, 26x, 29x, 2Lx, 2Nx, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Xx, 2Yx, 32x, 33x, 92x, 95x,
97x, 98x, 9Fx, 9Hx, 9Lx, G6x, G7x, GDx
v 7455-CTO, 35x, 36x, 39x, 3Ax, 3Dx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Px, 3Wx, D9x, DHx, F7x, F9x
v 7457-CTO, 45x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Hx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Vx
v 7458-CTO, 2Rx, 52x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 59x, 5Dx, 5Jx, 5Px, 5Tx, 69x, 72x, 74x, 79x, 7Fx, 7Mx,
7Nx, 7Qx, 7Sx, 7Wx, 7x,x, 84x, 87x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Nx, 8Qx,
FGx, FNx, FSx, X4x, X5x
v 7459-CTO, 5Ex, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Bx, 6Dx, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Jx, 6Lx, 6Qx, 6Wx, H3x, H4x, H5x,
M4x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 42x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Qx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Xx, 4Yx, F6x,
FBx, FJx, FLx, FNx, FQx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx
v 7465-CTO, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx,
3Nx, 3Px, 3Rx, 3Wx, D8x, D9x, DCx, DDx, DFx, DGx, DKx, G5x, G6x
v 7466-CTO, 34x, 35x, 38x, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Hx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 99x, 9Kx, 9Rx, 9Xx, HCx,
HDx, HEx
v 7469-CTO, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 5Ax, 5Cx, 5Ex, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 77x, 78x,
7Cx, 7Dx, 7Nx, 7Qx, 7Yx, 8Ux, 8Zx, GBx, GCx
v 7470-CTO, 5Gx, 5Hx, 62x, 65x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Dx, 6Hx, 6Lx, 6Rx, 6Sx, E2x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO, 56x
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO, GLx, H2x
v 3680-CTO, PDx
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO, F4x, F9x
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
45N7215 **
212 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 221 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
13 SATA hard disk drive, 160 GB, 5,400 rpm
v 7454-CTO, 25x, 26x, 29x, 2Lx, 2Nx, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Xx, 2Yx, 32x, 33x, 92x, 95x,
97x, 98x, 9Fx, 9Hx, 9Lx, G6x, G7x, GDx
v 7455-CTO, 35x, 36x, 39x, 3Ax, 3Dx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Px, 3Wx, D9x, DHx, F7x, F9x
v 7457-CTO, 45x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Hx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Vx
v 7458-CTO, 2Rx, 52x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 59x, 5Dx, 5Jx, 5Px, 5Tx, 69x, 72x, 74x, 79x, 7Fx, 7Mx,
7Nx, 7Qx, 7Sx, 7Wx, 7x,x, 84x, 87x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Nx, 8Qx,
FGx, FNx, FSx, X4x, X5x
v 7459-CTO, 5Ex, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Bx, 6Dx, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Jx, 6Lx, 6Qx, 6Wx, H3x, H4x, H5x,
M4x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 42x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Qx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Xx, 4Yx, F6x,
FBx, FJx, FLx, FNx, FQx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx
v 7465-CTO, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx,
3Nx, 3Px, 3Rx, 3Wx, D8x, D9x, DCx, DDx, DFx, DGx, DKx, G5x, G6x
v 7466-CTO, 34x, 35x, 38x, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Hx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 99x, 9Kx, 9Rx, 9Xx, HCx,
HDx, HEx
v 7469-CTO, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 5Ax, 5Cx, 5Ex, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 77x, 78x,
7Cx, 7Dx, 7Nx, 7Qx, 7Yx, 8Ux, 8Zx, GBx, GCx
v 7470-CTO, 5Gx, 5Hx, 62x, 65x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Dx, 6Hx, 6Lx, 6Rx, 6Sx, E2x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO, 56x
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO, GLx, H2x
v 3680-CTO, PDx
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO, F4x, F9x
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
45N7205 **
Parts list 213

--- Page 222 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
13 SATA hard disk drive, 160 GB, 5,400 rpm
v 7454-CTO, 25x, 26x, 29x, 2Lx, 2Nx, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Xx, 2Yx, 32x, 33x, 92x, 95x,
97x, 98x, 9Fx, 9Hx, 9Lx, G6x, G7x, GDx
v 7455-CTO, 35x, 36x, 39x, 3Ax, 3Dx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Px, 3Wx, D9x, DHx, F7x, F9x
v 7457-CTO, 45x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Hx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Vx
v 7458-CTO, 2Rx, 52x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 59x, 5Dx, 5Jx, 5Px, 5Tx, 69x, 72x, 74x, 79x, 7Fx, 7Mx,
7Nx, 7Qx, 7Sx, 7Wx, 7x,x, 84x, 87x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Nx, 8Qx,
FGx, FNx, FSx, X4x, X5x
v 7459-CTO, 5Ex, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Bx, 6Dx, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Jx, 6Lx, 6Qx, 6Wx, H3x, H4x, H5x,
M4x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 42x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Qx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Xx, 4Yx, F6x,
FBx, FJx, FLx, FNx, FQx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx
v 7465-CTO, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx,
3Nx, 3Px, 3Rx, 3Wx, D8x, D9x, DCx, DDx, DFx, DGx, DKx, G5x, G6x
v 7466-CTO, 34x, 35x, 38x, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Hx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 99x, 9Kx, 9Rx, 9Xx, HCx,
HDx, HEx
v 7469-CTO, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 5Ax, 5Cx, 5Ex, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 77x, 78x,
7Cx, 7Dx, 7Nx, 7Qx, 7Yx, 8Ux, 8Zx, GBx, GCx
v 7470-CTO, 5Gx, 5Hx, 62x, 65x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Dx, 6Hx, 6Lx, 6Rx, 6Sx, E2x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO, 56x
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO, GLx, H2x
v 3680-CTO, PDx
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO, F4x, F9x
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
45N7227 **
214 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 223 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
13 SATA hard disk drive, 250 GB, 5,400 rpm OP
v 7454-CTO, 23x, 28x, 2Hx, 2Tx, 2Wx, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Mx, 3Px, 3Tx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 9Bx, 9Cx,
G4x, G5x, G8x, G9x, GFx, GGx, GHx, GKx, GLx, GMx
v 7455-CTO, 33x, 3Cx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Zx, 44x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Tx,
4Wx, 4Xx, 83x, 8Fx, 8Hx, 8Kx, 8Nx, D5x, D6x, DAx, DCx, DDx, DEx, DGx, DNx, DPx,
DRx, DSx, DTx, DUx, F2x, F3x, F4x, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FPx, FQx, FTx, P6x, P7x, PDx
v 7457-CTO, 44x, 47x, 4Dx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Nx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Wx, 52x, 55x
v 7458-CTO, 26x, 28x, 53x, 57x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Lx, 5Qx, 5Rx, 78x, 7Gx, 7Jx, 7Px, 7Tx, 7Ux,
7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 85x, 8Gx, F2x, F6x, F7x, FEx, FMx, FPx, FTx, FVx, FYx, G3x
v 7459-CTO, 62x, 63x, 6Px, 6Vx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 73x, 74x, H6x, H7x, M2x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Cx, 2Ex, 2Gx, 43x, 44x, 45x, 4Cx,
4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx, 4Lx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Vx, 4Wx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F7x, F8x, FAx,
FCx, FDx, FFx, FKx
v 7465-CTO, 28x, 29x, 2Dx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Zx, 3Jx, 3Lx, 3Sx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Xx, 3Yx,
D4x, D6x, D7x, DAx, DBx, DEx, G2x, G3x, G8x
v 7466-CTO, 32x, 33x, 39x, 3Cx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 46x, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx,
4Px, 4Qx, 4Sx, 4Vx, 53x, 54x, 57x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Kx,
5Rx, 5Tx, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 95x, 96x, 9Bx, 9Hx, 9Jx, 9Lx, 9Mx, 9Px, 9Qx, 9Sx,
9Tx, 9Vx, 9Wx, 9Yx, 9Zx, DLx, DMx, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx, FNx, FUx, FVx, FWx,
FXx, H5x, H6x, H7x, H8x, H9x, HAx, N2x
v 7469-CTO, 52x, 53x, 54x, 59x, 5Fx, 5Kx, 5Bx, 5Dx, 5Jx, 5Nx, 5Tx, 5Xx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x,
66x, 67x, 68x, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Gx, 7Ax, 7Lx, 7Xx, 7Vx, 82x, 8Lx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Vx, 8Xx,
97x, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, E2x, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G8x, G9x
v 7470-CTO, 63x, 68x, 6Cx, 6Vx, 73x, 74x, 76x, 8Tx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T1471 **
13 SATA hard disk drive, 250 GB, 5,400 rpm OP
v 7454-CTO, 23x, 28x, 2Hx, 2Tx, 2Wx, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Mx, 3Px, 3Tx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 9Bx, 9Cx,
G4x, G5x, G8x, G9x, GFx, GGx, GHx, GKx, GLx, GMx
v 7455-CTO, 33x, 3Cx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Zx, 44x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Tx,
4Wx, 4Xx, 83x, 8Fx, 8Hx, 8Kx, 8Nx, D5x, D6x, DAx, DCx, DDx, DEx, DGx, DNx, DPx,
DRx, DSx, DTx, DUx, F2x, F3x, F4x, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FPx, FQx, FTx, P6x, P7x, PDx
v 7457-CTO, 44x, 47x, 4Dx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Nx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Wx, 52x, 55x
v 7458-CTO, 26x, 28x, 53x, 57x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Lx, 5Qx, 5Rx, 78x, 7Gx, 7Jx, 7Px, 7Tx, 7Ux,
7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 85x, 8Gx, F2x, F6x, F7x, FEx, FMx, FPx, FTx, FVx, FYx, G3x
v 7459-CTO, 62x, 63x, 6Px, 6Vx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 73x, 74x, H6x, H7x, M2x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Cx, 2Ex, 2Gx, 43x, 44x, 45x, 4Cx,
4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx, 4Lx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Vx, 4Wx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F7x, F8x, FAx,
FCx, FDx, FFx, FKx
v 7465-CTO, 28x, 29x, 2Dx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Zx, 3Jx, 3Lx, 3Sx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Xx, 3Yx,
D4x, D6x, D7x, DAx, DBx, DEx, G2x, G3x, G8x
v 7466-CTO, 32x, 33x, 39x, 3Cx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 46x, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx,
4Px, 4Qx, 4Sx, 4Vx, 53x, 54x, 57x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Kx,
5Rx, 5Tx, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 95x, 96x, 9Bx, 9Hx, 9Jx, 9Lx, 9Mx, 9Px, 9Qx, 9Sx,
9Tx, 9Vx, 9Wx, 9Yx, 9Zx, DLx, DMx, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx, FNx, FUx, FVx, FWx,
FXx, H5x, H6x, H7x, H8x, H9x, HAx, N2x
v 7469-CTO, 52x, 53x, 54x, 59x, 5Fx, 5Kx, 5Bx, 5Dx, 5Jx, 5Nx, 5Tx, 5Xx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x,
66x, 67x, 68x, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Gx, 7Ax, 7Lx, 7Xx, 7Vx, 82x, 8Lx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Vx, 8Xx,
97x, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, E2x, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G8x, G9x
v 7470-CTO, 63x, 68x, 6Cx, 6Vx, 73x, 74x, 76x, 8Tx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T1481 **
Parts list 215

--- Page 224 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
13 SATA hard disk drive, 250 GB, 5,400 rpm
v 7454-CTO, 23x, 28x, 2Hx, 2Tx, 2Wx, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Mx, 3Px, 3Tx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 9Bx, 9Cx,
G4x, G5x, G8x, G9x, GFx, GGx, GHx, GKx, GLx, GMx
v 7455-CTO, 33x, 3Cx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Zx, 44x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Tx,
4Wx, 4Xx, 83x, 8Fx, 8Hx, 8Kx, 8Nx, D5x, D6x, DAx, DCx, DDx, DEx, DGx, DNx, DPx,
DRx, DSx, DTx, DUx, F2x, F3x, F4x, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FPx, FQx, FTx, P6x, P7x, PDx
v 7457-CTO, 44x, 47x, 4Dx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Nx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Wx, 52x, 55x
v 7458-CTO, 26x, 28x, 53x, 57x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Lx, 5Qx, 5Rx, 78x, 7Gx, 7Jx, 7Px, 7Tx, 7Ux,
7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 85x, 8Gx, F2x, F6x, F7x, FEx, FMx, FPx, FTx, FVx, FYx, G3x
v 7459-CTO, 62x, 63x, 6Px, 6Vx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 73x, 74x, H6x, H7x, M2x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Cx, 2Ex, 2Gx, 43x, 44x, 45x, 4Cx,
4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx, 4Lx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Vx, 4Wx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F7x, F8x, FAx,
FCx, FDx, FFx, FKx
v 7465-CTO, 28x, 29x, 2Dx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Zx, 3Jx, 3Lx, 3Sx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Xx, 3Yx,
D4x, D6x, D7x, DAx, DBx, DEx, G2x, G3x, G8x
v 7466-CTO, 32x, 33x, 39x, 3Cx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 46x, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx,
4Px, 4Qx, 4Sx, 4Vx, 53x, 54x, 57x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Kx,
5Rx, 5Tx, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 95x, 96x, 9Bx, 9Hx, 9Jx, 9Lx, 9Mx, 9Px, 9Qx, 9Sx,
9Tx, 9Vx, 9Wx, 9Yx, 9Zx, DLx, DMx, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx, FNx, FUx, FVx, FWx,
FXx, H5x, H6x, H7x, H8x, H9x, HAx, N2x
v 7469-CTO, 52x, 53x, 54x, 59x, 5Fx, 5Kx, 5Bx, 5Dx, 5Jx, 5Nx, 5Tx, 5Xx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x,
66x, 67x, 68x, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Gx, 7Ax, 7Lx, 7Xx, 7Vx, 82x, 8Lx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Vx, 8Xx,
97x, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, E2x, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G8x, G9x
v 7470-CTO, 63x, 68x, 6Cx, 6Vx, 73x, 74x, 76x, 8Tx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T1517 **
13 SATA hard disk drive, 250 GB, 5,400 rpm
v 7454-CTO, 23x, 28x, 2Hx, 2Tx, 2Wx, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Mx, 3Px, 3Tx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 9Bx, 9Cx,
G4x, G5x, G8x, G9x, GFx, GGx, GHx, GKx, GLx, GMx
v 7455-CTO, 33x, 3Cx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Zx, 44x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Tx,
4Wx, 4Xx, 83x, 8Fx, 8Hx, 8Kx, 8Nx, D5x, D6x, DAx, DCx, DDx, DEx, DGx, DNx, DPx,
DRx, DSx, DTx, DUx, F2x, F3x, F4x, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FPx, FQx, FTx, P6x, P7x, PDx
v 7457-CTO, 44x, 47x, 4Dx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Nx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Wx, 52x, 55x
v 7458-CTO, 26x, 28x, 53x, 57x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Lx, 5Qx, 5Rx, 78x, 7Gx, 7Jx, 7Px, 7Tx, 7Ux,
7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 85x, 8Gx, F2x, F6x, F7x, FEx, FMx, FPx, FTx, FVx, FYx, G3x
v 7459-CTO, 62x, 63x, 6Px, 6Vx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 73x, 74x, H6x, H7x, M2x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Cx, 2Ex, 2Gx, 43x, 44x, 45x, 4Cx,
4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx, 4Lx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Vx, 4Wx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F7x, F8x, FAx,
FCx, FDx, FFx, FKx
v 7465-CTO, 28x, 29x, 2Dx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Zx, 3Jx, 3Lx, 3Sx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Xx, 3Yx,
D4x, D6x, D7x, DAx, DBx, DEx, G2x, G3x, G8x
v 7466-CTO, 32x, 33x, 39x, 3Cx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 46x, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx,
4Px, 4Qx, 4Sx, 4Vx, 53x, 54x, 57x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Kx,
5Rx, 5Tx, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 95x, 96x, 9Bx, 9Hx, 9Jx, 9Lx, 9Mx, 9Px, 9Qx, 9Sx,
9Tx, 9Vx, 9Wx, 9Yx, 9Zx, DLx, DMx, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx, FNx, FUx, FVx, FWx,
FXx, H5x, H6x, H7x, H8x, H9x, HAx, N2x
v 7469-CTO, 52x, 53x, 54x, 59x, 5Fx, 5Kx, 5Bx, 5Dx, 5Jx, 5Nx, 5Tx, 5Xx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x,
66x, 67x, 68x, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Gx, 7Ax, 7Lx, 7Xx, 7Vx, 82x, 8Lx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Vx, 8Xx,
97x, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, E2x, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G8x, G9x
v 7470-CTO, 63x, 68x, 6Cx, 6Vx, 73x, 74x, 76x, 8Tx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T1581 **
216 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 225 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
13 SATA hard disk drive, 250 GB, 5,400 rpm
v 7454-CTO, 23x, 28x, 2Hx, 2Tx, 2Wx, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Mx, 3Px, 3Tx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 9Bx, 9Cx,
G4x, G5x, G8x, G9x, GFx, GGx, GHx, GKx, GLx, GMx
v 7455-CTO, 33x, 3Cx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Zx, 44x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Tx,
4Wx, 4Xx, 83x, 8Fx, 8Hx, 8Kx, 8Nx, D5x, D6x, DAx, DCx, DDx, DEx, DGx, DNx, DPx,
DRx, DSx, DTx, DUx, F2x, F3x, F4x, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FPx, FQx, FTx, P6x, P7x, PDx
v 7457-CTO, 44x, 47x, 4Dx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Nx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Wx, 52x, 55x
v 7458-CTO, 26x, 28x, 53x, 57x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Lx, 5Qx, 5Rx, 78x, 7Gx, 7Jx, 7Px, 7Tx, 7Ux,
7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 85x, 8Gx, F2x, F6x, F7x, FEx, FMx, FPx, FTx, FVx, FYx, G3x
v 7459-CTO, 62x, 63x, 6Px, 6Vx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 73x, 74x, H6x, H7x, M2x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Cx, 2Ex, 2Gx, 43x, 44x, 45x, 4Cx,
4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx, 4Lx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Vx, 4Wx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F7x, F8x, FAx,
FCx, FDx, FFx, FKx
v 7465-CTO, 28x, 29x, 2Dx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Zx, 3Jx, 3Lx, 3Sx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Xx, 3Yx,
D4x, D6x, D7x, DAx, DBx, DEx, G2x, G3x, G8x
v 7466-CTO, 32x, 33x, 39x, 3Cx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 46x, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx,
4Px, 4Qx, 4Sx, 4Vx, 53x, 54x, 57x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Kx,
5Rx, 5Tx, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 95x, 96x, 9Bx, 9Hx, 9Jx, 9Lx, 9Mx, 9Px, 9Qx, 9Sx,
9Tx, 9Vx, 9Wx, 9Yx, 9Zx, DLx, DMx, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx, FNx, FUx, FVx, FWx,
FXx, H5x, H6x, H7x, H8x, H9x, HAx, N2x
v 7469-CTO, 52x, 53x, 54x, 59x, 5Fx, 5Kx, 5Bx, 5Dx, 5Jx, 5Nx, 5Tx, 5Xx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x,
66x, 67x, 68x, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Gx, 7Ax, 7Lx, 7Xx, 7Vx, 82x, 8Lx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Vx, 8Xx,
97x, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, E2x, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G8x, G9x
v 7470-CTO, 63x, 68x, 6Cx, 6Vx, 73x, 74x, 76x, 8Tx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-CTO, 2Ex, 2Fx, J2x, J4x, J5x, J8x, J9x
v 3323-CTO, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x,
6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Yx, 75x, 76x, 77x, 78x, 7Dx,
7Ex, 7Fx, 7Gx, 8Rx, LFx
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO, F9x, FCx, FDx, FEx, FHx, FJx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FZx, GMx, GNx, GPx, GRx,
GSx, GTx, H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, N2x
v 3680-CTO, F8x, FBx, P8x, P9x, PAx, PFx, PHx, PJx, N2x
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 33x, 34x, 35x,
36x, 4Hx, 4Jx
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO, F5x, FAx, FDx, FGx, FMx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx
v 5413-CTO, FDx, FGx, L2x, L4x
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
45N7217 **
Parts list 217

--- Page 226 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
13 SATA hard disk drive, 250 GB, 5,400 rpm
v 7454-CTO, 23x, 28x, 2Hx, 2Tx, 2Wx, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Mx, 3Px, 3Tx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 9Bx, 9Cx,
G4x, G5x, G8x, G9x, GFx, GGx, GHx, GKx, GLx, GMx
v 7455-CTO, 33x, 3Cx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Zx, 44x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Tx,
4Wx, 4Xx, 83x, 8Fx, 8Hx, 8Kx, 8Nx, D5x, D6x, DAx, DCx, DDx, DEx, DGx, DNx, DPx,
DRx, DSx, DTx, DUx, F2x, F3x, F4x, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FPx, FQx, FTx, P6x, P7x, PDx
v 7457-CTO, 44x, 47x, 4Dx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Nx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Wx, 52x, 55x
v 7458-CTO, 26x, 28x, 53x, 57x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Lx, 5Qx, 5Rx, 78x, 7Gx, 7Jx, 7Px, 7Tx, 7Ux,
7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 85x, 8Gx, F2x, F6x, F7x, FEx, FMx, FPx, FTx, FVx, FYx, G3x
v 7459-CTO, 62x, 63x, 6Px, 6Vx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 73x, 74x, H6x, H7x, M2x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Cx, 2Ex, 2Gx, 43x, 44x, 45x, 4Cx,
4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx, 4Lx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Vx, 4Wx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F7x, F8x, FAx,
FCx, FDx, FFx, FKx
v 7465-CTO, 28x, 29x, 2Dx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Zx, 3Jx, 3Lx, 3Sx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Xx, 3Yx,
D4x, D6x, D7x, DAx, DBx, DEx, G2x, G3x, G8x
v 7466-CTO, 32x, 33x, 39x, 3Cx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 46x, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx,
4Px, 4Qx, 4Sx, 4Vx, 53x, 54x, 57x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Kx,
5Rx, 5Tx, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 95x, 96x, 9Bx, 9Hx, 9Jx, 9Lx, 9Mx, 9Px, 9Qx, 9Sx,
9Tx, 9Vx, 9Wx, 9Yx, 9Zx, DLx, DMx, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx, FNx, FUx, FVx, FWx,
FXx, H5x, H6x, H7x, H8x, H9x, HAx, N2x
v 7469-CTO, 52x, 53x, 54x, 59x, 5Fx, 5Kx, 5Bx, 5Dx, 5Jx, 5Nx, 5Tx, 5Xx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x,
66x, 67x, 68x, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Gx, 7Ax, 7Lx, 7Xx, 7Vx, 82x, 8Lx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Vx, 8Xx,
97x, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, E2x, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G8x, G9x
v 7470-CTO, 63x, 68x, 6Cx, 6Vx, 73x, 74x, 76x, 8Tx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-CTO, 2Ex, 2Fx, J2x, J4x, J5x, J8x, J9x
v 3323-CTO, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x,
6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Yx, 75x, 76x, 77x, 78x, 7Dx,
7Ex, 7Fx, 7Gx, 8Rx, LFx
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO, F9x, FCx, FDx, FEx, FHx, FJx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FZx, GMx, GNx, GPx, GRx,
GSx, GTx, H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, N2x
v 3680-CTO, F8x, FBx, P8x, P9x, PAx, PFx, PHx, PJx, N2x
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 33x, 34x, 35x,
36x, 4Hx, 4Jx
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO, F5x, FAx, FDx, FGx, FMx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx
v 5413-CTO, FDx, FGx, L2x, L4x
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
45N7207 **
218 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 227 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
13 SATA hard disk drive, 250 GB, 5,400 rpm
v 7454-CTO, 23x, 28x, 2Hx, 2Tx, 2Wx, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Mx, 3Px, 3Tx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 9Bx, 9Cx,
G4x, G5x, G8x, G9x, GFx, GGx, GHx, GKx, GLx, GMx
v 7455-CTO, 33x, 3Cx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Zx, 44x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Tx,
4Wx, 4Xx, 83x, 8Fx, 8Hx, 8Kx, 8Nx, D5x, D6x, DAx, DCx, DDx, DEx, DGx, DNx, DPx,
DRx, DSx, DTx, DUx, F2x, F3x, F4x, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FPx, FQx, FTx, P6x, P7x, PDx
v 7457-CTO, 44x, 47x, 4Dx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Nx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Wx, 52x, 55x
v 7458-CTO, 26x, 28x, 53x, 57x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Lx, 5Qx, 5Rx, 78x, 7Gx, 7Jx, 7Px, 7Tx, 7Ux,
7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 85x, 8Gx, F2x, F6x, F7x, FEx, FMx, FPx, FTx, FVx, FYx, G3x
v 7459-CTO, 62x, 63x, 6Px, 6Vx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 73x, 74x, H6x, H7x, M2x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Cx, 2Ex, 2Gx, 43x, 44x, 45x, 4Cx,
4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx, 4Lx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Vx, 4Wx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F7x, F8x, FAx,
FCx, FDx, FFx, FKx
v 7465-CTO, 28x, 29x, 2Dx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Zx, 3Jx, 3Lx, 3Sx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Xx, 3Yx,
D4x, D6x, D7x, DAx, DBx, DEx, G2x, G3x, G8x
v 7466-CTO, 32x, 33x, 39x, 3Cx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 46x, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx,
4Px, 4Qx, 4Sx, 4Vx, 53x, 54x, 57x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Kx,
5Rx, 5Tx, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 95x, 96x, 9Bx, 9Hx, 9Jx, 9Lx, 9Mx, 9Px, 9Qx, 9Sx,
9Tx, 9Vx, 9Wx, 9Yx, 9Zx, DLx, DMx, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx, FNx, FUx, FVx, FWx,
FXx, H5x, H6x, H7x, H8x, H9x, HAx, N2x
v 7469-CTO, 52x, 53x, 54x, 59x, 5Fx, 5Kx, 5Bx, 5Dx, 5Jx, 5Nx, 5Tx, 5Xx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x,
66x, 67x, 68x, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Gx, 7Ax, 7Lx, 7Xx, 7Vx, 82x, 8Lx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Vx, 8Xx,
97x, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, E2x, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G8x, G9x
v 7470-CTO, 63x, 68x, 6Cx, 6Vx, 73x, 74x, 76x, 8Tx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-CTO, 2Ex, 2Fx, J2x, J4x, J5x, J8x, J9x
v 3323-CTO, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x,
6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Yx, 75x, 76x, 77x, 78x, 7Dx,
7Ex, 7Fx, 7Gx, 8Rx, LFx
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO, F9x, FCx, FDx, FEx, FHx, FJx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FZx, GMx, GNx, GPx, GRx,
GSx, GTx, H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, N2x
v 3680-CTO, F8x, FBx, P8x, P9x, PAx, PFx, PHx, PJx, N2x
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 33x, 34x, 35x,
36x, 4Hx, 4Jx
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO, F5x, FAx, FDx, FGx, FMx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx
v 5413-CTO, FDx, FGx, L2x, L4x
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
45N7229 **
Parts list 219

--- Page 228 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
13 SATA hard disk drive, 320 GB, 5,400 rpm OP
v 7454-CTO, 3Lx, 3Rx, 9Kx, G4x
v 7455-CTO, 3Hx, 3Nx, 3Vx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 45x, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Yx,
4Zx, 82x, 84x, 8Bx, 8Gx, 8Jx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Vx, D2x, D3x, D7x,
D8x, DBx, DFx, DJx, DKx, DQx, DVx, DWx, F5x, FFx, FGx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FRx,
FUx, FVx, FZx, N3x, N4x, N5x, P3x, P4x, PAx, PEx
v 7457-CTO, 53x, 56x
v 7458-CTO, 24x, 25x, 2Fx, 2Kx, 4Xx, 62x, 63x, 66x, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Zx, 7Lx, 7Vx, 8Xx,
8Yx, 8Zx, E2x, F4x, F9x, FAx, FHx, FJx, G7x, G8x, G9x, GEx
v 7459-CTO, 5Fx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 75x, H2x, M3x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 26x, 2Bx, 2Dx, 2Fx, 2Hx, F9x, FEx, FGx, FHx, FMx, FPx, FRx
v 7465-CTO, 3Tx, 3Zx, DHx, DJx, G4x, G7x, G9x, GAx, GBx
v 7466-CTO,3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 47x, 4Bx, 4Rx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Wx, 4Xx, 55x, 56x, 58x, 5Jx, 5Lx,
5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Sx, 5Ux, 92x, 97x, 98x, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Nx, 9Ux, FFx,
FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FPx, FRx, FYx, FZx, H2x, H3x, H4x, HBx
v 7469-CTO, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Ex, 6Kx, 6Tx, 7Bx, 7Px, 88x, 8Ax, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Kx,
8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Wx, 8Yx, 93x, 94x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, G6x, G7x
v 7470-CTO, 64x, 6Gx, 6Nx, 6Qx, 6Tx, 75x, 77x, 8Ux, 8Zx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T1507 **
13 SATA hard disk drive, 320 GB, 5,400 rpm OP
v 7454-CTO, 3Lx, 3Rx, 9Kx, G4x
v 7455-CTO, 3Hx, 3Nx, 3Vx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 45x, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Yx,
4Zx, 82x, 84x, 8Bx, 8Gx, 8Jx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Vx, D2x, D3x, D7x,
D8x, DBx, DFx, DJx, DKx, DQx, DVx, DWx, F5x, FFx, FGx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FRx,
FUx, FVx, FZx, N3x, N4x, N5x, P3x, P4x, PAx, PEx
v 7457-CTO, 53x, 56x
v 7458-CTO, 24x, 25x, 2Fx, 2Kx, 4Xx, 62x, 63x, 66x, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Zx, 7Lx, 7Vx, 8Xx,
8Yx, 8Zx, E2x, F4x, F9x, FAx, FHx, FJx, G7x, G8x, G9x, GEx
v 7459-CTO, 5Fx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 75x, H2x, M3x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 26x, 2Bx, 2Dx, 2Fx, 2Hx, F9x, FEx, FGx, FHx, FMx, FPx, FRx
v 7465-CTO, 3Tx, 3Zx, DHx, DJx, G4x, G7x, G9x, GAx, GBx
v 7466-CTO,3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 47x, 4Bx, 4Rx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Wx, 4Xx, 55x, 56x, 58x, 5Jx, 5Lx,
5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Sx, 5Ux, 92x, 97x, 98x, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Nx, 9Ux, FFx,
FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FPx, FRx, FYx, FZx, H2x, H3x, H4x, HBx
v 7469-CTO, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Ex, 6Kx, 6Tx, 7Bx, 7Px, 88x, 8Ax, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Kx,
8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Wx, 8Yx, 93x, 94x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, G6x, G7x
v 7470-CTO, 64x, 6Gx, 6Nx, 6Qx, 6Tx, 75x, 77x, 8Ux, 8Zx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T1535 **
220 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 229 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
13 SATA hard disk drive, 320 GB, 5,400 rpm
v 7454-CTO, 3Lx, 3Rx, 9Kx, G4x
v 7455-CTO, 3Hx, 3Nx, 3Vx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 45x, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Yx,
4Zx, 82x, 84x, 8Bx, 8Gx, 8Jx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Vx, D2x, D3x, D7x,
D8x, DBx, DFx, DJx, DKx, DQx, DVx, DWx, F5x, FFx, FGx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FRx,
FUx, FVx, FZx, N3x, N4x, N5x, P3x, P4x, PAx, PEx
v 7457-CTO, 53x, 56x
v 7458-CTO, 24x, 25x, 2Fx, 2Kx, 4Xx, 62x, 63x, 66x, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Zx, 7Lx, 7Vx, 8Xx,
8Yx, 8Zx, E2x, F4x, F9x, FAx, FHx, FJx, G7x, G8x, G9x, GEx
v 7459-CTO, 5Fx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 75x, H2x, M3x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 26x, 2Bx, 2Dx, 2Fx, 2Hx, F9x, FEx, FGx, FHx, FMx, FPx, FRx
v 7465-CTO, 3Tx, 3Zx, DHx, DJx, G4x, G7x, G9x, GAx, GBx
v 7466-CTO,3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 47x, 4Bx, 4Rx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Wx, 4Xx, 55x, 56x, 58x, 5Jx, 5Lx,
5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Sx, 5Ux, 92x, 97x, 98x, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Nx, 9Ux, FFx,
FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FPx, FRx, FYx, FZx, H2x, H3x, H4x, HBx
v 7469-CTO, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Ex, 6Kx, 6Tx, 7Bx, 7Px, 88x, 8Ax, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Kx,
8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Wx, 8Yx, 93x, 94x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, G6x, G7x
v 7470-CTO, 64x, 6Gx, 6Nx, 6Qx, 6Tx, 75x, 77x, 8Ux, 8Zx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T1583 **
Parts list 221

--- Page 230 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
13 SATA hard disk drive, 320 GB, 5,400 rpm
v 7454-CTO, 3Lx, 3Rx, 9Kx, G4x
v 7455-CTO, 3Hx, 3Nx, 3Vx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 45x, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Yx,
4Zx, 82x, 84x, 8Bx, 8Gx, 8Jx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Vx, D2x, D3x, D7x,
D8x, DBx, DFx, DJx, DKx, DQx, DVx, DWx, F5x, FFx, FGx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FRx,
FUx, FVx, FZx, N3x, N4x, N5x, P3x, P4x, PAx, PEx
v 7457-CTO, 53x, 56x
v 7458-CTO, 24x, 25x, 2Fx, 2Kx, 4Xx, 62x, 63x, 66x, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Zx, 7Lx, 7Vx, 8Xx,
8Yx, 8Zx, E2x, F4x, F9x, FAx, FHx, FJx, G7x, G8x, G9x, GEx
v 7459-CTO, 5Fx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 75x, H2x, M3x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 26x, 2Bx, 2Dx, 2Fx, 2Hx, F9x, FEx, FGx, FHx, FMx, FPx, FRx
v 7465-CTO, 3Tx, 3Zx, DHx, DJx, G4x, G7x, G9x, GAx, GBx
v 7466-CTO,3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 47x, 4Bx, 4Rx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Wx, 4Xx, 55x, 56x, 58x, 5Jx, 5Lx,
5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Sx, 5Ux, 92x, 97x, 98x, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Nx, 9Ux, FFx,
FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FPx, FRx, FYx, FZx, H2x, H3x, H4x, HBx
v 7469-CTO, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Ex, 6Kx, 6Tx, 7Bx, 7Px, 88x, 8Ax, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Kx,
8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Wx, 8Yx, 93x, 94x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, G6x, G7x
v 7470-CTO, 64x, 6Gx, 6Nx, 6Qx, 6Tx, 75x, 77x, 8Ux, 8Zx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-CTO, 23x, 24x, 27x, 29x, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Mx, J3x, J6x
v 3323-CTO, 42x, 43x, 45x, 4Bx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Yx, 53x, 54x, 57x, 58x,
5Cx, 5Dx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Rx, 5Wx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 62x, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Hx,
6Jx, 6Px, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Zx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 79x, 7Ax, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Mx,
7Nx, 7Px, 7Rx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Wx, 7Xx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 86x, 87x,
88x, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, KFx, KGx, KHx, KJx, KNx, KPx,
KRx, KSx, KYx, L3x, L4x, L5x, L6x, L7x, L8x, LAx, LBx, LCx, R2x
v 3357-CTO, D4x, D6x
v 3626-CTO, F5x, FFx, FGx, FKx, FLx, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, GAx, GBx, GCx, GUx
v 3680-CTO, P2x, P3x, P4x, P7x, PEx
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO, 72x
v 5143-CTO, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Rx, 2Wx, 2Yx, 2Zx, 32x, 37x, 38x, 39x,
3Ax, 3Zx, 42x, 43x, 4Gx
v 5385-CTO, D2x, D3x
v 5397-CTO, F2x, F3x, F6x, F8x, FCx, FHx, FJx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx
v 5413-CTO, L3x, L5x
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
45N7219 **
222 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 231 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
13 SATA hard disk drive, 320 GB, 5,400 rpm
v 7454-CTO, 3Lx, 3Rx, 9Kx, G4x
v 7455-CTO, 3Hx, 3Nx, 3Vx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 45x, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Yx,
4Zx, 82x, 84x, 8Bx, 8Gx, 8Jx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Vx, D2x, D3x, D7x,
D8x, DBx, DFx, DJx, DKx, DQx, DVx, DWx, F5x, FFx, FGx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FRx,
FUx, FVx, FZx, N3x, N4x, N5x, P3x, P4x, PAx, PEx
v 7457-CTO, 53x, 56x
v 7458-CTO, 24x, 25x, 2Fx, 2Kx, 4Xx, 62x, 63x, 66x, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Zx, 7Lx, 7Vx, 8Xx,
8Yx, 8Zx, E2x, F4x, F9x, FAx, FHx, FJx, G7x, G8x, G9x, GEx
v 7459-CTO, 5Fx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 75x, H2x, M3x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 26x, 2Bx, 2Dx, 2Fx, 2Hx, F9x, FEx, FGx, FHx, FMx, FPx, FRx
v 7465-CTO, 3Tx, 3Zx, DHx, DJx, G4x, G7x, G9x, GAx, GBx
v 7466-CTO,3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 47x, 4Bx, 4Rx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Wx, 4Xx, 55x, 56x, 58x, 5Jx, 5Lx,
5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Sx, 5Ux, 92x, 97x, 98x, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Nx, 9Ux, FFx,
FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FPx, FRx, FYx, FZx, H2x, H3x, H4x, HBx
v 7469-CTO, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Ex, 6Kx, 6Tx, 7Bx, 7Px, 88x, 8Ax, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Kx,
8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Wx, 8Yx, 93x, 94x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, G6x, G7x
v 7470-CTO, 64x, 6Gx, 6Nx, 6Qx, 6Tx, 75x, 77x, 8Ux, 8Zx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-CTO, 23x, 24x, 27x, 29x, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Mx, J3x, J6x
v 3323-CTO, 42x, 43x, 45x, 4Bx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Yx, 53x, 54x, 57x, 58x,
5Cx, 5Dx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Rx, 5Wx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 62x, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Hx,
6Jx, 6Px, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Zx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 79x, 7Ax, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Mx,
7Nx, 7Px, 7Rx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Wx, 7Xx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 86x, 87x,
88x, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, KFx, KGx, KHx, KJx, KNx, KPx,
KRx, KSx, KYx, L3x, L4x, L5x, L6x, L7x, L8x, LAx, LBx, LCx, R2x
v 3357-CTO, D4x, D6x
v 3626-CTO, F5x, FFx, FGx, FKx, FLx, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, GAx, GBx, GCx, GUx
v 3680-CTO, P2x, P3x, P4x, P7x, PEx
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO, 72x
v 5143-CTO, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Rx, 2Wx, 2Yx, 2Zx, 32x, 37x, 38x, 39x,
3Ax, 3Zx, 42x, 43x, 4Gx
v 5385-CTO, D2x, D3x
v 5397-CTO, F2x, F3x, F6x, F8x, FCx, FHx, FJx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx
v 5413-CTO, L3x, L5x
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
45N7209 **
Parts list 223

--- Page 232 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
13 SATA hard disk drive, 320 GB, 5,400 rpm
v 3249-CTO, 23x, 24x, 27x, 29x, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Mx, J3x, J6x
v 3323-CTO, 42x, 43x, 45x, 4Bx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Yx, 53x, 54x, 57x, 58x,
5Cx, 5Dx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Rx, 5Wx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 62x, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Hx,
6Jx, 6Px, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Zx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 79x, 7Ax, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Mx,
7Nx, 7Px, 7Rx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Wx, 7Xx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 86x, 87x,
88x, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, KFx, KGx, KHx, KJx, KNx, KPx,
KRx, KSx, KYx, L3x, L4x, L5x, L6x, L7x, L8x, LAx, LBx, LCx, R2x
v 3357-CTO, D4x, D6x
v 3626-CTO, F5x, FFx, FGx, FKx, FLx, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, GAx, GBx, GCx, GUx
v 3680-CTO, P2x, P3x, P4x, P7x, PEx
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO, 72x
v 5143-CTO, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Rx, 2Wx, 2Yx, 2Zx, 32x, 37x, 38x, 39x,
3Ax, 3Zx, 42x, 43x, 4Gx
v 5385-CTO, D2x, D3x
v 5397-CTO, F2x, F3x, F6x, F8x, FCx, FHx, FJx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx
v 5413-CTO, L3x, L5x
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
45N7231 **
13 SATA hard disk drive, 500 GB, 5,400 rpm
v 7454-CTO, G3x, GEx
v 7455-CTO, 4Ex, 8Zx, F6x, FSx, FWx, FYx, PBx, PCx, PFx, PGx, PHx, PJx, N2x
v 7457-CTO, 54x, 58x
v 7458-CTO, 2Dx, 2Mx, 6Ex, 6Kx, FXx, G4x, G6x
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO, 48x, 4Cx, 4Ex, 4Yx, F2x, F4x, F5x, F6x, FQx, FSx, FTx
v 7469-CTO, 6Lx, 6Qx, 6Ux, 6Yx, 8Qx
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
45N7211 **
224 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 233 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
13 SATA hard disk drive, 500 GB, 5,400 rpm
v 7454-CTO, G3x, GEx
v 7455-CTO, 4Ex, 8Zx, F6x, FSx, FWx, FYx, PBx, PCx, PFx, PGx, PHx, PJx, N2x
v 7457-CTO, 54x, 58x
v 7458-CTO, 2Dx, 2Mx, 6Ex, 6Kx, FXx, G4x, G6x
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO, 48x, 4Cx, 4Ex, 4Yx, F2x, F4x, F5x, F6x, FQx, FSx, FTx
v 7469-CTO, 6Lx, 6Qx, 6Ux, 6Yx, 8Qx
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
45N7221 **
13 SATA hard disk drive, 500 GB, 5,400 rpm
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
45N7233 **
Parts list 225

--- Page 234 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
13 SATA hard disk drive, 100 GB, 7,200 rpm OP
v 7454-CTO, 2Px, 93x
v 7455-CTO, 3Fx, 3Rx
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, 7Hx
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO, 3Lx, 3Mx
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T1485 **
13 SATA hard disk drive, 100 GB, 7,200 rpm
v 7454-CTO, 2Px, 93x
v 7455-CTO, 3Fx, 3Rx
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, 7Hx
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO, 3Lx, 3Mx
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
39T2799 **
13 SATA hard disk drive, 160 GB, 7,200 rpm OP
v 7454-CTO, 2Kx, 2Mx, 2Sx, 2Zx, 34x, 36x, 38x, 3Sx, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 96x
v 7455-CTO, 3Ex, 3Qx, 42x, 43x, 85x, 86x, 8Cx, DXx
v 7457-CTO, 43x
v 7458-CTO, 22x, 27x, 29x, 2Sx, 5Cx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Hx, 5Mx, 64x, 67x, 68x, 6Ax, 6Xx, 7Bx,
7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Kx, 7Rx, 83x, 88x, 89x, 8Fx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Px, F3x, F5x, F8x, FDx, FQx,
M2x
v 7459-CTO, 64x, 65x, 6Ax, 6Cx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Zx
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO, 3Gx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Nx, 43x, 45x, 9Ax
v 7469-CTO, 5Wx, 5Yx, 6Hx, 74x, 76x, 79x, 7Fx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Tx, 7Zx, 83x
v 7470-CTO, 6Px, 72x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T1461 **
226 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 235 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
13 SATA hard disk drive, 160 GB , 7,200 rpm
v 7454-CTO, 2Kx, 2Mx, 2Sx, 2Zx, 34x, 36x, 38x, 3Sx, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 96x
v 7455-CTO, 3Ex, 3Qx, 42x, 43x, 85x, 86x, 8Cx, DXx
v 7457-CTO, 43x
v 7458-CTO, 22x, 27x, 29x, 2Sx, 5Cx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Hx, 5Mx, 64x, 67x, 68x, 6Ax, 6Xx, 7Bx,
7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Kx, 7Rx, 83x, 88x, 89x, 8Fx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Px, F3x, F5x, F8x, FDx, FQx,
M2x
v 7459-CTO, 64x, 65x, 6Ax, 6Cx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Zx
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO, 3Gx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Nx, 43x, 45x, 9Ax
v 7469-CTO, 5Wx, 5Yx, 6Hx, 74x, 76x, 79x, 7Fx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Tx, 7Zx, 83x
v 7470-CTO, 6Px, 72x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T1439 **
13 SATA hard disk drive, 160 GB, 7,200 rpm
v 7454-CTO, 2Kx, 2Mx, 2Sx, 2Zx, 34x, 36x, 38x, 3Sx, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 96x
v 7455-CTO, 3Ex, 3Qx, 42x, 43x, 85x, 86x, 8Cx, DXx
v 7457-CTO, 43x
v 7458-CTO, 22x, 27x, 29x, 2Sx, 5Cx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Hx, 5Mx, 64x, 67x, 68x, 6Ax, 6Xx, 7Bx,
7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Kx, 7Rx, 83x, 88x, 89x, 8Fx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Px, F3x, F5x, F8x, FDx, FQx,
M2x
v 7459-CTO, 64x, 65x, 6Ax, 6Cx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Zx
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO, 3Gx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Nx, 43x, 45x, 9Ax
v 7469-CTO, 5Wx, 5Yx, 6Hx, 74x, 76x, 79x, 7Fx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Tx, 7Zx, 83x
v 7470-CTO, 6Px, 72x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T1465 **
13 SATA hard disk drive, 160 GB, 7,200 rpm
v 7454-CTO, 2Kx, 2Mx, 2Sx, 2Zx, 34x, 36x, 38x, 3Sx, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 96x
v 7455-CTO, 3Ex, 3Qx, 42x, 43x, 85x, 86x, 8Cx, DXx
v 7457-CTO, 43x
v 7458-CTO, 22x, 27x, 29x, 2Sx, 5Cx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Hx, 5Mx, 64x, 67x, 68x, 6Ax, 6Xx, 7Bx,
7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Kx, 7Rx, 83x, 88x, 89x, 8Fx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Px, F3x, F5x, F8x, FDx, FQx,
M2x
v 7459-CTO, 64x, 65x, 6Ax, 6Cx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Zx
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO, 3Gx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Nx, 43x, 45x, 9Ax
v 7469-CTO, 5Wx, 5Yx, 6Hx, 74x, 76x, 79x, 7Fx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Tx, 7Zx, 83x
v 7470-CTO, 6Px, 72x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
45N7261 **
Parts list 227

--- Page 236 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
13 SATA hard disk drive, 200 GB, FDE, 7,200 rpm OP
v 7454-CTO, 22x, 27x
v 7455-CTO, 32x
v 7457-CTO, 42x, 46x
v 7458-CTO, 4Yx, 5Nx, 5Sx, 86x
v 7459-CTO, 6Ex
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO, 5Zx, 7Rx
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T1463 **
13 SATA hard disk drive, 200 GB, FDE, 7,200 rpm
v 7454-CTO, 22x, 27x
v 7455-CTO, 32x
v 7457-CTO, 42x, 46x
v 7458-CTO, 4Yx, 5Nx, 5Sx, 86x
v 7459-CTO, 6Ex
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO, 5Zx, 7Rx
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T1561 **
13 SATA hard disk drive, 250 GB, FDE, 7,200 rpm
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, FFx
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T1563 **
228 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 237 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
13 SATA hard disk drive, 250 GB, FDE, 7,200 rpm
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, FFx
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T1573 **
13 SATA hard disk drive, 250 GB, FDE, 7,200 rpm
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, FFx
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T1527 **
Parts list 229

--- Page 238 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
13 SATA hard disk drive, 250 GB, FDE, 7,200 rpm
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, FFx
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
45N7279 **
230 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 239 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
13 SATA hard disk drive, 250 GB, FDE, 7,200 rpm
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, FFx
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
45N7259 **
13 SATA hard disk drive, 320 GB, 7,200 rpm
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO, 46x, 4Dx, 4Fx, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Ux, 8Wx, 8Xx,
8Yx, DLx, DMx, DYx, DZx, FHx, P2x, P5x
v 7457-CTO, 57x
v 7458-CTO, 2Bx, 2Lx, 2Nx, 2Qx, 2Tx, 2Vx, 65x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Tx, 6Wx, FKx, FLx, FUx,
FWx, GBx, M3x
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO, 44x, 49x, 4Dx, 4Fx, F3x, FCx, FDx, FEx
v 7469-CTO, 6Jx, 6Px, 6Xx, 89x, 8Gx, 8Hx, 95x
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T1559 **
Parts list 231

--- Page 240 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
13 SATA hard disk drive, 320 GB, 7,200 rpm
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO, 46x, 4Dx, 4Fx, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Ux, 8Wx, 8Xx,
8Yx, DLx, DMx, DYx, DZx, FHx, P2x, P5x
v 7457-CTO, 57x
v 7458-CTO, 2Bx, 2Lx, 2Nx, 2Qx, 2Tx, 2Vx, 65x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Tx, 6Wx, FKx, FLx, FUx,
FWx, GBx, M3x
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO, 44x, 49x, 4Dx, 4Fx, F3x, FCx, FDx, FEx
v 7469-CTO, 6Jx, 6Px, 6Xx, 89x, 8Gx, 8Hx, 95x
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T1571 **
13 SATA hard disk drive, 320 GB, 7,200 rpm
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO, 46x, 4Dx, 4Fx, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Ux, 8Wx, 8Xx,
8Yx, DLx, DMx, DYx, DZx, FHx, P2x, P5x
v 7457-CTO, 57x
v 7458-CTO, 2Bx, 2Lx, 2Nx, 2Qx, 2Tx, 2Vx, 65x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Tx, 6Wx, FKx, FLx, FUx,
FWx, GBx, M3x
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO, 44x, 49x, 4Dx, 4Fx, F3x, FCx, FDx, FEx
v 7469-CTO, 6Jx, 6Px, 6Xx, 89x, 8Gx, 8Hx, 95x
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T1525 **
232 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 241 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
13 SATA hard disk drive, 320 GB, 7,200 rpm
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO, 46x, 4Dx, 4Fx, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Ux, 8Wx, 8Xx,
8Yx, DLx, DMx, DYx, DZx, FHx, P2x, P5x
v 7457-CTO, 57x
v 7458-CTO, 2Bx, 2Lx, 2Nx, 2Qx, 2Tx, 2Vx, 65x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Tx, 6Wx, FKx, FLx, FUx,
FWx, GBx, M3x
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO, 44x, 49x, 4Dx, 4Fx, F3x, FCx, FDx, FEx
v 7469-CTO, 6Jx, 6Px, 6Xx, 89x, 8Gx, 8Hx, 95x
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-CTO, 2Gx, 2Hx, 2Jx, J7x, JAx
v 3323-CTO, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, 92x, 93x, 94x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x,
9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, K2x, K3x, K4x, K5x, K6x, K7x, K8x, K9x, KAx,
KCx, KDx, KEx
v 3357-CTO, D7x
v 3626-CTO, 11x, F2x, F3x, F4x, F6x, F8x, FAx, FBx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FVx, FWx, FXx, G2x,
GFx, GHx, GHx, GKx, GVx, GWx, GXx
v 3680-CTO, F7x, F9x, FAx, 11x, PBx
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO, 73x, R1x
v 5143-CTO, 28x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex
v 5385-CTO, D4x
v 5397-CTO, FEx, FFx, FNx, FPx, FRx, G6x, G7x, GAx
v 5413-CTO, FEx, FFx
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
42N7255 **
13 SATA hard disk drive, 320 GB, 7,200 rpm
v 3249-CTO, 2Gx, 2Hx, 2Jx, J7x, JAx
v 3323-CTO, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, 92x, 93x, 94x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x,
9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, K2x, K3x, K4x, K5x, K6x, K7x, K8x, K9x, KAx,
KCx, KDx, KEx
v 3357-CTO, D7x
v 3626-CTO, 11x, F2x, F3x, F4x, F6x, F8x, FAx, FBx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FVx, FWx, FXx, G2x,
GFx, GHx, GHx, GKx, GVx, GWx, GXx
v 3680-CTO, F7x, F9x, FAx, 11x, PBx
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO, 73x, R1x
v 5143-CTO, 28x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex
v 5385-CTO, D4x
v 5397-CTO, FEx, FFx, FNx, FPx, FRx, G6x, G7x, GAx
v 5413-CTO, FEx, FFx
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
42N7275 **
Parts list 233

--- Page 242 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
13 SATA hard disk drive, 500 GB, 7,200 rpm
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO, 4Gx, FXx, P9x
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, 2Cx, 2Ex, 2Px, 6Jx, 6Lx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Yx, G5x, GCx, GDx
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO, 4Ax, 4Zx, 52x
v 7469-CTO, 6Mx, 6Vx, 96x, 9Gx
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-CTO, 22x, 25x, 26x, 28x, 2Ax, 2Dx, 2Lx
v 3323-CTO, 44x, 46x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Zx,
52x, 55x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Nx, 8Px, KLx, KMx, KTx, KUx, KVx, KZx, L2x, LDx, LEx
v 3357-CTO, D2x, D3x, D5x
v 3626-CTO, G7x, G8x, GDx, GEx, GJx, GJx
v 3680-CTO, P5x
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO, 22x, 24x, 26x, 3Ux, 3Wx
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO, G2x, G4x, G8x, G9x
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
45N7257 **
13 SATA hard disk drive, 500 GB, 7,200 rpm
v 3249-CTO, 22x, 25x, 26x, 28x, 2Ax, 2Dx, 2Lx
v 3323-CTO, 44x, 46x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Zx,
52x, 55x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Nx, 8Px, KLx, KMx, KTx, KUx, KVx, KZx, L2x, LDx, LEx
v 3357-CTO, D2x, D3x, D5x
v 3626-CTO, G7x, G8x, GDx, GEx, GJx, GJx
v 3680-CTO, P5x
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO, 22x, 24x, 26x, 3Ux, 3Wx
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO, G2x, G4x, G8x, G9x
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
45N7277 **
14 Hard disk drive cover assembly 44C9553 *
234 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 243 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
15 1.8-inch - 2.5-inch storage converter
v 7454-CTO, 24x, 2Gx, 2Jx, 3Nx, 3Qx, 9Gx, 9Jx
v 7455-CTO, 34x, 38x, 3Bx, 3Gx, 3Ux, 4Ax, FJx
v 7457-CTO, 4Cx, 4Ex, 4Fx
v 7458-CTO, 2Ax, 58x, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 73x, 76x, 77x, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Wx, FCx, GFx
v 7459-CTO, 66x, 6Kx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 72x, E3x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Zx
v 7465-CTO, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Yx, 3Mx, D2x, D3x
v 7466-CTO, 3Dx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 93x, 94x
v 7469-CTO, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Px, 5Sx, 6Fx, 6Nx, 6Rx, 6Wx, 6Zx, 72x, 73x, 75x, 7Ex, 7Gx, 7Kx,
7Mx, 7Sx, 7Ux, 84x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 8Bx, 8Jx, GAx
v 7470-CTO, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Jx, 6Mx, 6Ux
v
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO, 4Gx, 4Wx, 8Gx, KWx
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO, F7x, FUx, FYx, G9x, GYx, GZx, R3x
v 3680-CTO, P6x, PCx, PGx
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO, 23x, 25x, 27x, 3Vx, 3Yx
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO, F7x, FBx, FKx, G3x, G5x
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
42W8019 *
16 SATA solid state drive, 64 GB OP
v 7454-CTO, 24x, 2Gx, 3Nx
v 7455-CTO, 34x, 38x
v 7457-CTO, 4Cx, 4Ex
v 7458-CTO, 73x, 76x
v 7459-CTO, 6Kx, 6Mx
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Zx
v 7465-CTO, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Yx, 3Mx, D2x, D3x
v 7466-CTO, 3Dx, 3Ex, 3Fx
v 7469-CTO, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Px, 6Fx, 73x, 7Ex, 7Sx, 84x, 8Bx
v 7470-CTO, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Jx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T1898 **
Parts list 235

--- Page 244 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
16 SATA solid state drive, 64 GB
v 7454-CTO, 24x, 2Gx, 3Nx
v 7455-CTO, 34x, 38x
v 7457-CTO, 4Cx, 4Ex
v 7458-CTO, 73x, 76x
v 7459-CTO, 6Kx, 6Mx
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Zx
v 7465-CTO, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Yx, 3Mx, D2x, D3x
v 7466-CTO, 3Dx, 3Ex, 3Fx
v 7469-CTO, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Px, 6Fx, 73x, 7Ex, 7Sx, 84x, 8Bx
v 7470-CTO, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Jx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
41W0520 **
16 SATA solid state drive, 64 GB
v 7454-CTO, 24x, 2Gx, 3Nx
v 7455-CTO, 34x, 38x
v 7457-CTO, 4Cx, 4Ex
v 7458-CTO, 73x, 76x
v 7459-CTO, 6Kx, 6Mx
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Zx
v 7465-CTO, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Yx, 3Mx, D2x, D3x
v 7466-CTO, 3Dx, 3Ex, 3Fx
v 7469-CTO, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Px, 6Fx, 73x, 7Ex, 7Sx, 84x, 8Bx
v 7470-CTO, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Jx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
45N8201 **
16 SATA solid state drive, 80 GB
v 7454-CTO, 9Jx
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO, 66x, E3x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO, 93x, 94x
v 7469-CTO, 72x, 7Gx, 7Kx, 7Mx, 7Ux
v 7470-CTO, 6Mx, 6Ux
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
41W0516 **
236 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 245 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
16 SATA solid state drive, 80 GB
v 7454-CTO, 9Jx
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO, 66x, E3x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO, 93x, 94x
v 7469-CTO, 72x, 7Gx, 7Kx, 7Mx, 7Ux
v 7470-CTO, 6Mx, 6Ux
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO, GZx
v 3680-CTO, PCx
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO, FBx
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
41W0524 **
16 SATA solid state drive, 128 GB
v 7454-CTO, 2Jx, 9Gx
v 7455-CTO, 3Bx, 3Gx, 3Ux, FJx
v 7457-CTO, 4Fx
v 7458-CTO, 2Ax, 58x, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 77x, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Wx, FCx, GFx
v 7459-CTO, 6Nx, 72x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO, 6Nx, 6Rx, 6Wx, 6Zx, 75x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 8Jx, GAx
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
41W0519 *
Parts list 237

--- Page 246 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
16 SATA solid state drive, 128 GB
v 7454-CTO, 2Jx, 9Gx
v 7455-CTO, 3Bx, 3Gx, 3Ux, FJx
v 7457-CTO, 4Fx
v 7458-CTO, 2Ax, 58x, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 77x, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Wx, FCx, GFx
v 7459-CTO, 6Nx, 72x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO, 6Nx, 6Rx, 6Wx, 6Zx, 75x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 8Jx, GAx
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO, 4Gx, 4Wx, 8Gx, KWx
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO, F7x, FUx, FYx, G9x, GYx, R3x
v 3680-CTO, P6x, PGx
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO, 23x, 25x, 27x, 3Vx, 3Yx
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO, F7x, FKx, G3x, G5x
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
45N8203 **
238 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 247 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
16 SATA solid state drive, 128 GB
v 7454-CTO, 2Jx, 9Gx
v 7455-CTO, 3Bx, 3Gx, 3Ux, FJx
v 7457-CTO, 4Fx
v 7458-CTO, 2Ax, 58x, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 77x, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Wx, FCx, GFx
v 7459-CTO, 6Nx, 72x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO, 6Nx, 6Rx, 6Wx, 6Zx, 75x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 8Jx, GAx
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO, 4Gx, 4Wx, 8Gx, KWx
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO, F7x, FUx, FYx, G9x, GYx, R3x
v 3680-CTO, P6x, PGx
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO, 23x, 25x, 27x, 3Vx, 3Yx
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO, F7x, FKx, G3x, G5x
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
45N7953 **
16 SATA solid state drive, FDE, 128 GB,
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
45N8205 **
Parts list 239

--- Page 248 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
16 SATA solid state drive, FDE, 128 GB
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
45N7955 **
16 SATA solid state drive, 160 GB
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
41W0522 **
240 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 249 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
16 SATA solid state drive, FDE, 256 GB
v 7454-CTO, 3Qx
v 7455-CTO, 4Ax
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO, 3Kx
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
45N8207 **
16 SATA solid state drive, FDE, 256 GB
v 7454-CTO, 3Qx
v 7455-CTO, 4Ax
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO, 3Kx
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
45N7959 **
Parts list 241

--- Page 250 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
17 DVD drive
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T2541 *
17 DVD drive
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T2553 *
17 DVD/CD-RW combo drive
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO, DBx, DFx
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, 7Cx
v 7459-CTO, 6Ax
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO, 72x, 79x
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T2543 *
242 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 251 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
17 DVD/CD-RW combo drive
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO, DBx, DFx
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, 7Cx
v 7459-CTO, 6Ax
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO, 72x, 79x
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T2555 *
17 DVD-RAM/RW drive
v 7454-CTO, 2Kx, 2Mx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Zx, 34x, 36x, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Sx, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 96x,
98x, 9Gx, 9Jx
v 7455-CTO, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 43x, 4Rx, 87x, 88x, 8Ax, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Px, D7x, D8x, DLx,
DMx, DYx, DZx, FHx
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, 2Tx, 2Vx, 5Nx, 5Qx, 5Rx, 67x, 6Nx, 7Bx, 7Qx, 85x, 87x, 8Gx, 8Kx, 8Nx, M3x
v 7459-CTO, 65x, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Ux
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 46x
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Nx, 43x, 44x, 9Yx, 9Zx
v 7469-CTO, 5Sx, 5Xx, 6Gx, 77x, 7Bx, 7Ex, 84x, GAx
v 7470-CTO, 6Gx, 6Nx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T2545 *
17 DVD-RAM/RW drive
v 7454-CTO, 2Kx, 2Mx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Zx, 34x, 36x, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Sx, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 96x,
98x, 9Gx, 9Jx
v 7455-CTO, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 43x, 4Rx, 87x, 88x, 8Ax, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Px, D7x, D8x, DLx,
DMx, DYx, DZx, FHx
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, 2Tx, 2Vx, 5Nx, 5Qx, 5Rx, 67x, 6Nx, 7Bx, 7Qx, 85x, 87x, 8Gx, 8Kx, 8Nx, M3x
v 7459-CTO, 65x, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Ux
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 46x
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Nx, 43x, 44x, 9Yx, 9Zx
v 7469-CTO, 5Sx, 5Xx, 6Gx, 77x, 7Bx, 7Ex, 84x, GAx
v 7470-CTO, 6Gx, 6Nx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T2557 *
Parts list 243

--- Page 252 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
17 DVD-RAM/RW drive
v 7454-CTO, 2Kx, 2Mx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Zx, 34x, 36x, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Sx, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 96x,
98x, 9Gx, 9Jx
v 7455-CTO, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 43x, 4Rx, 87x, 88x, 8Ax, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Px, D7x, D8x, DLx,
DMx, DYx, DZx, FHx
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, 2Tx, 2Vx, 5Nx, 5Qx, 5Rx, 67x, 6Nx, 7Bx, 7Qx, 85x, 87x, 8Gx, 8Kx, 8Nx, M3x
v 7459-CTO, 65x, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Ux
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 46x
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Nx, 43x, 44x, 9Yx, 9Zx
v 7469-CTO, 5Sx, 5Xx, 6Gx, 77x, 7Bx, 7Ex, 84x, GAx
v 7470-CTO, 6Gx, 6Nx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T2551 *
17 DVD-RAM/RW drive
v 3249-CTO, 2Gx, 2Hx, 2Jx
v 3323-CTO, 9Gx, 9Hx, K4x, K5x, K8x, K9x, KDx, KEx
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO, F5x, F6x, FAx, GNx
v 3680-CTO, F9x, P9x, PBx
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO, 46x, 47x, 4Ax, 4Bx
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO, FEx
v 5413-CTO, FEx
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
45N7457 *
17 DVD-RAM/RW drive
v 3249-CTO, 2Gx, 2Hx, 2Jx
v 3323-CTO, 9Gx, 9Hx, K4x, K5x, K8x, K9x, KDx, KEx
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO, F5x, F6x, FAx, GNx
v 3680-CTO, F9x, P9x, PBx
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO, 46x, 47x, 4Ax, 4Bx
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO, FEx
v 5413-CTO, FEx
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
45N7453 *
244 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 253 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
17 DVD-RAM/RW drive
v 3249-CTO, 2Gx, 2Hx, 2Jx
v 3323-CTO, 9Gx, 9Hx, K4x, K5x, K8x, K9x, KDx, KEx
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO, F5x, F6x, FAx, GNx
v 3680-CTO, F9x, P9x, PBx
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO, 46x, 47x, 4Ax, 4Bx
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO, FEx
v 5413-CTO, FEx
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
45N7451 *
17 Blu-ray disk drive
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, 6Px
v 7459-CTO, 66x, 6Tx, E3x, H2x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO, 8Qx
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T2559 *
17 Blu-ray disk drive
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
45N7459 *
Parts list 245

--- Page 254 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
18 ThinkPad X200 UltraBase
v 7454-CTO, 2Kx, 2Mx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Zx, 34x, 36x, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Sx, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 96x,
98x, 9Gx, 9Jx
v 7455-CTO, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 43x, 4Rx, 87x, 88x, 8Ax, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Px, D7x, D8x, DBx,
DFx, DLx, DMx, DYx, DZx, FHx
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, 2Tx, 2Vx, 5Nx, 5Qx, 5Rx, 67x, 6Nx, 6Px, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Qx, 85x, 87x, 8Gx, 8Kx,
8Nx, M3x
v 7459-CTO, 65x, 66x, 6Ax, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, E3x, H2x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Jx, 43x, 44x, H2x, H3x, H4x
v 7469-CTO, 5Fx, 5Jx, 5Lx, 5Px, 5Vx, 5Wx, 6Gx, 73x, 7Vx, 8Px, GBx
v 7470-CTO, 6Ex, 6Jx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-CTO, 2Gx, 2Hx, 2Jx
v 3323-CTO, 9Gx, 9Hx, K4x, K5x, K8x, K9x, KDx, KEx
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO, F5x, F6x, FAx, GNx
v 3680-CTO, F9x, P9x, PBx
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO, 46x, 47x, 4Ax, 4Bx
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO, FEx
v 5413-CTO, FEx
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
42X4963 *
19 DIMM door kit 44C9555 N
20 Base cover assembly for 7454 44C9559 N
20 Base cover assembly for 7455 44C9560 N
20 Base cover assembly for 7457 44C9561 N
20 Base cover assembly for 7458 44C9562 N
20 Base cover assembly for 7459 42X5178 N
20 Base cover assembly for 2023 42X5180 N
20 Base cover assembly for 2024 42X5182 N
20 Base cover assembly for 7462 45N3240 N
20 Base cover assembly for 7465 45N3237 N
20 Base cover assembly for 7466 45N3238 N
20 Base cover assembly for 7469 45N3241 N
20 Base cover assembly for 7470 45N3242 N
20 Base cover assembly for 2046 45N3243 N
20 Base cover assembly for 2047 45N3244 N
20 Base cover assembly for X201 and X201i 75Y4455
20 Base cover assembly for X201s 75Y4652
246 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 255 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
21 Fan assembly, NV, 25 W for X200
v 7454-all
v 7455-all
v 7457-all
v 7458-all
v 7459-all
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
45N4782 N
21 Fan assembly, NV, 35 W for X200
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
44C9550 N
21 Fan assembly, LV for X200s
v 7462-CTO, 43x, 44x, 45x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx, 4Kx,
4Lx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Zx, FMx, FPx, FQx, FRx, FSx, FTx
v 7465-CTO, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Dx, 2Fx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px,
2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Yx, 2Zx, 3Jx, D2x, D3x
v 7466-CTO, 33x, 34x, 35x, 38x, 39x, 3Bx, 3Cx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx,
3Nx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 43x, 44x, 45x, 4Nx, 4Px,
4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Wx, 4Xx, 54x, 55x, 56x, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Hx, 5Xx, 5Yx,
92x, 93x, 94x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Hx, FZx, H8x,
H9x, HAx, HBx, HCx, HDx, N2x
v 7469-CTO, 52x, 53x, 54x, 5Bx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Sx, 5Tx,
5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Hx,
6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 72x, 73x,
74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 78x, 79x, 7Ax, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx, 7Gx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx,
7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Qx, 7Rx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Xx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 86x,
87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px,
8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 95x, 96x, 98x, 99x, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Gx, G9x, GAx
v 7470-CTO, 5Gx, 5Hx, 64x, 65x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx,
6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Ux, 72x, 74x, 75x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
45N3235 N
Parts list 247

--- Page 256 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
21 Fan assembly, ULV for X200s
v 7462-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx,
2Hx, 42x, 46x, 4Jx, 4Mx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx,
FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FNx, FUx, FVx
v 7465-CTO, 2Ex, 2Hx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Sx, 3Yx,
3Zx, D4x, D6x, D7x, D8x, D9x, DAx, DBx, DCx, DDx, DEx, DFx, DGx, DHx, DJx, DKx,
G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx
v 7466-CTO, 32x, 3Ax, 3Dx, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Hx, 4Jx,
4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Vx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 52x, 53x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx,
5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Zx, 9Gx, 9Jx, 9Kx, 9Lx, 9Mx, 9Nx,
9Px, 9Qx, 9Rx, 9Sx, 9Tx, 9Ux, 9Vx, 9Wx, 9Xx, 9Yx, 9Zx, DLx, DMx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x,
F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx,
FPx, FQx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, H2x, H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x,
HEx
v 7469-CTO, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Cx, 5Fx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Rx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x,
8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, 93x, 94x, 97x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, E2x, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x,
G6x, G7x, G8x, GBx, GCx
v 7470-CTO, 62x, 63x, 6Bx, 6Ex, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Vx, 73x, 76x, 77x, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Zx, E2x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
45N3236 N
21 Fan assembly, NV for X201 and X201i 60Y5422 N
21 Fan assembly, LV for X201s 60Y5423 N
22a Speaker kit for X200 and X200s 44C9551 N
22a Speaker kit for X201s 75Y4690 N
22b Speaker kit for X201 and X201i 60Y5409 N
23 ExpressCard slot 44C9552 N
24 Palm rest assembly without fingerprint reader, with Logo plate, 35W for X200
v 7454-CTO, 2Nx, 3Hx, 3Kx, 3Rx, 3Tx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 92x, 9Lx, G2x, G8x, G9x, GCx, GDx,
GFx, GGx, GHx, GNx, GPx
v 7455-CTO, 39x, 3Cx, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 85x, 86x, 8Cx, D5x, D6x, DAx, DEx, DGx, DHx,
DXx, F2x, F3x, F4x, FTx, FYx
v 7457-CTO, 4Ax, 4Gx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 52x, 53x, 55x, 56x, 57x
v 7458-CTO, 22x, 2Fx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 5Dx, 63x, 69x, 74x, 78x, 7Fx, 7Gx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Mx, 7Nx,
7Wx, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Qx, 8Wx, F2x, F3x, FNx, FPx, FTx, X5x
v 7459-CTO, 5Fx, 68x, 6Bx, 6Lx, 6Px, 6Vx, H3x, M4x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
45N4361 **
248 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 257 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
24 Palm rest assembly with fingerprint reader, with Logo plate, 35W for X200
v 7454-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Gx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Px,
2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Yx, 2Zx, 32x, 33x, 34x, 36x, 38x, 3Jx, 3Lx,
3Mx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Sx, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 93x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Fx, 9Gx,
9Hx, 9Jx, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, GBx, GEx, GJx, GKx, GLx, GMx
v 7455-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 36x, 38x, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Dx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx,
3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 42x, 43x, 44x,
45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx,
4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx,
8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx,
8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, D2x, D3x, D7x, D8x, D9x, DBx, DCx, DDx, DFx, DJx, DKx, DLx,
DMx, DNx, DPx, DQx, DRx, DSx, DTx, DUx, DVx, DWx, DYx, DZx, F5x, F6x, F7x, F9x,
FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FRx, FSx, FUx,
FVx, FWx, FXx, FZx, N2x, N3x, N4x, N5x, P2x, P3x, P4x, P5x, P6x, P7x, P9x, PAx, PBx,
PCx, PDx, PEx, PFx, PGx, PHx, PJx
v 7457-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Kx, 4Lx,
4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 54x, 58x
v 7458-CTO, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Qx,
2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Vx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Ex,
5Fx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 62x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 6Ax,
6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx,
6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 72x, 73x, 76x, 77x, 79x, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Px, 7Qx, 7Rx, 7Sx,
7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Xx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx,
8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, E2x, F4x, F5x, F6x,
F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FQx, FSx, FUx,
FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GBx, GCx, GDx, GEx, GFx,
M2x, M3x, X4x
v 7459-CTO, 5Ex, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Jx,
6Kx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Wx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, E3x,
H2x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, M2x, M3x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
45N4362 **
24 Palm rest assembly without fingerprint reader, without touch pad, with Logo plate, 35W
for X201 and X201i
v 3249-CTO, 27x, 29x
v 3323-CTO, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Nx, LFx, R2x
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO, GTx, H2x, H6x
v 3680-CTO, P7x, PAx, PDx, PHx
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
60Y5414 **
24 Palm rest assembly without fingerprint reader, with touch pad, with Logo plate, 35W for
X201 and X201i
v 3249-CTO, 24x, 2Cx, 2Fx, 2Kx, 2Lx, J2x, J4x, J5x, J8x, J9x
v 3323-CTO, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 4Bx, 4Cx, 54x, 86x, 87x, 8Bx, 8Tx, KFx, KGx, KNx
v 3357-CTO, D4x, D6x
v 3626-CTO, F3x, F9x, G3x, G4x, G5x, GAx, GBx
v 3680-CTO, P2x, F8x
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
60Y5415 **
Parts list 249

--- Page 258 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
24 Palm rest assembly with fingerprint reader, without touch pad, with Logo plate, 35W for
X201 and X201i
v 3249-CTO, 26x, 28x
v 3323-CTO, 42x, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Px, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 56x, 57x, 58x, 5Hx,
5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 62x, 63x, 64x,
65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx,
6Nx, 6Px, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 78x, 79x,
7Ax, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx, 7Gx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Rx, 7Sx, 7Tx,
7Ux, 7Vx, 7Wx, 7Xx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x, 85x
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO, FDx, FEx, FHx, FJx, FMx, FUx, FYx
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
60Y5416 **
24 Palm rest assembly with fingerprint reader, with touch pad, with Logo plate, 35W for
X201 and X201i
v 3249-CTO, 22x, 23x, 25x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Gx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Lx, 2Mx, J3x, J6x, J7x, JAx
v 3323-CTO, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 52x, 53x, 55x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx,
5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Nx,
8Px, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, 92x, 93x, 94x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax,
9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, K2x, K3x, K4x, K5x, K6x, K7x, K8x, K9x, KAx, KCx,
KDx, KEx, KHx, KJx, KLx, KMx, KPx, KRx, KSx, KTx, KUx, KVx, KWx, KYx, KZx,
L2x, L3x, L4x, L5x, L6x, L7x, L8x, LAx, LBx, LCx, LDx, LEx
v 3357-CTO, D2x, D3x, D5x, D7x
v 3626-CTO, 11x, F2x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FFx, FGx, FKx, FLx, FNx,
FPx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FZx, G2x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GCx, GDx, GEx,
GFx, GHx, GHx, GJx, GJx, GKx, GLx, GMx, GNx, GPx, GRx, GSx, GUx, GVx, GWx,
GXx, GYx, GZx, H3x, H4x, H5x, H7x, R3x, N2x
v 3680-CTO, 11x, F7x, F9x, FAx, FBx, P3x, P4x, P5x, P6x, P8x, P9x, PBx, PCx, PEx, PFx,
PGx, PJx, N2x
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
60Y5417 **
24 Palm rest assembly without fingerprint reader, 25W for X200s
v 7462-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx, 42x, 4Wx,
4x,x, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FKx, FLx,
FNx
v 7465-CTO, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Zx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, D2x,
D3x, D4x, D6x, D7x, D8x, D9x, DAx, DBx, DCx, DDx, DEx, DGx, DHx, DJx, DKx, G2x,
G3x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x
v 7466-CTO, 3Mx, 3Nx, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Yx, 4Zx,
52x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 9Jx, 9Rx,
9Xx, DLx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F9x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FNx,
FVx, H3x, H5x, H6x, H7x
v 7469-CTO, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Cx, 5Fx, 5Kx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 6Fx, 7Mx, 86x, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Xx,
9Ax, 9Bx, G6x, G7x, GCx
v 7470-CTO, 62x, 63x, 65x, 6Rx, 6Sx, E2x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
45N4363 **
250 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 259 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
24 Palm rest assembly with fingerprint reader, 25W for X200s
v 7462-CTO, 26x, 2Bx, 2Hx, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex,
4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Yx, 4Zx,
F9x, FEx, FJx, FMx, FPx, FQx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx
v 7465-CTO, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Mx,
2Nx, 2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Yx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Vx, 3Zx, DFx, G4x, GAx,
GBx
v 7466-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 38x, 39x, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Cx, 3Dx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Hx, 3Jx,
3Kx, 3Lx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x,
4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x,
57x, 58x, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Hx, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 92x, 93x, 94x, 95x,
96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, 9Kx, 9Lx, 9Mx, 9Nx, 9Px,
9Qx, 9Sx, 9Tx, 9Ux, 9Vx, 9Wx, 9Yx, 9Zx, DMx, F7x, F8x, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FPx, FQx,
FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx, H2x, H4x, H8x, H9x, HAx, HBx, HCx, HDx,
HEx, N2x
v 7469-CTO, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 5Bx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx,
5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax,
6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx,
6Wx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 78x, 79x, 7Ax, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx,
7Gx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Qx, 7Rx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Xx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x,
83x, 84x, 85x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Lx,
8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Wx, 8Yx, 8Zx, 93x, 94x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x,
9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Gx, E2x, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx
v 7470-CTO, 5Gx, 5Hx, 64x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx, 6Kx,
6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Zx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
45N4364 **
24 Palm rest assembly without fingerprint reader, without touch pad, with Logo plate, 25W
for X201s
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO, F4x, F9x
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
60Y5418 **
24 Palm rest assembly without fingerprint reader, with touch pad, with Logo plate, 25W for
X201s
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO, 4Hx, 4Jx
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
60Y5419 **
Parts list 251

--- Page 260 ---
Table 37. Parts list—Overall (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
24 Palm rest assembly with fingerprint reader, without touch pad, with Logo plate, 25W for
X201s
v 5129-CTO, 72x
v 5143-CTO, 22x, 23x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Mx,
2Nx, 2Px, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Yx, 2Zx, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 36x, 37x, 38x, 39x,
3Ax
v 5385-CTO, D2x
v 5397-CTO, F2x FHx FKx FSx FTx FUx FVx
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
60Y5420 **
24 Palm rest assembly with fingerprint reader, with touch pad, with Logo plate, 25W for
X201s
v 5129-CTO, 73x, R1x
v 5143-CTO, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x,
47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Gx
v 5385-CTO, D3x, D4x
v 5397-CTO, F3x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FJx, FMx, FNx,
FPx, FRx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx
v 5413-CTO, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, L2x, L3x, L4x, L5x
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
60Y5421 **
25 Keyboard (see “Keyboard” on page 286.)
26 TrackPoint stick caps 91P9642 *
— Non-mercury label (cover the notice for mercury for LED-backlight LCD models) 45N5784 *
— AC adapter (see “AC adapters” on page 287.)
252 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 261 ---
LCD FRUs
In ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s, there are following types
of LCDs.
v “12.1-in. WXGA TFT” on page 254
v “12.1-in. WXGA+ TFT” on page 281
Parts list 253

--- Page 262 ---
12.1-in. WXGA TFT
1
3
4
5
7
6
9
8
2
10
254 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 263 ---
Table 38. Parts list—12.1-in. WXGA TFT
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
1 LCD bezel assembly
v 7454-all
v 7455-all
v 7457-all
v 7458-all
v 7459-all
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx,
2Hx, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx,
4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x,
FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FRx, FSx, FUx, FVx
v 7465-CTO, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Dx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx,
2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Zx, 3Jx, 3Lx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx,
3Yx, 3Zx, D4x, D6x, D7x, D8x, D9x, DAx, DBx, DCx, DDx, DEx, DFx, DGx, DHx, DJx,
DKx, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx
v 7466-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 38x, 39x, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Xx, 3Yx,
3Zx, 43x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx,
4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Sx, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x,
59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx,
5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 92x, 93x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx,
9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, 9Jx, 9Kx, 9Lx, 9Mx, 9Nx, 9Px, 9Qx, 9Rx, 9Sx, 9Tx, 9Ux,
9Vx, 9Wx, 9Xx, 9Yx, 9Zx, DLx, DMx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx,
FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx,
FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx, H2x, H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, H8x, H9x, HAx, HBx, HCx,
HDx, HEx, N2x
v 7469-CTO, 52x, 53x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx,
5Jx, 5Kx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx,
6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx,
72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 79x, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Qx, 7Rx,
7Sx, 7Tx, 7Xx, 83x, 84x, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux,
8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, 93x, 94x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex,
9Gx, E2x, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx, GCx
v 7470-CTO, 5Gx, 5Hx, 62x, 63x, 65x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Hx, 6Px, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx,
72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Zx, E2x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-all
v 3323-all
v 3357-all
v 3626-all
v 3680-all
v 3712-all
v 4492-all
44C9541 N
Parts list 255

--- Page 264 ---
Table 38. Parts list—12.1-in. WXGA TFT (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
2 LCD bracket L/R
v 7454-all
v 7455-all
v 7457-all
v 7458-all
v 7459-all
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx,
2Hx, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx,
4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x,
FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FRx, FSx, FUx, FVx
v 7465-CTO, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Dx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx,
2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Zx, 3Jx, 3Lx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx,
3Yx, 3Zx, D4x, D6x, D7x, D8x, D9x, DAx, DBx, DCx, DDx, DEx, DFx, DGx, DHx, DJx,
DKx, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx
v 7466-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 38x, 39x, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Xx, 3Yx,
3Zx, 43x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx,
4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Sx, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x,
59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx,
5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 92x, 93x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx,
9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, 9Jx, 9Kx, 9Lx, 9Mx, 9Nx, 9Px, 9Qx, 9Rx, 9Sx, 9Tx, 9Ux,
9Vx, 9Wx, 9Xx, 9Yx, 9Zx, DLx, DMx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx,
FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx,
FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx, H2x, H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, H8x, H9x, HAx, HBx, HCx,
HDx, HEx, N2x
v 7469-CTO, 52x, 53x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx,
5Jx, 5Kx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx,
6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx,
72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 79x, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Qx, 7Rx,
7Sx, 7Tx, 7Xx, 83x, 84x, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux,
8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, 93x, 94x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex,
9Gx, E2x, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx, GCx
v 7470-CTO, 5Gx, 5Hx, 62x, 63x, 65x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Hx, 6Px, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx,
72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Zx, E2x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-all
v 3323-all
v 3357-all
v 3626-all
v 3680-all
v 3712-all
v 4492-all
44C9545 N
256 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 265 ---
Table 38. Parts list—12.1-in. WXGA TFT (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
3 Wireless LAN antenna kit
v 7454-CTO, 26x, 29x, 2Gx, 2Hx, 2Nx, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Yx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Yx,
3Zx, 92x, 95x, 97x, 98x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GFx, GGx, GLx, GMx
v 7455-CTO, 36x, 38x, 39x, 3Cx, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Rx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 49x, 4Hx,
4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 85x, 86x, 8Nx, D5x, D6x, DAx, DCx, DDx, DEx, DGx,
DHx, DMx, DSx, DTx, DXx, N3x, N4x
v 7457-CTO, 45x, 48x, 4Ax, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Gx, 4Hx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 52x, 55x
v 7458-CTO, 22x, 24x, 25x, 27x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Sx, 54x, 56x, 57x, 5Dx, 5Ex, 64x, 69x, 6Qx, 6Xx,
72x, 73x, 74x, 78x, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Sx, 7Wx, 88x, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Jx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Yx, F2x,
F3x, F4x, FDx, FHx, FJx, FNx, FPx, FTx, FUx, FYx, G3x, G7x, M2x
v 7459-CTO, 68x, 69x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Gx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Px, 72x, H3x, H4x, H6x, H7x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Cx, 2Dx, 42x, 47x, 48x, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx,
4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, F2x, F4x, F6x, F7x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FFx, FGx, FLx, FMx, FNx,
FSx
v 7465-CTO, 23x, 24x, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Zx, 3Lx,
3Nx, 3Px, 3Rx, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, D4x, DCx, DDx, DEx, DFx, G2x, G5x, G6x, G7x
v 7466-CTO, 32x, 34x, 35x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx,
4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Sx, 4Vx, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Rx, 5Vx, 5Wx,
5Zx, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, 9Jx, 9Kx, 9Rx, 9x,x, DLx, DMx, F9x, FAx, FNx, FPx, FQx, H5x,
H6x, H7x
v 7469-CTO, 52x, 53x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Sx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x,
67x, 68x, 7Lx, 7Xx, 8Ex, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 97x, 9Bx, 9Cx, G2x, G6x, G7x, G8x
v 7470-CTO, 5Gx, 5Hx, 62x, 63x, 65x, 68x, 6Ux, 72x, 76x, 8Ux
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-CTO, 24x, 25x, 27x, 2Cx, 2Kx, 2Lx, J2x, J5x, JAx
v 3323-CTO, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Fx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Yx, 54x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx,
5Nx, 5Px, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 69x,
6Ax, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx,
6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 78x, 79x, 7Ax, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx,
7Ex, 7Fx, 7Gx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Wx, 7Xx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 86x, 87x
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO, F9x, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FZx, G2x, G3x, G4x, GAx
v 3680-CTO, F8x
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
44C5393 N
Parts list 257

--- Page 266 ---
Table 38. Parts list—12.1-in. WXGA TFT (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
3 Wireless LAN/WAN antenna kit
v 7454-CTO, 23x, 24x, 25x, 28x, 2Jx, 2Mx, 2Px, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Zx, 32x, 33x, 34x, 36x,
38x, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 93x, 96x, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Gx, 9Hx,
9Jx, 9Lx, G2x, G3x, GBx, GCx, GDx, GEx, GHx, GJx, GKx, GNx, GPx
v 7455-CTO, 33x, 34x, 35x, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Dx, 3Ex, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Xx,
3Yx, 3Zx, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Qx, 4Rx,
4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx,
8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx,
8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, D2x, D3x, D7x, D8x, D9x, DBx, DFx, DJx, DKx, DLx, DNx, DPx, DQx,
DRx, DUx, DVx, DWx, DYx, DZx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F9x, FBx, FCx, FDx,
FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx,
FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx, N2x, N5x, P2x, P3x, P4x, P5x, P6x, P7x, P9x, PAx, PBx, PCx, PDx,
PEx, PFx, PGx, PHx, PJx
v 7457-CTO, 43x, 44x, 47x, 49x, 4Bx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Wx,
53x, 54x, 56x, 57x, 58x
v 7458-CTO, 26x, 28x, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Tx,
2Vx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 52x, 53x, 55x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx,
5Sx, 5Tx, 62x, 63x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx,
6Px, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 76x, 77x, 79x, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Ex, 7Fx, 7Gx,
7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Px, 7Qx, 7Rx, 7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Xx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x, 85x,
86x, 87x, 8Ax, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Sx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Zx, E2x, F5x, F6x,
F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FCx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FQx, FSx, FVx, FWx, FXx, G4x,
G5x, G6x, G8x, G9x, GBx, GCx, GDx, GEx, GFx, M3x, X4x
v 7459-CTO, 5Ex, 5Fx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 6Ax, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Jx, 6Mx, 6Nx,
6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 73x, 74x, 75x, E3x, H2x, H5x, M2x,
M3x, M4x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 25x, 26x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx, 2Hx, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 4Bx, 4Gx, F3x,
F5x, F8x, F9x, FDx, FEx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FRx, FUx, FVx
v 7465-CTO, 2Lx, 3Jx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Yx, 3Zx, D6x, D8x, DAx, DBx, DJx, G3x, G4x, G8x,
G9x, GAx, GBx
v 7466-CTO, 33x, 38x, 39x, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 43x, 4Ex,
4Fx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx,
5Hx, 5Jx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Xx, 5Yx, 92x, 93x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx,
9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Lx, 9Mx, 9Nx, 9Qx, 9Sx, 9Tx, 9Ux, 9Wx, 9Yx, 9Zx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x,
F6x, F7x, F8x, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FRx, FSx, FTx,
FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx, H2x, H4x, H8x, H9x, HAx, HBx, HCx, HDx, HEx, N2x
v 7469-CTO, 55x, 56x, 57x, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Tx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx,
6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx,
72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 79x, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Qx, 7Rx, 7Sx,
7Tx, 83x, 84x, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Fx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Zx, 93x, 94x,
95x, 96x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Gx, E2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G9x, GAx, GBx, GCx
v 7470-CTO, 69x, 6Ax, 6Hx, 6Px, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Vx, 73x, 74x, 75x, 77x, 8Tx, 8Zx, E2x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
(continued)
44C5395 N
258 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 267 ---
Table 38. Parts list—12.1-in. WXGA TFT (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
3 (continued)
Wireless LAN/WAN antenna kit
v 3249-CTO, 22x, 23x, 26x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Lx, 2Mx,
J3x, J4x, J6x, J7x, J8x, J9x
v 3323-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Gx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx,
4Px, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Zx, 52x, 53x, 55x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex,
5Fx, 5Gx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Rx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex,
8Fx, 8Gx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, 92x,
93x, 94x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, K2x, K3x,
K4x, K5x, K6x, K7x, K8x, K9x, KAx, KCx, KDx, KEx, KFx, KGx, KHx, KJx, KLx, KMx,
KNx, KPx, KRx, KSx, KTx, KUx, KVx, KWx, KYx, KZx, L2x, L3x, L4x, L5x, L6x, L7x,
L8x, LAx, LBx, LCx, LDx, LEx, LFx, R2x
v 3357-CTO, D2x, D3x, D4x, D5x, D6x, D7x
v 3626-CTO, 11x, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FRx,
FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GBx, GCx, GDx, GEx,
GFx, GHx, GHx, GJx, GJx, GKx, GLx, GMx, GNx, GPx, GRx, GSx, GTx, GUx, GVx,
GWx, GXx, GYx, GZx, H2x, H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, R3x, N2x
v 3680-CTO, 11x, F7x, F9x, FAx, FBx, P2x, P3x, P4x, P5x, P6x, P7x, P8x, P9x, PAx, PBx,
PCx, PDx, PEx, PFx, PGx, PHx, PJx, N2x
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
44C5395 N
3 Wireless LAN/WAN/USB antenna kit
v 7454-CTO, 22x, 27x, 2Kx, 2Lx, 9Fx
v 7455-CTO, 32x
v 7457-CTO, 42x, 46x
v 7458-CTO, 5Fx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 7Dx, 89x, 8Ex, 8Rx, 8Tx, X5x
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 49x, 4Ax, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Hx
v 7465-CTO, 25x, 26x, 28x, 29x, 2Dx, D7x, D9x, DGx, DHx, DKx
v 7466-CTO, 9Px, 9Vx, H3x
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
44C5394 N
Parts list 259

--- Page 268 ---
Table 38. Parts list—12.1-in. WXGA TFT (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
4 Hinge L/R
v 7454-all
v 7455-all
v 7457-all
v 7458-all
v 7459-all
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx,
2Hx, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx,
4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x,
FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FRx, FSx, FUx, FVx
v 7465-CTO, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Dx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx,
2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Zx, 3Jx, 3Lx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx,
3Yx, 3Zx, D4x, D6x, D7x, D8x, D9x, DAx, DBx, DCx, DDx, DEx, DFx, DGx, DHx, DJx,
DKx, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx
v 7466-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 38x, 39x, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Xx, 3Yx,
3Zx, 43x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx,
4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Sx, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x,
59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx,
5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 92x, 93x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx,
9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, 9Jx, 9Kx, 9Lx, 9Mx, 9Nx, 9Px, 9Qx, 9Rx, 9Sx, 9Tx, 9Ux,
9Vx, 9Wx, 9Xx, 9Yx, 9Zx, DLx, DMx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx,
FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx,
FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx, H2x, H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, H8x, H9x, HAx, HBx, HCx,
HDx, HEx, N2x
v 7469-CTO, 52x, 53x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx,
5Jx, 5Kx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx,
6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx,
72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 79x, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Qx, 7Rx,
7Sx, 7Tx, 7Xx, 83x, 84x, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux,
8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, 93x, 94x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex,
9Gx, E2x, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx, GCx
v 7470-CTO, 5Gx, 5Hx, 62x, 63x, 65x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Hx, 6Px, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx,
72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Zx, E2x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-all
v 3323-all
v 3357-all
v 3626-all
v 3680-all
v 3712-all
v 4492-all
44C9544 N
260 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 269 ---
Table 38. Parts list—12.1-in. WXGA TFT (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
5 LCD rear cover assembly
v 7454-all
v 7455-all
v 7457-all
v 7458-all
v 7459-all
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx,
2Hx, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx,
4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x,
FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FRx, FSx, FUx, FVx
v 7465-CTO, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Dx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx,
2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Zx, 3Jx, 3Lx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx,
3Yx, 3Zx, D4x, D6x, D7x, D8x, D9x, DAx, DBx, DCx, DDx, DEx, DFx, DGx, DHx, DJx,
DKx, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx
v 7466-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 38x, 39x, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Xx, 3Yx,
3Zx, 43x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx,
4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Sx, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x,
59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx,
5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 92x, 93x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx,
9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, 9Jx, 9Kx, 9Lx, 9Mx, 9Nx, 9Px, 9Qx, 9Rx, 9Sx, 9Tx, 9Ux,
9Vx, 9Wx, 9Xx, 9Yx, 9Zx, DLx, DMx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx,
FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx,
FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx, H2x, H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, H8x, H9x, HAx, HBx, HCx,
HDx, HEx, N2x
v 7469-CTO, 52x, 53x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx,
5Jx, 5Kx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx,
6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx,
72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 79x, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Qx, 7Rx,
7Sx, 7Tx, 7Xx, 83x, 84x, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux,
8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, 93x, 94x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex,
9Gx, E2x, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx, GCx
v 7470-CTO, 5Gx, 5Hx, 62x, 63x, 65x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Hx, 6Px, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx,
72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Zx, E2x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
44C9543 N
5 LCD rear cover assembly for X201 and X201i 75Y4590 N
Parts list 261

--- Page 270 ---
Table 38. Parts list—12.1-in. WXGA TFT (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
6 CCFL-backlight LCD cable assembly with Bluetooth connector, with camera connector
v 7454-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Gx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx,
2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Yx, 2Zx, 92x, 93x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x,
9Bx, 9Cx, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, 9Jx, 9Lx
v 7455-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 36x, 38x, 39x, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Cx, 3Dx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Hx,
3Jx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, D2x,
D3x, D5x, D6x, D7x, D8x, D9x, DAx, DBx, DCx, DDx, DEx, DFx, DGx, DHx, DJx, DKx,
DLx, DMx, DNx, DPx, DQx, DRx, DSx, DTx, DUx, DVx, DWx, Dx,x, DYx, DZx, N2x,
N3x, N4x, N5x
v 7457-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx,
4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx
v 7458-CTO, 4Xx, 4Yx, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex,
5Fx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 69x, 72x, 73x, 74x, 76x, 77x, 78x,
79x, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx, 7Gx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Qx, 7Rx, 7Sx,
7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Wx, 7Xx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx,
8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Wx,
8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, E2x, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx,
FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx,
G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GBx, GCx, GDx, GEx, GFx, M2x, M3x, X4x, X5x
v 7459-CTO, 5Ex, 5Fx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx,
6Gx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx,
E3x, H2x, H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, M2x, M3x, M4x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx,
4Hx, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x,
F9x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FRx, FSx, FUx,
FVx
v 7465-CTO, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Dx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx,
2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Zx, D4x, D6x, D7x, D8x, D9x, DAx, DBx, DCx, DDx, DEx,
DFx, DGx, DHx, DJx, DKx
v 7466-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 38x, 39x, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Xx, 3Yx,
3Zx, 92x, 93x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, 9Jx, 9Kx,
9Lx, 9Mx, 9Nx, 9Px, 9Qx, 9Rx, 9Sx, 9Tx, 9Ux, 9Vx, 9Wx, 9Xx, 9Yx, 9Zx, DLx, DMx,
H2x, H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, H8x, H9x, HAx, HBx, HCx, HDx, HEx
v 7469-CTO, 52x, 53x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx,
5Jx, 5Kx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 79x, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx,
7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Qx, 7Rx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Xx, 83x, 84x, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Lx,
8Mx, 8Nx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, E2x, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x,
G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx, GCx
v 7470-CTO, 5Gx, 5Hx, 62x, 63x, 65x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Hx, 6Px, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx,
8Tx, 8Ux, 8Zx, E2x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
44C9909 N
262 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 271 ---
Table 38. Parts list—12.1-in. WXGA TFT (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
7 LED-backlight LCD cable assembly with Bluetooth connector, with camera connector
v 7454-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 36x, 38x, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx,
3Tx, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GBx, GCx,
GDx, GEx, GFx, GGx, GHx, GJx, GKx, GLx, GMx, GNx, GPx
v 7455-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx,
4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx,
82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx,
8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, F2x, F3x, F4x,
F5x, F6x, F7x, F9x, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx,
FQx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx, P2x, P3x, P4x, P5x, P6x, P7x, P9x,
PAx, PBx, PCx, PDx, PEx, PFx, PGx, PHx, PJx
v 7457-CTO, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x
v 7458-CTO, 22x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Kx, 2Lx,
2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Vx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 6Ax, 6Bx,
6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx,
6Yx, 6Zx
v 7459-CTO, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx,
2Hx
v 7465-CTO, 3Jx, 3Lx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, G2x, G3x,
G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx
v 7466-CTO, 43x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx,
4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Sx, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x,
58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx,
5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 5Yx, 5Zx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x,
FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FRx, FSx,
FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx, N2x
v 7469-CTO, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx,
6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 93x, 94x, 95x,
96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Gx
v 7470-CTO, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
44C9991 N
Parts list 263

--- Page 272 ---
Table 38. Parts list—12.1-in. WXGA TFT (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
7 (continued)
LED-backlight LCD cable assembly with Bluetooth connector, with camera connector
v 3249-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx,
2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Lx, 2Mx, J2x, J3x, J4x, J5x, J6x, J7x, J8x, J9x, JAx
v 3323-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx,
4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 52x, 53x, 54x,
55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx,
5Nx, 5Px, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 69x,
6Ax, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx,
6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 78x, 79x, 7Ax, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx,
7Ex, 7Fx, 7Gx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Rx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Wx, 7Xx,
7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Jx,
8Kx, 8Lx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, 92x, 93x, 94x, 95x,
96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, K2x, K3x, K4x, K5x, K6x,
K7x, K8x, K9x, KAx, KCx, KDx, KEx, KFx, KGx, KHx, KJx, KLx, KMx, KNx, KPx, KRx,
KSx, KTx, KUx, KVx, KWx, KYx, KZx, L2x, L3x, L4x, L5x, L6x, L7x, L8x, LAx, LBx,
LCx, LDx, LEx, LFx, R2x
v 3357-CTO, D2x, D3x, D4x, D5x, D6x, D7x
v 3626-CTO, 11x, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx,
FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx,
FZx, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx, GCx, GDx, GEx, GFx, GHx,
GHx, GJx, GJx, GKx, GLx, GMx, GNx, GPx, GRx, GSx, GTx, GUx, GVx, GWx, GXx,
GYx, GZx, H2x, H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, R3x, N2x
v 3680-CTO, 11x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx, P2x, P3x, P4x, P5x, P6x, P7x, P8x, P9x, PAx,
PBx, PCx, PDx, PEx, PFx, PGx, PHx, PJx, N2x
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
44C9991 N
264 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 273 ---
Table 38. Parts list—12.1-in. WXGA TFT (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
7 Integrated camera
v 7454-CTO, 23x, 24x, 25x, 28x, 2Jx, 2Mx, 2Px, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Zx, 34x, 36x, 38x,
3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 93x, 96x, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Gx, 9Hx, 9Jx,
9Lx, G2x, G3x, GBx, GCx, GDx, GEx, GHx, GJx, GNx, GPx
v 7455-CTO, 33x, 34x, 35x, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Dx, 3Ex, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Xx,
3Yx, 3Zx, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Qx, 4Rx,
4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx,
8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx,
8Yx, 8Zx, D2x, D3x, D7x, D8x, D9x, DBx, DFx, DJx, DKx, DLx, DNx, DPx, DQx, DRx,
DUx, DVx, DWx, DYx, DZx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F9x, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx,
FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx,
FYx, FZx, N2x, N5x, P2x, P3x, P4x, P5x, P6x, P7x, P9x, PAx, PBx, PCx, PDx, PEx, PFx,
PGx, PHx, PJx
v 7457-CTO, 43x, 44x, 47x, 49x, 4Bx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Wx,
53x, 54x, 56x, 57x, 58x
v 7458-CTO, 26x, 28x, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Tx,
2Vx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 52x, 53x, 55x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx,
5Sx, 5Tx, 62x, 63x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx,
6Px, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 76x, 77x, 79x, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Ex, 7Fx, 7Gx,
7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Px, 7Qx, 7Rx, 7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Xx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x, 85x,
86x, 87x, 8Ax, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Sx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Zx, E2x, F5x, F6x,
F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FCx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FQx, FSx, FVx, FWx, FXx, G4x,
G5x, G6x, G8x, G9x, GBx, GCx, GDx, GEx, GFx, M3x, X4x
v 7459-CTO, 5Ex, 5Fx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 6Ax, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Jx, 6Mx, 6Nx,
6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 73x, 74x, 75x, E3x, H2x, H5x, M2x,
M3x, M4x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 25x, 26x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx, 2Hx, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 4Bx, 4Gx, F3x,
F5x, F8x, F9x, FDx, FEx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FRx, FUx, FVx
v 7465-CTO, 27x, 2Lx, 3Jx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Yx, 3Zx, D6x, D8x, DAx, DBx, DJx, G3x, G4x,
G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx
v 7466-CTO, 33x, 38x, 39x, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 43x, 4Ex,
4Fx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx,
5Hx, 5Jx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Xx, 5Yx, 92x, 93x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx,
9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Lx, 9Mx, 9Nx, 9Qx, 9Sx, 9Tx, 9Ux, 9Wx, 9Yx, 9Zx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x,
F6x, F7x, F8x, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FRx, FSx, FTx,
FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx, H2x, H4x, H8x, H9x, HAx, HBx, HCx, HDx, HEx, N2x
v 7469-CTO, 55x, 56x, 57x, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Tx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx,
6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx,
72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 79x, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Qx, 7Rx, 7Sx,
7Tx, 83x, 84x, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Fx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Zx, 93x, 94x,
95x, 96x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Gx, E2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G9x, GAx, GBx, GCx
v 7470-CTO, 69x, 6Ax, 6Hx, 6Px, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Vx, 73x, 74x, 75x, 77x, 8Tx, 8Zx, E2x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42W8015 N
Parts list 265

--- Page 274 ---
Table 38. Parts list—12.1-in. WXGA TFT (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
7 Integrated camera (Unit 2M)
v 3249-CTO, 22x, 23x, 26x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Gx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Lx, 2Mx, J3x, J4x, J6x, J7x,
J8x, J9x
v 3323-CTO, 42x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx,
52x, 53x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Rx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Ux,
7Vx, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx,
8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, 92x, 93x, 94x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Fx,
9Gx, 9Hx, K2x, K3x, K4x, K5x, K6x, K7x, K8x, K9x, KAx, KCx, KDx, KEx, KFx, KGx,
KHx, KJx, KLx, KMx, KNx, KPx, KRx, KSx, KTx, KUx, KVx, KWx, KYx, KZx, L2x, L3x,
L4x, L5x, L6x, L7x, L8x, LAx, LBx, LCx, LDx, LEx, LFx, R2x
v 3357-CTO, D2x, D3x, D4x, D5x, D6x, D7x
v 3626-CTO, F6x, F7x, FBx, FCx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx, G5x, G6x, G7x,
G8x, G9x, GBx, GCx, GDx, GEx, GFx, GHx, GJx, GJx, GKx, GNx, GPx, GRx, GSx, GVx,
GWx, GXx, GYx, GZx, H3x, H4x, H5x, H7x, R3x, N2x
v 3680-CTO, P2x, P3x, P4x, P5x, P6x, FAx, FBx, P7x, P9x, PBx, PCx, PDx, PEx, PFx, PGx,
PJx, N2x
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
45N2795 N
266 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 275 ---
Table 38. Parts list—12.1-in. WXGA TFT (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
8 Inverter card
v 7454-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Gx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx,
2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Yx, 2Zx, 92x, 93x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x,
9Bx, 9Cx, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, 9Jx, 9Lx
v 7455-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 36x, 38x, 39x, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Cx, 3Dx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Hx,
3Jx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, D2x,
D3x, D5x, D6x, D7x, D8x, D9x, DAx, DBx, DCx, DDx, DEx, DFx, DGx, DHx, DJx, DKx,
DLx, DMx, DNx, DPx, DQx, DRx, DSx, DTx, DUx, DVx, DWx, Dx,x, DYx, DZx, N2x,
N3x, N4x, N5x
v 7457-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx,
4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx
v 7458-CTO, 4Xx, 4Yx, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex,
5Fx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 69x, 72x, 73x, 74x, 76x, 77x, 78x,
79x, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx, 7Gx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Qx, 7Rx, 7Sx,
7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Wx, 7Xx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx,
8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Wx,
8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, E2x, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx,
FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx,
G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GBx, GCx, GDx, GEx, GFx, M2x, M3x, X4x, X5x
v 7459-CTO, 5Ex, 5Fx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx,
6Gx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx,
E3x, H2x, H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, M2x, M3x, M4x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx,
4Hx, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x,
F9x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FRx, FSx, FUx,
FVx
v 7465-CTO, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Dx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx,
2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Zx, D4x, D6x, D7x, D8x, D9x, DAx, DBx, DCx, DDx, DEx,
DFx, DGx, DHx, DJx, DKx
v 7466-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 38x, 39x, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Xx, 3Yx,
3Zx, 92x, 93x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, 9Jx, 9Kx,
9Lx, 9Mx, 9Nx, 9Px, 9Qx, 9Rx, 9Sx, 9Tx, 9Ux, 9Vx, 9Wx, 9Xx, 9Yx, 9Zx, DLx, DMx,
H2x, H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, H8x, H9x, HAx, HBx, HCx, HDx, HEx
v 7469-CTO, 52x, 53x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx,
5Jx, 5Kx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 79x, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx,
7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Qx, 7Rx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Xx, 83x, 84x, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Lx,
8Mx, 8Nx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, E2x, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x,
G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx, GCx
v 7470-CTO, 5Gx, 5Hx, 62x, 63x, 65x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Hx, 6Px, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx,
8Tx, 8Ux, 8Zx, E2x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42W8009 N
Parts list 267

--- Page 276 ---
Table 38. Parts list—12.1-in. WXGA TFT (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
8 Inverter card
v 7454-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Gx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx,
2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Yx, 2Zx, 92x, 93x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x,
9Bx, 9Cx, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, 9Jx, 9Lx
v 7455-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 36x, 38x, 39x, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Cx, 3Dx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Hx,
3Jx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, D2x,
D3x, D5x, D6x, D7x, D8x, D9x, DAx, DBx, DCx, DDx, DEx, DFx, DGx, DHx, DJx, DKx,
DLx, DMx, DNx, DPx, DQx, DRx, DSx, DTx, DUx, DVx, DWx, Dx,x, DYx, DZx, N2x,
N3x, N4x, N5x
v 7457-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx,
4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx
v 7458-CTO, 4Xx, 4Yx, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex,
5Fx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 69x, 72x, 73x, 74x, 76x, 77x, 78x,
79x, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx, 7Gx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Qx, 7Rx, 7Sx,
7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Wx, 7Xx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx,
8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Wx,
8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, E2x, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx,
FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx,
G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GBx, GCx, GDx, GEx, GFx, M2x, M3x, X4x, X5x
v 7459-CTO, 5Ex, 5Fx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx,
6Gx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx,
E3x, H2x, H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, M2x, M3x, M4x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx,
4Hx, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x,
F9x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FRx, FSx, FUx,
FVx
v 7465-CTO, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Dx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx,
2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Zx, D4x, D6x, D7x, D8x, D9x, DAx, DBx, DCx, DDx, DEx,
DFx, DGx, DHx, DJx, DKx
v 7466-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 38x, 39x, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Xx, 3Yx,
3Zx, 92x, 93x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, 9Jx, 9Kx,
9Lx, 9Mx, 9Nx, 9Px, 9Qx, 9Rx, 9Sx, 9Tx, 9Ux, 9Vx, 9Wx, 9Xx, 9Yx, 9Zx, DLx, DMx,
H2x, H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, H8x, H9x, HAx, HBx, HCx, HDx, HEx
v 7469-CTO, 52x, 53x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx,
5Jx, 5Kx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 79x, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx,
7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Qx, 7Rx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Xx, 83x, 84x, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Lx,
8Mx, 8Nx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, E2x, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x,
G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx, GCx
v 7470-CTO, 5Gx, 5Hx, 62x, 63x, 65x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Hx, 6Px, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx,
8Tx, 8Ux, 8Zx, E2x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42W8010 N
268 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 277 ---
Table 38. Parts list—12.1-in. WXGA TFT (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
8 LED board
v 7454-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 36x, 38x, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx,
3Tx, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GBx, GCx,
GDx, GEx, GFx, GGx, GHx, GJx, GKx, GLx, GMx, GNx, GPx
v 7455-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx,
4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx,
82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx,
8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, F2x, F3x, F4x,
F5x, F6x, F7x, F9x, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx,
FQx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx, P2x, P3x, P4x, P5x, P6x, P7x, P9x,
PAx, PBx, PCx, PDx, PEx, PFx, PGx, PHx, PJx
v 7457-CTO, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x
v 7458-CTO, 22x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Kx, 2Lx,
2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Vx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 6Ax, 6Bx,
6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx,
6Yx, 6Zx
v 7459-CTO, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx,
2Hx
v 7465-CTO, 3Jx, 3Lx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, G2x, G3x,
G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx
v 7466-CTO, 43x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx,
4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Sx, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x,
58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx,
5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 5Yx, 5Zx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x,
FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FRx, FSx,
FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx, N2x
v 7469-CTO, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx,
6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 93x, 94x, 95x,
96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Gx
v 7470-CTO, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
45M2812 N
Parts list 269

--- Page 278 ---
Table 38. Parts list—12.1-in. WXGA TFT (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
8 (continued)
LED board
v 3249-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx,
2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Lx, 2Mx, J2x, J3x, J4x, J5x, J6x, J7x, J8x, J9x, JAx
v 3323-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx,
4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 52x, 53x, 54x,
55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx,
5Nx, 5Px, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 69x,
6Ax, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx,
6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 78x, 79x, 7Ax, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx,
7Ex, 7Fx, 7Gx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Rx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Wx, 7Xx,
7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Jx,
8Kx, 8Lx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, 92x, 93x, 94x, 95x,
96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, K2x, K3x, K4x, K5x, K6x,
K7x, K8x, K9x, KAx, KCx, KDx, KEx, KFx, KGx, KHx, KJx, KLx, KMx, KNx, KPx, KRx,
KSx, KTx, KUx, KVx, KWx, KYx, KZx, L2x, L3x, L4x, L5x, L6x, L7x, L8x, LAx, LBx,
LCx, LDx, LEx, LFx, R2x
v 3357-CTO, D2x, D3x, D4x, D5x, D6x, D7x
v 3626-CTO, 11x, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx,
FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx,
FZx, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx, GCx, GDx, GEx, GFx, GHx,
GHx, GJx, GJx, GKx, GLx, GMx, GNx, GPx, GRx, GSx, GTx, GUx, GVx, GWx, GXx,
GYx, GZx, H2x, H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, R3x, N2x
v 3680-CTO, 11x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx, P2x, P3x, P4x, P5x, P6x, P7x, P8x, P9x, PAx,
PBx, PCx, PDx, PEx, PFx, PGx, PHx, PJx, N2x
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
45M2812 N
270 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 279 ---
Table 38. Parts list—12.1-in. WXGA TFT (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
9 Bluetooth daughter card (BDC-2.1)
v 7454-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Gx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx,
2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Yx, 2Zx, 32x, 33x, 34x, 36x, 38x, 3Hx,
3Jx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 92x, 93x, 95x, 96x,
97x, 98x, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, 9Jx, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, GBx, GCx, GEx, GJx,
GKx, GNx
v 7455-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 36x, 38x, 39x, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Cx, 3Dx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Hx,
3Jx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 42x,
43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx,
4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x, 85x,
86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx,
8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, D2x, D3x, D5x, D6x, D7x, D8x,
D9x, DAx, DBx, DCx, DDx, DEx, DFx, DGx, DHx, DJx, DKx, DLx, DMx, DNx, DPx,
DQx, DRx, DSx, DTx, DUx, DVx, DWx, DXx, DYx, DZx, F2x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F9x,
FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FRx, FSx, FUx,
FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx, N2x, N3x, N4x, N5x, P2x, P3x, P4x, P5x, P6x, P7x, P9x, PAx,
PBx, PCx, PDx, PEx, PFx, PGx, PHx, PJx
v 7457-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx,
4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Wx, 53x, 54x, 56x, 57x, 58x
v 7458-CTO, 22x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Kx, 2Lx,
2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Vx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 59x,
5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 62x,
63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px,
6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 76x, 77x, 78x, 79x,
7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx, 7Gx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Px, 7Qx, 7Rx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx,
7Xx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx,
8Jx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, E2x, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x,
F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx,
FQx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GBx,
GCx, GDx, GEx, GFx, M2x, M3x, X4x
v 7459-CTO, 5Ex, 5Fx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx,
6Gx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx,
72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, E3x, H2x, H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, M2x, M3x, M4x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
(continued)
42T0969 N
Parts list 271

--- Page 280 ---
Table 38. Parts list—12.1-in. WXGA TFT (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
9 (continued)
Bluetooth daughter card (BDC-2.1)
v 7462-CTO, 25x, 26x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Gx, 2Hx, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx,
4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Xx, 4Yx, F2x, F3x, F4x,
F5x, F8x, F9x, FDx, FEx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FRx, FSx, FUx, FVx
v 7465-CTO, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Dx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx,
2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Zx, 3Jx, 3Lx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Yx, 3Zx, D4x, D6x, D7x, D8x,
D9x, DAx, DBx, DCx, DDx, DEx, DFx, G3x, G4x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx
v 7466-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 38x, 39x, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Xx, 3Yx,
3Zx, 43x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx,
4Px, 4Qx, 4Sx, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx,
5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux,
5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 5Yx, 92x, 93x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Fx,
9Gx, 9Hx, 9Jx, 9Kx, 9Lx, 9Mx, 9Nx, 9Px, 9Qx, 9Rx, 9Sx, 9Tx, 9Ux, 9Vx, 9Wx, 9Xx, 9Yx,
9Zx, DMx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx,
FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx,
FZx, H2x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, H8x, H9x, HAx, HBx, HCx, HDx, HEx, N2x
v 7469-CTO, 52x, 53x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 62x,
65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px,
6Qx, 6Rx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 79x, 7Bx,
7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Qx, 7Rx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Xx, 83x, 84x, 8Bx, 8Cx,
8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, 93x, 94x,
95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Gx, E2x, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x,
G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx
v 7470-CTO, 5Gx, 5Hx, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Hx, 6Px, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 72x, 73x, 74x,
75x, 76x, 77x, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Zx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T0969 N
9 Bluetooth daughter card (BDC-2.1)
v 3249-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Gx, 2Hx,
2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Lx, 2Mx, J2x, J3x, J4x, J5x, J6x, J7x, J8x, J9x, JAx
v 3323-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx,
4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 52x, 53x, 54x,
55x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx,
5Px, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax,
6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux,
6Vx, 6Wx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 78x, 79x, 7Ax, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx,
7Gx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Rx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Wx, 7Xx, 7Yx, 7Zx,
82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Lx,
8Nx, 8Px, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, 92x, 93x, 94x, 95x, 96x, 97x,
98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, K2x, K3x, K4x, K5x, K6x, K7x, K8x,
K9x, KAx, KCx, KDx, KEx, KFx, KGx, KHx, KJx, KLx, KMx, KNx, KPx, KRx, KSx, KTx,
KUx, KVx, KWx, KYx, KZx, L2x, L3x, L4x, L5x, L6x, L7x, L8x, LAx, LBx, LCx, LDx,
LEx, LFx, R2x
v 3357-CTO, D2x, D3x, D4x, D5x, D6x, D7x
v 3626-CTO, 11x, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx,
FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx,
G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx, GCx, GDx, GEx, GFx, GHx, GHx,
GJx, GJx, GKx, GLx, GMx, GNx, GPx, GRx, GSx, GTx, GUx, GVx, GWx, GXx, GYx,
GZx, H2x, H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, R3x, N2x
v 3680-CTO, 11x, F7x, F9x, FAx, FBx, P2x, P3x, P4x, P5x, P6x, P7x, P8x, P9x, PAx, PBx,
PCx, PDx, PEx, PFx, PGx, PHx, PJx, N2x
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
60Y3211 N
272 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 281 ---
Table 38. Parts list—12.1-in. WXGA TFT (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
9 Bluetooth daughter card (BDC-2.1)
v 3249-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Gx, 2Hx,
2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Lx, 2Mx, J2x, J3x, J4x, J5x, J6x, J7x, J8x, J9x, JAx
v 3323-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx,
4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 52x, 53x, 54x,
55x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx,
5Px, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax,
6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux,
6Vx, 6Wx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 78x, 79x, 7Ax, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx,
7Gx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Rx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Wx, 7Xx, 7Yx, 7Zx,
82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Lx,
8Nx, 8Px, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, 92x, 93x, 94x, 95x, 96x, 97x,
98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, K2x, K3x, K4x, K5x, K6x, K7x, K8x,
K9x, KAx, KCx, KDx, KEx, KFx, KGx, KHx, KJx, KLx, KMx, KNx, KPx, KRx, KSx, KTx,
KUx, KVx, KWx, KYx, KZx, L2x, L3x, L4x, L5x, L6x, L7x, L8x, LAx, LBx, LCx, LDx,
LEx, LFx, R2x
v 3357-CTO, D2x, D3x, D4x, D5x, D6x, D7x
v 3626-CTO, 11x, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx,
FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx,
G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx, GCx, GDx, GEx, GFx, GHx, GHx,
GJx, GJx, GKx, GLx, GMx, GNx, GPx, GRx, GSx, GTx, GUx, GVx, GWx, GXx, GYx,
GZx, H2x, H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, R3x, N2x
v 3680-CTO, 11x, F7x, F9x, FAx, FBx, P2x, P3x, P4x, P5x, P6x, P7x, P8x, P9x, PAx, PBx,
PCx, PDx, PEx, PFx, PGx, PHx, PJx, N2x
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
60Y3215 N
Parts list 273

--- Page 282 ---
Table 38. Parts list—12.1-in. WXGA TFT (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
10 LCD panel, 12.1-in. WXGA, CCFL backlight
v 7454-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Gx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx,
2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Yx, 2Zx, 92x, 93x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x,
9Bx, 9Cx, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, 9Jx, 9Kx, 9Lx
v 7455-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 36x, 38x, 39x, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Cx, 3Dx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Hx,
3Jx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, D2x,
D3x, D5x, D6x, D7x, D8x, D9x, DAx, DBx, DCx, DDx, DEx, DFx, DGx, DHx, DJx, DKx,
DLx, DMx, DNx, DPx, DQx, DRx, DSx, DTx, DUx, DVx, DWx, DXx, DYx, DZx, N2x,
N3x, N4x, N5x
v 7457-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx,
4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx
v 7458-CTO, 4Xx, 4Yx, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex,
5Fx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 69x, 72x, 73x, 74x, 76x, 77x, 78x,
79x, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx, 7Gx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Qx, 7Rx, 7Sx,
7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Wx, 7Xx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx,
8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Wx,
8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, E2x, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx,
FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx,
G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GBx, GCx, GDx, GEx, GFx, M2x, M3x, X4x, X5x
v 7459-CTO, 5Ex, 5Fx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx,
6Gx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx,
E3x, H2x, H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, M2x, M3x, M4x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx,
4Hx, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x,
F9x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FRx, FSx, FUx,
FVx
v 7465-CTO, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Dx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx,
2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Zx, D4x, D6x, D7x, D8x, D9x, DAx, DBx, DCx, DDx, DEx,
DFx, DGx, DHx, DJx, DKx
v 7466-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 38x, 39x, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Xx, 3Yx,
3Zx, 92x, 93x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, 9Jx, 9Kx,
9Lx, 9Mx, 9Nx, 9Px, 9Qx, 9Rx, 9Sx, 9Tx, 9Ux, 9Vx, 9Wx, 9Xx, 9Yx, 9Zx, DLx, DMx,
H2x, H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, H8x, H9x, HAx, HBx, HCx, HDx, HEx
v 7469-CTO, 52x, 53x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx,
5Jx, 5Kx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 79x, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx,
7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Qx, 7Rx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Xx, 83x, 84x, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Lx,
8Mx, 8Nx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, E2x, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x,
G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx, GCx
v 7470-CTO, 5Gx, 5Hx, 62x, 63x, 65x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Hx, 6Px, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx,
8Tx, 8Ux, 8Zx, E2x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T0510 N
274 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 283 ---
Table 38. Parts list—12.1-in. WXGA TFT (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
10 LCD panel, 12.1-in. WXGA, CCFL backlight
v 7454-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Gx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx,
2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Yx, 2Zx, 92x, 93x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x,
9Bx, 9Cx, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, 9Jx, 9Kx, 9Lx
v 7455-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 36x, 38x, 39x, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Cx, 3Dx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Hx,
3Jx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, D2x,
D3x, D5x, D6x, D7x, D8x, D9x, DAx, DBx, DCx, DDx, DEx, DFx, DGx, DHx, DJx, DKx,
DLx, DMx, DNx, DPx, DQx, DRx, DSx, DTx, DUx, DVx, DWx, DXx, DYx, DZx, N2x,
N3x, N4x, N5x
v 7457-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx,
4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx
v 7458-CTO, 4Xx, 4Yx, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex,
5Fx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 69x, 72x, 73x, 74x, 76x, 77x, 78x,
79x, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx, 7Gx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Qx, 7Rx, 7Sx,
7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Wx, 7Xx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx,
8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Wx,
8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, E2x, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx,
FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx,
G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GBx, GCx, GDx, GEx, GFx, M2x, M3x, X4x, X5x
v 7459-CTO, 5Ex, 5Fx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx,
6Gx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx,
E3x, H2x, H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, M2x, M3x, M4x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx,
4Hx, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x,
F9x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FRx, FSx, FUx,
FVx
v 7465-CTO, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Dx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx,
2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Zx, D4x, D6x, D7x, D8x, D9x, DAx, DBx, DCx, DDx, DEx,
DFx, DGx, DHx, DJx, DKx
v 7466-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 38x, 39x, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Xx, 3Yx,
3Zx, 92x, 93x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, 9Jx, 9Kx,
9Lx, 9Mx, 9Nx, 9Px, 9Qx, 9Rx, 9Sx, 9Tx, 9Ux, 9Vx, 9Wx, 9Xx, 9Yx, 9Zx, DLx, DMx,
H2x, H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, H8x, H9x, HAx, HBx, HCx, HDx, HEx
v 7469-CTO, 52x, 53x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx,
5Jx, 5Kx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 79x, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx,
7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Qx, 7Rx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Xx, 83x, 84x, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Lx,
8Mx, 8Nx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, E2x, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x,
G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx, GCx
v 7470-CTO, 5Gx, 5Hx, 62x, 63x, 65x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Hx, 6Px, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx,
8Tx, 8Ux, 8Zx, E2x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T0478 N
Parts list 275

--- Page 284 ---
Table 38. Parts list—12.1-in. WXGA TFT (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
10 LCD panel, 12.1-in. WXGA, CCFL backlight
v 7454-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Gx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx,
2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Yx, 2Zx, 92x, 93x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x,
9Bx, 9Cx, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, 9Jx, 9Kx, 9Lx
v 7455-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 36x, 38x, 39x, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Cx, 3Dx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Hx,
3Jx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, D2x,
D3x, D5x, D6x, D7x, D8x, D9x, DAx, DBx, DCx, DDx, DEx, DFx, DGx, DHx, DJx, DKx,
DLx, DMx, DNx, DPx, DQx, DRx, DSx, DTx, DUx, DVx, DWx, DXx, DYx, DZx, N2x,
N3x, N4x, N5x
v 7457-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx,
4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx
v 7458-CTO, 4Xx, 4Yx, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex,
5Fx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 69x, 72x, 73x, 74x, 76x, 77x, 78x,
79x, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx, 7Gx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Qx, 7Rx, 7Sx,
7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Wx, 7Xx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx,
8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Wx,
8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, E2x, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx,
FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx,
G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GBx, GCx, GDx, GEx, GFx, M2x, M3x, X4x, X5x
v 7459-CTO, 5Ex, 5Fx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx,
6Gx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx,
E3x, H2x, H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, M2x, M3x, M4x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx,
4Hx, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x,
F9x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FRx, FSx, FUx,
FVx
v 7465-CTO, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Dx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx,
2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Zx, D4x, D6x, D7x, D8x, D9x, DAx, DBx, DCx, DDx, DEx,
DFx, DGx, DHx, DJx, DKx
v 7466-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 38x, 39x, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Xx, 3Yx,
3Zx, 92x, 93x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, 9Jx, 9Kx,
9Lx, 9Mx, 9Nx, 9Px, 9Qx, 9Rx, 9Sx, 9Tx, 9Ux, 9Vx, 9Wx, 9Xx, 9Yx, 9Zx, DLx, DMx,
H2x, H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, H8x, H9x, HAx, HBx, HCx, HDx, HEx
v 7469-CTO, 52x, 53x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx,
5Jx, 5Kx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 79x, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx,
7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Qx, 7Rx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Xx, 83x, 84x, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Lx,
8Mx, 8Nx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, E2x, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x,
G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx, GCx
v 7470-CTO, 5Gx, 5Hx, 62x, 63x, 65x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Hx, 6Px, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx,
8Tx, 8Ux, 8Zx, E2x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T0482 N
276 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 285 ---
Table 38. Parts list—12.1-in. WXGA TFT (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
10 LCD panel, 12.1-in. WXGA, LED backlight
v 7454-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 36x, 38x, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx,
3Tx, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GBx, GCx,
GDx, GEx, GFx, GGx, GHx, GJx, GKx, GLx, GMx, GNx, GPx
v 7455-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx,
4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx,
82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx,
8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, F2x, F3x, F4x,
F5x, F6x, F7x, F9x, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx,
FQx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx, P2x, P3x, P4x, P5x, P6x, P7x, P9x,
PAx, PBx, PCx, PDx, PEx, PFx, PGx, PHx, PJx
v 7457-CTO, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x
v 7458-CTO, 22x, 22x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Kx,
2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Vx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 6Ax,
6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx,
6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx
v 7459-CTO, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx,
2Hx
v 7465-CTO, 3Jx, 3Lx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, G2x, G3x,
G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx
v 7466-CTO, 43x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx,
4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Sx, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x,
58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx,
5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 5Yx, 5Zx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x,
FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FRx, FSx,
FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx, N2x
v 7469-CTO, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx,
6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 93x, 94x, 95x,
96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Gx
v 7470-CTO, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-all
v 3323-all
v 3357-all
v 3626-all
v 3680-all
v 3712-all
v 4492-all
42T0709 N
Parts list 277

--- Page 286 ---
Table 38. Parts list—12.1-in. WXGA TFT (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
10 LCD panel, 12.1-in. WXGA, LED backlight
v 7454-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 36x, 38x, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx,
3Tx, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GBx, GCx,
GDx, GEx, GFx, GGx, GHx, GJx, GKx, GLx, GMx, GNx, GPx
v 7455-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx,
4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx,
82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx,
8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, F2x, F3x, F4x,
F5x, F6x, F7x, F9x, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx,
FQx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx, P2x, P3x, P4x, P5x, P6x, P7x, P9x,
PAx, PBx, PCx, PDx, PEx, PFx, PGx, PHx, PJx
v 7457-CTO, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x
v 7458-CTO, 22x, 22x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Kx,
2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Vx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 6Ax,
6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx,
6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx
v 7459-CTO, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx,
2Hx
v 7465-CTO, 3Jx, 3Lx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, G2x, G3x,
G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx
v 7466-CTO, 43x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx,
4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Sx, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x,
58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx,
5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 5Yx, 5Zx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x,
FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FRx, FSx,
FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx, N2x
v 7469-CTO, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx,
6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 93x, 94x, 95x,
96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Gx
v 7470-CTO, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T0715 N
278 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 287 ---
Table 38. Parts list—12.1-in. WXGA TFT (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
10 LCD panel, 12.1-in. WXGA, LED backlight
v 7454-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 36x, 38x, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx,
3Tx, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GBx, GCx,
GDx, GEx, GFx, GGx, GHx, GJx, GKx, GLx, GMx, GNx, GPx
v 7455-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx,
4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx,
82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx,
8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, F2x, F3x, F4x,
F5x, F6x, F7x, F9x, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx,
FQx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx, P2x, P3x, P4x, P5x, P6x, P7x, P9x,
PAx, PBx, PCx, PDx, PEx, PFx, PGx, PHx, PJx
v 7457-CTO, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x
v 7458-CTO, 22x, 22x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Kx,
2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Vx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 6Ax,
6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx,
6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx
v 7459-CTO, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx,
2Hx
v 7465-CTO, 3Jx, 3Lx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, G2x, G3x,
G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx
v 7466-CTO, 43x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx,
4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Sx, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x,
58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx,
5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 5Yx, 5Zx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x,
FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FRx, FSx,
FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx, N2x
v 7469-CTO, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx,
6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 93x, 94x, 95x,
96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Gx
v 7470-CTO, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-all
v 3323-all
v 3357-all
v 3626-all
v 3680-all
v 3712-all
v 4492-all
42T0711 N
Parts list 279

--- Page 288 ---
Table 38. Parts list—12.1-in. WXGA TFT (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
10 LCD panel, 12.1-in. WXGA, LED backlight
v 7454-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 36x, 38x, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 3Sx,
3Tx, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GBx, GCx,
GDx, GEx, GFx, GGx, GHx, GJx, GKx, GLx, GMx, GNx, GPx
v 7455-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx,
4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx,
82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx,
8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, F2x, F3x, F4x,
F5x, F6x, F7x, F9x, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx,
FQx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx, P2x, P3x, P4x, P5x, P6x, P7x, P9x,
PAx, PBx, PCx, PDx, PEx, PFx, PGx, PHx, PJx
v 7457-CTO, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x
v 7458-CTO, 22x, 22x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Kx,
2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Vx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 6Ax,
6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx,
6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx
v 7459-CTO, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx,
2Hx
v 7465-CTO, 3Jx, 3Lx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Rx, 3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, G2x, G3x,
G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx, GBx
v 7466-CTO, 43x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx,
4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Sx, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x,
58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx,
5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 5Yx, 5Zx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x,
FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FRx, FSx,
FTx, FUx, FVx, FWx, FXx, FYx, FZx, N2x
v 7469-CTO, 62x, 63x, 64x, 65x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx,
6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx, 93x, 94x, 95x,
96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Gx
v 7470-CTO, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 3249-all
v 3323-all
v 3357-all
v 3626-all
v 3680-all
v 3712-all
v 4492-all
42T0713 N
280 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 289 ---
12.1-in. WXGA+ TFT
1
2
3
5
4
6
7
8
Parts list 281

--- Page 290 ---
Table 39. Parts list—12.1-in. WXGA+ TFT
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
1 LCD bezel assembly
v 7462-CTO, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Zx, FPx, FQx, FTx
v 7465-CTO, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Yx, 3Kx, 3Mx, D2x, D3x
v 7466-CTO, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Cx, 3Dx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Wx, 44x,
4Rx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 94x
v 7469-CTO, 54x, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 69x, 6Ax, 78x, 7Ax,
7Gx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Gx, 8Hx,
8Jx, 8Kx, 8Px, 8Qx
v 7470-CTO, 64x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Qx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 5129-all
v 5143-all
v 5385-all
v 5397-all
v 5413-all
v 5442-all
v 5446-all
45N3232 N
2 LCD panel, 12.1-in. WXGA+, LED backlight
v 7462-CTO, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Zx, FPx, FQx, FTx
v 7465-CTO, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Yx, 3Kx, 3Mx, D2x, D3x
v 7466-CTO, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Cx, 3Dx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Wx, 44x,
4Rx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 94x
v 7469-CTO, 54x, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 69x, 6Ax, 78x, 7Ax,
7Gx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Gx, 8Hx,
8Jx, 8Kx, 8Px, 8Qx
v 7470-CTO, 64x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Qx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 5129-all
v 5143-all
v 5385-all
v 5397-all
v 5413-all
v 5442-all
v 5446-all
42T0480 N
3 Wireless LAN/USB antenna kit
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
43Y9841 N
282 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 291 ---
Table 39. Parts list—12.1-in. WXGA+ TFT (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
3 Wireless LAN antenna kit
v 7462-CTO, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Zx, FPx, FQx, FTx
v 7465-CTO, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Yx, 3Kx, 3Mx, D2x, D3x
v 7466-CTO, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Cx, 3Dx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Wx, 44x,
4Rx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 94x
v 7469-CTO, 54x, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 69x, 6Ax, 78x, 7Ax,
7Gx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Gx, 8Hx,
8Jx, 8Kx, 8Px, 8Qx
v 7470-CTO, 64x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Qx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 5129-all
v 5143-all
v 5385-all
v 5397-all
v 5413-all
v 5442-all
v 5446-all
44C9997 N
4 Hinge bracket L/R
v 7462-CTO, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Zx, FPx, FQx, FTx
v 7465-CTO, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Yx, 3Kx, 3Mx, D2x, D3x
v 7466-CTO, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Cx, 3Dx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Wx, 44x,
4Rx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 94x
v 7469-CTO, 54x, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 69x, 6Ax, 78x, 7Ax,
7Gx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Gx, 8Hx,
8Jx, 8Kx, 8Px, 8Qx
v 7470-CTO, 64x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Qx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 5129-all
v 5143-all
v 5385-all
v 5397-all
v 5413-all
v 5442-all
v 5446-all
45N3234 N
5 Hinge L/R
v 7462-CTO, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Zx, FPx, FQx, FTx
v 7465-CTO, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Yx, 3Kx, 3Mx, D2x, D3x
v 7466-CTO, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Cx, 3Dx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Wx, 44x,
4Rx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 94x
v 7469-CTO, 54x, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 69x, 6Ax, 78x, 7Ax,
7Gx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Gx, 8Hx,
8Jx, 8Kx, 8Px, 8Qx
v 7470-CTO, 64x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Qx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
45N3233 N
Parts list 283

--- Page 292 ---
Table 39. Parts list—12.1-in. WXGA+ TFT (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
5 Hinge L/R
v 7462-CTO, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Zx, FPx, FQx, FTx
v 7465-CTO, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Yx, 3Kx, 3Mx, D2x, D3x
v 7466-CTO, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Cx, 3Dx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Wx, 44x,
4Rx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 94x
v 7469-CTO, 54x, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 69x, 6Ax, 78x, 7Ax,
7Gx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Gx, 8Hx,
8Jx, 8Kx, 8Px, 8Qx
v 7470-CTO, 64x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Qx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 5129-all
v 5143-all
v 5385-all
v 5397-all
v 5413-all
v 5442-all
v 5446-all
60Y4174 N
6 LCD rear cover assembly
v 7462-CTO, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Zx, FPx, FQx, FTx
v 7465-CTO, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Yx, 3Kx, 3Mx, D2x, D3x
v 7466-CTO, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Cx, 3Dx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Wx, 44x,
4Rx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 94x
v 7469-CTO, 54x, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 69x, 6Ax, 78x, 7Ax,
7Gx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Gx, 8Hx,
8Jx, 8Kx, 8Px, 8Qx
v 7470-CTO, 64x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Qx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
45N3201 N
6 LCD rear cover assembly for X201s 75Y4591 N
7 LCD cable assembly with Bluetooth connector
v 7462-CTO, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Zx, FPx, FQx, FTx
v 7465-CTO, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Yx, 3Kx, 3Mx, D2x, D3x
v 7466-CTO, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Cx, 3Dx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Wx, 44x,
4Rx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 94x
v 7469-CTO, 54x, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 69x, 6Ax, 78x, 7Ax,
7Gx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Gx, 8Hx,
8Jx, 8Kx, 8Px, 8Qx
v 7470-CTO, 64x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Qx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
v 5129-all
v 5143-all
v 5385-all
v 5397-all
v 5413-all
v 5442-all
v 5446-all
44C9919 N
284 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 293 ---
Table 39. Parts list—12.1-in. WXGA+ TFT (continued)
No. FRU FRU no. CRU
ID
8 Bluetooth daughter card (BDC-2.1)
v 7462-CTO, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Zx, FPx, FQx, FTx
v 7465-CTO, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Yx, 3Kx, D2x, D3x
v 7466-CTO, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Cx, 3Dx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Wx, 44x,
4Rx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 94x
v 7469-CTO, 54x, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Ux, 5Vx, 5Wx, 5Xx, 69x, 6Ax, 78x, 7Ax,
7Gx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 85x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx,
8Kx, 8Px, 8Qx
v 7470-CTO, 64x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Qx
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
42T0969 N
8 Bluetooth daughter card (BDC-2.1)
v 5129-all
v 5143-all
v 5385-all
v 5397-all
v 5413-all
v 5442-all
v 5446-all
60Y3211 N
8 Bluetooth daughter card (BDC-2.1)
v 5129-all
v 5143-all
v 5385-all
v 5397-all
v 5413-all
v 5442-all
v 5446-all
60Y3215 N
Parts list 285

--- Page 294 ---
Keyboard
Table 40. Parts list—Keyboard
Language P/N CRU
ID
Arabic 42T3752 42T3686 **
Belgian 42T3749 42T3683
Brazilian Portuguese 42T3768 42T3702
Bulgarian 42T4143 42T4139
Canadian French (058) 42T3739 42T3673
Canadian French (Acnor) 42T3738 42T3672
Czech 42T3757 42T3691
Danish 42T3746 42T3680
Dutch 42T3743 42T3677
Finnish, Swedish 42T3744 42T3678
French 42T3742 42T3676
German 42T3740 42T3674
Greek (U.S. English and Greek layout) 42T3759 42T3693
Hebrew 42T3754 42T3688
Hungarian 42T3758 42T3692
Icelandic 42T3769 42T3703
Italian 42T3747 42T3681
Japanese 42T3762 42T3696
Kazakhstan 42T4136 42T4133
Korean 42T3764 42T3698
Latin American Spanish 42T3765 42T3699
Norwegian 42T3745 42T3679
Polish 42T3755 42T3689
Portuguese 42T3751 42T3685
Russian 42T3753 42T3687
Slovak 42T3761 42T3695
Slovenian 42T3760 42T3694
Spanish 42T3748 42T3682
Swiss 42T3750 42T3684
Thai 42T3766 42T3700
Traditional Chinese 42T3763 42T3697
Turkish 42T3756 42T3690
U.K. English 42T3741 42T3675
U.S. English 42T3737 42T3671
U.S. English (International, with a Euro symbol) 42T3767 42T3701
286 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 295 ---
Miscellaneous parts
Table 41. Parts list—Miscellaneous parts
FRU P/N CRU
ID
Screw kit for X200, X200s, and X200si 44C9558 N
Screw kit for X201, X201i, and X201s 75Y4454 N
Base cover miscellaneous parts kit
v SD cover
v Dummy cover, RJ-11 connector
v Knob, Wireless WAN
v Knob screw, Wireless WAN
v Latch, battery
v Latch spring, battery
44C9556 N
System miscellaneous parts kit
v (a) Top shielding assembly
v Holder, Heat sink
v I/O bracket, VGA
v Inverter bracket, CCFL
Note: Italicized letters in parentheses are references to the exploded view in “Overall” on page
168.
44C9557 N
Rubber kit for X200, X200s, and X200si
v Rubber foot, front
v Rubber foot, rear Left
v Rubber foot, rear Right
v Rubber foot, battery
44C9554 N
Rubber kit for X201, X201i, and X201s
v Rubber foot, front
v Rubber foot, rear Left
v Rubber foot, rear Right
v Rubber foot, battery
75Y4453 N
AC adapters
Table 42. Parts list—ac adapters
FRU P/N CRU
ID
2-pin (65 W, 20 V) adapter (models CTO, xxE, xxF, xxJ, xxL, xxP, xxS, xxY, xxU) 42T5282 *
2-pin (65 W, 20 V) adapter (models CTO, xxE, xxF, xxJ, xxL, xxP, xxS, xxY, xxU) 42T4423 *
2-pin (65 W, 20 V) adapter (models CTO, xxE, xxF, xxJ, xxL, xxP, xxS, xxY, xxU) 42T4419 *
3-pin (65W, 20 V) adapter (models CTO, xxA, xxB, xxC, xxG, xxH, xxK, xxM, xxT, xxV) OP 42T5283 *
3-pin (65W, 20 V) adapter (models CTO, xxA, xxB, xxC, xxG, xxH, xxK, xxM, xxT, xxV) OP 42T4421 *
3-pin (65W, 20 V) adapter (models CTO, xxA, xxB, xxC, xxG, xxH, xxK, xxM, xxT, xxV) OP 42T4417 *
Parts list 287

--- Page 296 ---
Power cords
A ThinkPad power cord for a specific country or region is usually available only in
that country or region:
Table 43. Parts list—2-pin power cords
Country or region FRU no. CRU
ID
Argentina
v models -CTO, xxY
42T5020 42T5105 *
Brazil
v models -CTO, xxP
42T5180 42T5183
Canada, U.S.
v models -CTO, xxF, xxL, xxS, xxU
42T5008 42T5093
Japan
v models -CTO, xxE, xxJ
42T5014 42T5099
Table 44. Parts list—3-pin power cords
Country or region FRU no. CRU
ID
Australia, New Zealand
v models -CTO, xxM
42T5050 42T5135 *
Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, South Africa
v models -CTO, xxG
42T5056 42T5141
Canada, U.S.
v models -CTO, xxG, xxT
42T5004 42T5089
China (P.R.C.) (other than Hong Kong S.A.R.)
v models -CTO, xxC
42T5065 42T5150
Denmark
v models -CTO, xxG
42T5041 42T5126
European countries
v models -CTO, xxG
42T5029 42T5114
India
v models -CTO, xxQ
42T5083 42T5168
Israel
v models -CTO, xxG
42T5062 42T5147
Italy
v models -CTO, xxG
42T5047 42T5132
Korea
v models -CTO, xxK
42T5077 42T5162
Switzerland
v models -CTO, xxG
42T5044 42T5129
Taiwan
v models -CTO, xxV
42T5071 42T5156
U.K., China (Hong Kong S.A.R.)
v models -CTO, xxB, xxG, xxH
42T5035 42T5120
288 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 297 ---
Recovery discs
Windows XP Professional (32 bit) DVDs
Windows XP Professional (32 bit) is preinstalled as the operating system in the
following models:
v 7454-CTO, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Xx, 2Yx, 2Zx, 32x, 34x, 36x, 3Sx, 92x,
93x, 95x, 96x, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Gx, 9Jx, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GKx
v 7455-CTO, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Mx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Qx, 3Rx, 4Jx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Px, 4Tx, 4Ux,
8Bx, DSx, DTx, F7x, F9x, FBx, FCx, N4x, PJx
v 7457-CTO, 4Kx, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Qx, 4Sx, 4Tx
v 7458-CTO, 4Xx, 63x, 68x, 6Bx, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 7Wx, 7Xx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 83x,
84x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Wx, FVx, FYx, G3x, M3x
v 7459-CTO, 5Ex, 72x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 4Vx
v 7465-CTO, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Xx, 2Zx, 3Nx, 3Px, 3Vx, G5x, DFx
v 7466-CTO, 32x, 33x, 3Kx, 3Lx, 3Nx, 3Rx, 3Sx, 43x, 45x, 4Jx, 4Mx, 4Qx, 4Sx, 4Ux,
5Wx, 5Xx, 5Zx, FNx, HDx
v 7469-CTO, 52x, 53x, 5Wx, 62x, 64x, 66x, 68x, 6Ax, 7Gx, 7Rx, 87x, 9Cx, 9Dx, G8x,
G9x
v 7470-CTO, 5Gx, 5Hx, 6Lx, 6Qx, 72x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
Parts list 289

--- Page 298 ---
Table 45. Parts list—Windows XP Professional (32 bit) recovery DVDs
Language P/N CRU
ID
Arabic 58Y2662 *
Brazilian Portuguese 58Y2663
Czech 58Y2666
Danish 58Y2667
Dutch 58Y2678
English 58Y2688
English (modem-disabled) 58Y2687
Finnish 58Y2668
French 58Y2669
German 58Y2671
Greek 58Y2670
Hebrew 58Y2672
Hungarian 58Y2674
Italian 58Y2675
Japanese 58Y2676
Korean 58Y2677
Norwegian 58Y2679
Polish 58Y2680
Russian 58Y2682
Russian (English-enabled) 58Y2681
Simplified Chinese 58Y2664
Slovenian 58Y2683
Spanish 58Y2684
Swedish 58Y2685
Traditional Chinese 58Y2665
Traditional Chinese (Hong Kong S.A.R.) 58Y2673
Turkish 58Y2686
290 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 299 ---
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO, 43x, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 59x, 5Ax, 5Cx, 5Ex, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux, 5Vx,
5Wx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 62x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Wx, 6Yx,
6Zx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx, 7Gx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 86x, 87x, 88x
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO, FHx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FNx, FVx, G3x, G4x
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Rx, 33x, 34x, 35x, 36x, 37x, 38x,
39x, 3Ax
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO, FUx, FVx, FYx, FZx
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
Table 46. Parts list—Windows XP Professional (32 bit) recovery DVDs
Language P/N CRU
ID
English 76Y1275 *
French 76Y1265
German 76Y1266
Italian 76Y1268
Japanese 76Y1269
Korean 76Y1270
Russian 76Y1272
Russian (English-enabled) 76Y1271
Simplified Chinese 76Y1263
Spanish 76Y1273
Swedish 76Y1274
Traditional Chinese 76Y1264
Traditional Chinese (Hong Kong S.A.R.) 76Y1267
Parts list 291

--- Page 300 ---
Windows Vista Home Basic (32 bit) DVDs
Windows Vista Home Basic (32 bit) is preinstalled as the operating system in the
following models:
v 7454-CTO, 9Lx
v 7455-CTO, DGx, DHx
v 7457-CTO, 4Ax, 4Gx, 4Ux, 4Vx, 52x, 53x
v 7458-CTO, 7Fx, 7Gx, F2x
v 7459-CTO, 6Wx
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 47x, 4Qx, 4Wx, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx,
FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FMx, FSx
v 7465-CTO, 23x, 2Mx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, D4x, D6x, D7x, D8x, D9x, DAx, DBx, DCx,
DDx, DEx, DJx, DKx
v 7466-CTO, 34x, 9Jx, 9Mx, 9Rx, 9Tx, 9Xx
v 7469-CTO, 54x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex
v 7470-CTO, 65x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
Table 47. Parts list—Windows Vista Home Basic (32 bit) DVDs
Language P/N CRU
ID
English 58Y2826 *
Japanese 58Y2822
Korean 58Y2823
Russian 58Y2825
Russian (English-enabled) 58Y2824
Simplified Chinese 58Y2819
Traditional Chinese 58Y2820
Traditional Chinese (Hong Kong S.A.R.) 58Y2821
292 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 301 ---
Windows Vista Home Premium (32 bit) DVDs
Windows Vista Home Premium (32 bit) is preinstalled as the operating system in
the following models:
v 7454-CTO, 29x, 3Hx, 3Jx, 3Rx
v 7455-CTO, 4Bx, DAx, DEx
v 7457-CTO, 48x, 4Bx, 4Hx, 4Wx, 54x
v 7458-CTO, 2Fx, FHx
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 42x, 4Xx, 4Yx, F2x, F3x, F4x, F5x
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO, 3Hx, 47x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Ex, 4Fx, 9Zx, F2x, F3x
v 7469-CTO, 55x, 56x, 57x, E2x, G4x, G6x, G7x
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
Table 48. Parts list—Windows Vista Home Premium (32 bit) DVDs
Language P/N CRU
ID
Danish 58Y2802 *
English 58Y2815
English (modem-disabled) 58Y2814
English, Finnish, and Swedish (in Sweden) 58Y2817
English, French, German, and Dutch (in Belgium and Luxemburg) 58Y2816
English, French, German, and Italian (in Switzerland) 58Y2818
French 58Y2803
German 58Y2804
Hebrew 58Y2805
Italian 58Y2807
Japanese 58Y2808
Korean 58Y2809
Norwegian 58Y2810
Russian 58Y2812
Russian (English-enabled) 58Y2811
Simplified Chinese 58Y2800
Spanish 58Y2813
Traditional Chinese 58Y2801
Traditional Chinese (Hong Kong S.A.R.) 58Y2806
Parts list 293

--- Page 302 ---
Windows Vista Business (32 bit) DVDs
Windows Vista Business (32 bit) is preinstalled as the operating system in the
following models:
v 7454-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 2Gx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx,
2Px, 2Sx, 38x, 97x, 98x, 9Fx
v 7455-CTO, 32x, 33x, 34x, 35x, 36x, 38x, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Dx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Hx, 3Jx,
3Sx, 3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 42x, 43x, 47x, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx,
85x, 87x, 88x, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Kx, D2x, D5x, D6x, D7x, D8x, DBx, DCx,
DDx, DFx, DJx, DKx, DLx, DMx, DNx, DRx, DUx, DVx, DWx, DXx, DYx, DZx,
N5x
v 7457-CTO, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 49x, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Jx, 4Rx
v 7458-CTO, 26x, 28x, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Mx, 2Nx, 2Px, 2Rx, 2Sx, 4Yx, 52x,
53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x, 59x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Dx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Jx, 5Lx, 5Mx,
5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Tx, 69x, 6Xx, 6Zx, 72x, 73x, 76x, 77x, 79x, 7Bx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Hx,
7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Qx, 7Rx, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx,
8Kx, 8Lx, 8Qx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Xx, 8Yx, 8Zx, E2x, F3x, F4x, F5x, F6x, F7x, F8x,
F9x, FCx, FDx, FEx, FGx, FJx, FKx, FLx, FMx, FQx, FSx, FUx, FWx, FXx, G4x,
G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GBx, GCx, GDx, GFx, M2x, X4x, X5x
v 7459-CTO, 5Fx, 62x, 63x, 64x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx,
6Jx, 6Kx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x,
M2x, M3x, M4x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 45x, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Hx, 4Jx, 4Kx, 4Lx,
4Mx, 4Nx, 4Px, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Ux, 4Zx, FKx, FNx, FQx, FRx, FTx, FUx, FVx
v 7465-CTO, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Nx,
2Px, 2Qx, 2Rx, 2Wx, 2Yx, D2x, D3x
v 7466-CTO, 35x, 38x, 39x, 3Ax, 3Bx, 3Cx, 3Dx, 3Ex, 3Fx, 3Gx, 3Jx, 3Mx, 3Px, 3Qx,
3Tx, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 4Bx, 4Cx, 4Dx, 59x, 5Bx, 5Dx, F9x, 92x, 93x,
94x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Ax, 9Bx, 9Cx, 9Dx, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, 9Kx, 9Lx,
9Nx, 9Qx, 9Sx, 9Ux, 9Wx, DMx, H2x, H5x, H6x, H7x, H8x, H9x, HAx, HBx,
HCx, HEx
v 7469-CTO, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Tx, 5Ux,
5Vx, 5Xx, 5Yx, 5Zx, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Px, 6Qx, 72x, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x, 78x,
79x, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Ex, 7Fx, 7Hx, 7Jx, 7Kx, 7Lx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Qx, 7Sx, 7Tx,
7Ux, 7Xx, 7Yx, 7Zx, 82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 86x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Bx, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex,
8Fx, 8Gx, 8Hx, 8Jx, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Wx, 8Yx, 8Zx, G2x,
G3x, G5x, GAx, GBx, GCx
v 7470-CTO, 64x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Hx, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Mx,
6Nx, 6Px, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Zx, E2x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
294 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 303 ---
Table 49. Parts list—Windows Vista Business (32 bit) DVDs
Language P/N CRU
ID
Brazilian Portuguese 58Y2770 *
Czech 58Y2773
Danish 58Y2774
English 58Y2796
English (modem-disabled) 58Y2795
English, Finnish, and Swedish (in Sweden) 58Y2798
English, French, German, and Dutch (in Belgium and Luxemburg) 58Y2797
English, French, German, and Italian (in Switzerland) 58Y2799
French 58Y2775
German 58Y2777
Greek 58Y2776
Hebrew 58Y2778
Hungarian 58Y2780
Italian 58Y2781
Japanese 58Y2782
Korean 58Y2783
Norwegian 58Y2784
Polish 58Y2785
Portuguese 58Y2786
Romanian 58Y2788
Russian 58Y2789
Russian (English-enabled) 58Y2787
Serbian-Latin 58Y2793
Simplified Chinese 58Y2771
Slovak 58Y2790
Slovenian 58Y2791
Spanish 58Y2792
Traditional Chinese 58Y2772
Traditional Chinese (Hong Kong S.A.R.) 58Y2779
Turkish 58Y2794
Parts list 295

--- Page 304 ---
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
Table 50. Parts list—Windows Vista Business (32 bit) DVDs
Language P/N CRU
ID
English 76Y1005 *
English (for India) 76Y1084
Windows Vista Business (64 bit) DVDs
Windows Vista Business (64 bit) is preinstalled as the operating system in the
following models:
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, 2Ex, 6Yx, G5x
v 7459-CTO, 6Xx, 6Yx, 6Zx, E3x, H2x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO, 6Nx, 6Rx, 7Vx, 8Kx, 8Qx
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
Table 51. Parts list—Windows Vista Business (64 bit) DVDs
Language P/N CRU
ID
English 58Y2831 *
English (modem-disabled) 58Y2830
German 58Y2828
Japanese 58Y2829
Simplified Chinese 58Y2827
296 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 305 ---
Windows Vista Ultimate (32 bit) DVDs
Windows Vista Ultimate (32 bit) is preinstalled as the operating system in the
following models:
v 7454-CTO, 9Hx
v 7455-CTO, D9x
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, 2Qx, 5Hx, 5Nx, 5Sx, 7Cx, FAx, FFx, GEx
v 7459-CTO, 65x, 6Ax
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, FPx
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO, 7Ax
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
Table 52. Parts list—Windows Vista Ultimate (32 bit) DVDs
Language P/N CRU
ID
Czech 58Y2834 *
Danish 58Y2835
English 58Y2851
English, Finnish, and Swedish (in Sweden) 58Y2853
English, French, German, and Dutch (in Belgium and Luxemburg) 58Y2852
English, French, German, and Italian (in Switzerland) 58Y2854
French 58Y2836
German 58Y2838
Greek 58Y2837
Hebrew 58Y2839
Hungarian 58Y2841
Italian 58Y2842
Norwegian 58Y2843
Polish 58Y2844
Romanian 58Y2845
Serbian-Latin 58Y2849
Simplified Chinese 58Y2832
Slovak 58Y2846
Slovenian 58Y2847
Spanish 58Y2848
Traditional Chinese 58Y2833
Traditional Chinese (Hong Kong S.A.R.) 58Y2840
Turkish 58Y2850
Parts list 297

--- Page 306 ---
Windows 7 Home Basic (32 bit) DVDs
Windows 7 Home Basic (32 bit) is preinstalled as the operating system in the
following models:
v 7454-CTO, 3Kx, 3Yx, 3Zx, G2x, G3x, GFx, GGx, GHx, GJx, GPx
v 7455-CTO, F3x, FTx, FUx
v 7457-CTO, 55x, 56x, 57x
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx, 2Hx
v 7465-CTO, 3Tx, G2x, G3x, G4x
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
Table 53. Parts list—Windows 7 Home Basic (32 bit) DVDs
Language P/N CRU
ID
Brazilian Portuguese 58Y3907 *
English 58Y3915
English (for India) 58Y3909
Russian 58Y3911
Russian (English-enabled) 58Y3910
Serbian-Latin 58Y3913
Simplified Chinese 58Y3908
Spanish 58Y3912
Turkish 58Y3914
298 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 307 ---
v 3249-CTO, 23x, 26x, 27x, 2Bx, 2Kx, 2Lx, 2Mx, J2x, J4x, J5x
v 3323-CTO, 4Bx, 4Nx, 53x, 8Bx, 8Rx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, 8Vx, KNx
v 3357-CTO, D2x
v 3626-CTO, G5x, GAx, GBx
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
Table 54. Parts list—Windows 7 Home Basic (32 bit) recovery DVDs
Language P/N CRU
ID
Brazilian Portuguese 76Y1176 *
English 76Y1185
English (for India) 76Y1178
English (modem-disabled) 76Y1184
Russian 76Y1180
Russian (English-enabled) 76Y1179
Serbian-Latin 76Y1182
Simplified Chinese 76Y1177
Spanish 76Y1181
Turkish 76Y1183
Parts list 299

--- Page 308 ---
Windows 7 Home Premium (32 bit) DVDs
Windows 7 Home Premium (32 bit) is preinstalled as the operating system in the
following models:
v 7454-CTO, 3Px, 3Tx, GCx
v 7455-CTO, 49x, 4Nx, 8Rx, 8Yx, P4x, P5x
v 7457-CTO, 58x
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO, 3Jx, 3Lx, 3Wx, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x, GAx
v 7466-CTO, 46x, 4Zx, 5Lx, 5Px, 5Tx, 5Ux, F5x, FDx, FGx, FJx, FLx
v 7469-CTO, 93x, 9Ax
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
Table 55. Parts list—Windows 7 Home Premium (32 bit) DVDs
Language P/N CRU
ID
Brazilian Portuguese 58Y3916 *
English 58Y3930
English (for India) 58Y3919
English (modem-disabled) 58Y3929
French 58Y3920
Hebrew 58Y3921
Japanese 58Y3923
Korean 58Y3924
Russian 58Y3926
Russian (English-enabled) 58Y3925
Simplified Chinese 58Y3917
Spanish 58Y3927
Traditional Chinese 58Y3918
Traditional Chinese (Hong Kong S.A.R.) 58Y3922
Turkish 58Y3928
300 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 309 ---
v 3249-CTO, 22x, 29x, 2Ax, J3x, J6x, J8x, J9x
v 3323-CTO, 44x, 45x, 46x, 48x, 49x, 4Px, 52x, 8Jx, 8Yx, 94x, 98x, 9Cx, KPx
v 3357-CTO, D4x, D6x
v 3626-CTO, G6x, GCx
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO, 73x
v 5143-CTO, 4Cx
v 5385-CTO, D4x
v 5397-CTO, GAx
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
Table 56. Parts list—Windows 7 Home Premium (32 bit) DVDs
Language P/N CRU
ID
English 76Y1194 *
English (for India) 76Y1188
Japanese 76Y1190
Korean 76Y1191
Russian 76Y1193
Russian (English-enabled) 76Y1192
Simplified Chinese 76Y1186
Traditional Chinese 76Y1187
Traditional Chinese (Hong Kong S.A.R.) 76Y1189
Parts list 301

--- Page 310 ---
Windows 7 Home Premium (64 bit) DVDs
Windows 7 Home Premium (64 bit) is preinstalled as the operating system in the
following models:
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO
v 7469-CTO
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
Table 57. Parts list—Windows 7 Home Premium (64 bit) DVDs
Language P/N CRU
ID
English 58Y3936 *
English (for India) 58Y3932
Japanese 58Y3933
Polish 58Y3934
Simplified Chinese 58Y3931
Turkish 58Y3935
302 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 311 ---
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO, 7Sx, 7Tx, 7Ux, 7Vx, 82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 8Zx, 95x, 99x, 9Dx
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO, GFx
v 3680-CTO
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO, R1x
v 5143-CTO, 4Dx
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO
v 5413-CTO
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
Table 58. Parts list—Windows 7 Home Premium (64 bit) DVDs
Language P/N CRU
ID
English 76Y1209 *
English (for India) 76Y1199
English (modem-disabled) 76Y1208
Japanese 76Y1201
Korean 76Y1202
Polish 76Y1203
Russian 76Y1205
Russian (English-enabled) 76Y1204
Serbian-Latin 76Y1206
Simplified Chinese 76Y1197
Traditional Chinese 76Y1198
Traditional Chinese (Hong Kong S.A.R.) 76Y1200
Turkish 76Y1207
Parts list 303

--- Page 312 ---
Windows 7 Professional (32 bit) DVDs
Windows 7 Professional (32 bit) is preinstalled as the operating system in the
following models:
v 7454-CTO, 33x, 3Lx, 3Qx, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Xx, GDx, GEx, GLx, GMx, GNx
v 7455-CTO, 44x, 45x, 46x, 48x, 4Ax, 4Hx, 4Kx, 4Sx, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 4Yx, 4Zx, 82x,
83x, 84x, 86x, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Lx, 8Mx, 8Nx, 8Px, 8Qx, 8Sx, 8Tx, 8Ux, F2x, F4x,
F5x, F6x, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FNx, FPx, FQx, FSx, FVx, FWx,
FXx, FYx, FZx, P2x, P7x, P9x, PAx, PCx, PDx, PEx, PFx, PHx
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, 62x, 64x, 66x, 6Ax, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Jx, 6Kx, 6Qx, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 6Ux,
6Vx, 6Wx
v 7459-CTO, 73x, 74x, 75x
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO, 3Kx, 3Mx, 3Rx, 3Ux, GBx
v 7466-CTO, 4Hx, 4Lx, 4Px, 4Tx, 4Vx, 4Wx, 4Xx, 52x, 53x, 54x, 55x, 56x, 57x, 58x,
5Ax, 5Cx, 5Ex, 5Fx, 5Gx, 5Hx, 5Mx, 5Qx, 5Rx, 5Sx, 5Vx, 5Yx, F6x, F7x, F8x, FAx,
FBx, FEx, FHx, FKx, FMx, FPx, FQx, FRx, FSx, FTx, FUx, FVx, FXx, FYx, FZx,
N2x
v 7469-CTO, 63x, 65x, 67x, 69x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 6Ex, 6Hx, 6Jx, 6Tx, 6Ux, 6Vx, 6Xx,
6Yx, 94x, 95x, 96x, 97x, 98x, 99x, 9Bx, 9Ex, 9Gx
v 7470-CTO, 73x, 74x, 75x, 76x, 77x
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
304 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 313 ---
Table 59. Parts list—Windows 7 Professional (32 bit) DVDs
Language P/N CRU
ID
Brazilian Portuguese 58Y3862 *
Czech 58Y3865
Danish 58Y3866
English 58Y3889
English (modem-disabled) 58Y3888
English (for India) 58Y3867
English, Finnish, and Swedish (in Sweden) 58Y3891
English, French, German, and Dutch (in Belgium and Luxemburg) 58Y3890
English, French, German, and Italian (in Switzerland) 58Y3892
French 58Y3868
German 58Y3870
Greek 58Y3869
Hebrew 58Y3871
Hungarian 58Y3873
Italian 58Y3874
Japanese 58Y3875
Korean 58Y3876
Norwegian 58Y3877
Polish 58Y3878
Portuguese 58Y3879
Romanian 58Y3881
Russian 58Y3882
Russian (English-enabled) 58Y3880
Serbian-Latin 58Y3886
Simplified Chinese 58Y3863
Slovak 58Y3883
Slovenian 58Y3884
Spanish 58Y3885
Traditional Chinese 58Y3864
Traditional Chinese (Hong Kong S.A.R.) 58Y3872
Turkish 58Y3887
Parts list 305

--- Page 314 ---
v 3249-CTO, 24x, 25x, 28x, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx, 2Gx, 2Hx, 2Jx, 2Lx, J7x
v 3323-CTO, 42x, 4Ax, 4Cx, 4Dx, 4Ex, 4Lx, 4Mx, 4Rx, 4Sx, 4Tx, 4Vx, 54x, 55x, 56x,
57x, 58x, 5Bx, 5Dx, 5Fx, 5Hx, 5Jx, 5Kx, 5Lx, 5Mx, 5Nx, 5Px, 5Rx, 63x, 64x, 65x,
66x, 67x, 68x, 69x, 6Ax, 6Kx, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px, 6Rx, 6Sx, 6Tx, 75x, 76x, 77x,
78x, 79x, 7Ax, 7Bx, 7Cx, 89x, 8Ax, 8Cx, 8Dx, 8Ex, 8Kx, 8Lx, 8Nx, 8Wx, 92x, 96x,
9Ax, 9Ex, 9Fx, 9Gx, 9Hx, K6x, K7x, K8x, K9x, KFx, KGx, KHx, KRx, KSx, KTx,
KVx, L3x, L5x, L6x, LAx, LBx, LFx, R2x
v 3357-CTO, D3x, D5x, D7x
v 3626-CTO, 11x, F2x, F3x, F5x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx, FCx, FDx, FEx, FFx, FGx,
FMx, FPx, FRx, FSx, FUx, FWx, FYx, FZx, G8x, GEx, GHx, GHx, GJx, GJx, GKx,
GLx, GTx, GUx, H2x, N2x
v 3680-CTO, 11x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FAx, FBx, P4x, P5x, P6x, P7x, PAx, PDx, N2x
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO, 72x
v 5143-CTO, 22x, 23x, 24x, 25x, 26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2Ax, 2Bx, 2Cx, 2Dx, 2Ex, 2Fx,
2Gx, 2Sx, 2Tx, 2Ux, 2Vx, 2Wx, 2Yx, 2Zx, 32x, 3Ux, 3Vx, 3Wx, 3Yx, 3Zx, 42x, 43x,
44x, 45x, 46x, 47x, 4Ex, 4Gx, 4Hx
v 5385-CTO, D2x, D3x
v 5397-CTO, F2x, F3x, F5x, FAx, FDx, FEx, FGx, FHx, FJx, FKx, FMx, FNx, FPx,
FSx, FTx, FWx, FXx, G2x, G3x, G4x, G5x, G6x, G7x, G8x, G9x
v 5413-CTO, FDx, FEx, FGx, L2x, L4x
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
306 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 315 ---
Table 60. Parts list—Windows 7 Professional (32 bit) DVDs
Language P/N CRU
ID
Brazilian Portuguese 76Y1085 *
Czech 76Y1088
Danish 76Y1089
English 76Y1112
English (modem-disabled) 76Y1111
English (for India) 76Y1090
English, Finnish, and Swedish (in Sweden) 76Y1114
English, French, German, and Dutch (in Belgium and Luxemburg) 76Y1113
English, French, German, and Italian (in Switzerland) 76Y1115
French 76Y1091
German 76Y1093
Greek 76Y1092
Hebrew 76Y1094
Hungarian 76Y1096
Italian 76Y1097
Japanese 76Y1098
Korean 76Y1099
Norwegian 76Y1100
Polish 76Y1101
Portuguese 76Y1102
Romanian 76Y1104
Russian 76Y1104
Russian (English-enabled) 76Y1103
Serbian-Latin 76Y1109
Simplified Chinese 76Y1086
Slovak 76Y1106
Slovenian 76Y1107
Spanish 76Y1108
Traditional Chinese 76Y1087
Traditional Chinese (Hong Kong S.A.R.) 76Y1095
Turkish 76Y1110
Parts list 307

--- Page 316 ---
Windows 7 Professional (64 bit) DVDs
Windows 7 Professional (64 bit) is preinstalled as the operating system in the
following models:
v 7454-CTO
v 7455-CTO, 4Qx, 4Rx, 89x, 8Ax, 8Vx, 8Wx, 8Zx
v 7457-CTO
v 7458-CTO, 2Tx, 65x, 67x, 6Lx, 6Mx, 6Nx, 6Px
v 7459-CTO
v 2023-CTO
v 2024-CTO
v 7462-CTO
v 7465-CTO
v 7466-CTO, 44x, 4Kx, 4Nx, 4Rx
v 7469-CTO, 6Fx, 6Gx, 6Wx, 6Zx
v 7470-CTO
v 2046-CTO
v 2047-CTO
Table 61. Parts list—Windows 7 Professional (64 bit) DVDs
Language P/N CRU
ID
Danish 58Y3895 *
English 58Y3905
English (for India) 58Y3896
English, French, German, and Italian (in Switzerland) 58Y3906
French 58Y3897
German 58Y3898
Hebrew 58Y3899
Italian 58Y3901
Japanese 58Y3902
Korean 58Y3903
Simplified Chinese 58Y3893
Spanish 58Y3904
Traditional Chinese 58Y3894
Traditional Chinese (Hong Kong S.A.R.) 58Y3900
308 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 317 ---
v 3249-CTO
v 3323-CTO, 4Fx, 4Gx, 4Ux, 4Wx, 5Gx, 7Mx, 7Nx, 7Px, 7Rx, 7Wx, 7Xx, 7Yx, 7Zx,
8Fx, 8Gx, 8Px, 8Xx, 93x, 97x, 9Bx, K2x, K3x, K4x, K5x, KAx, KCx, KDx, KEx,
KUx, KWx
v 3357-CTO
v 3626-CTO, F4x, F6x, FTx, FXx, G2x, G7x, G9x, GDx, GMx, GNx, GPx, GRx, GSx,
GVx, GWx, GXx, GYx, GZx, H3x, H4x, H5x, H6x, H7x, R3x
v 3680-CTO, P8x, P9x, PBx, PCx, PEx, PFx, PGx, PHx, PJx
v 3712-CTO
v 4492-CTO
v 5129-CTO
v 5143-CTO, 48x, 49x, 4Ax, 4Bx, 4Jx
v 5385-CTO
v 5397-CTO, F4x, F6x, F7x, F8x, F9x, FBx, FCx, FFx, FRx
v 5413-CTO, FFx, L3x, L5x
v 5442-CTO
v 5446-CTO
Table 62. Parts list—Windows 7 Professional (64 bit) DVDs
Language P/N CRU
ID
Danish 76Y1241 *
English 76Y1250
English (for India) 76Y1242
English (modem-disabled) 76Y1249
French 76Y1243
German 76Y1244
Italian 76Y1246
Japanese 76Y1247
Simplified Chinese 76Y1240
Spanish 76Y1248
Traditional Chinese (Hong Kong S.A.R.) 76Y1245
Parts list 309

--- Page 318 ---
Common service tools
Table 63. Parts list—Common service tools
Tool P/N
Screwdriver kit 95F3598
1/4″ drive spinner handle 1650840
1/4″ Sq. to 1/4″ hex torx adapter 93F2838
TR7-TR-10 tamper resistant torx bits 00P6967
Removal tool antenna RF connector 08K7159
USB 2.0 CD-RW/DVD-ROM combo drive II 40Y8687
USB cable 40Y8704
USB floppy diskette drive for maintenance diskette 05K9283
USB floppy diskette drive tool kit 27L3452
Test card for integrated Smart Card 42W7820
ThinkPad Hardware Maintenance Diskette Version 1.73 or later
Note: Download the file from the following Web site: http://www.lenovo.com/
spm
—
310 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 319 ---
Notices
Lenovo may not offer the products, services, or features discussed in this
document in all countries. Consult your local Lenovo representative for
information on the products and services currently available in your area. Any
reference to a Lenovo product, program, or service is not intended to state or
imply that only that Lenovo product, program, or service may be used. Any
functionally equivalent product, program, or service that does not infringe any
Lenovo intellectual property right may be used instead. However, it is the user’s
responsibility to evaluate and verify the operation of any other product, program,
or service.
Lenovo may have patents or pending patent applications covering subject matter
described in this document. The furnishing of this document does not give you
any license to these patents. You can send license inquiries, in writing, to:
Lenovo (United States), Inc.
1009 Think Place - Building One
Morrisville, NC 27560
U.S.A.
Attention: Lenovo Director of Licensing
LENOVO GROUP LTD. PROVIDES THIS PUBLICATION “AS IS” WITHOUT
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT,
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Some
jurisdictions do not allow disclaimer of express or implied warranties in certain
transactions, therefore, this statement may not apply to you.
This information could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors.
Changes are periodically made to the information herein; these changes will be
incorporated in new editions of the publication. Lenovo may make improvements
and/or changes in the product(s) and/or the program(s) described in this
publication at any time without notice.
The products described in this document are not intended for use in implantation
or other life support applications where malfunction may result in injury or death
to persons. The information contained in this document does not affect or change
Lenovo product specifications or warranties. Nothing in this document shall
operate as an express or implied license or indemnity under the intellectual
property rights of Lenovo or third parties. All information contained in this
document was obtained in specific environments and is presented as an
illustration. The result obtained in other operating environments may vary.
Lenovo may use or distribute any of the information you supply in any way it
believes appropriate without incurring any obligation to you.
Any references in this publication to non-Lenovo Web sites are provided for
convenience only and do not in any manner serve as an endorsement of those Web
sites. The materials at those Web sites are not part of the materials for this Lenovo
product, and use of those Web sites is at your own risk.
Any performance data contained herein was determined in a controlled
environment. Therefore, the result obtained in other operating environments may
© Copyright Lenovo 2008, 2010 311

--- Page 320 ---
vary significantly. Some measurements may have been made on development-level
systems and there is no guarantee that these measurements will be the same on
generally available systems. Furthermore, some measurements may have been
estimated through extrapolation. Actual results may vary. Users of this document
should verify the applicable data for their specific environment.
Trademarks
The following terms are trademarks of Lenovo in the United States, other countries
or both:
Active Protection System
Lenovo
®
Rescue and Recovery
®
ThinkLight
®
ThinkPad
®
ThinkVantage
®
TrackPoint
®
UltraBase
Ultrabay
UltraNav
®
The following terms are trademarks of the International Business Machines
Corporation in the United States, other countries, or both:
IBM
®
(used under license)
The following terms are trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States,
other countries, or both:
Windows
®
Windows Vista
®
The following are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the United
States, other countries, or both:
Intel
®
Intel
®
Celeron
®
Intel
®
Celeron
®
M
Intel
®
Core
TM
2 Duo
Intel
®
Core
TM
2 Solo
Other company, product, or service names may be the trademarks or service marks
of others.
312 ThinkPad X200, X200s, X200si, X201, X201i, and X201s Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 322 ---
Part Number: 43Y6632_05
(1P) P/N: 43Y6632_05

