Brand: LENOVO
Model: Thinkpad E16 Gen 1
URL: https://www.manua.ls/lenovo/thinkpad-e16-gen-1/manual
Total Pages: 108
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1  
Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 2 ---
First Edition (April 2023)
© Copyright Lenovo 2023. 
LIMITED AND RESTRICTED RIGHTS NOTICE: If data or software is delivered pursuant to a General Services 
Administration “GSA” contract, use, reproduction, or disclosure is subject to restrictions set forth in Contract No. GS- 
35F-05925.

--- Page 3 ---
Contents
About this manual .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . iii
Chapter 1.  Safety information .  .  .  .  .  . 1
General safety .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  1
Electrical safety .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  1
Safety inspection guide .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  3
Handling devices that are sensitive to electrostatic  
discharge .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  3
Grounding requirements .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  4
Safety notices (multilingual translations) .  .  .  .  .  .  4
Chapter 2.  Important service  
information .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  19
Strategy for replacing FRUs .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  19
Strategy for replacing a solid-state drive .  .  .  19
How to use error message .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  20
Strategy for replacing FRUs for CTO, special-bid, 
and standard models.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  20
Product definition .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  20
FRU identification .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  20
Chapter 3.  General checkout .  .  .  .  .  21
What to do first .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  21
Checkout guide .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  22
Diagnosing problems .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  22
Quick test programs .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  23
UEFI diagnostic program .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  23
Bootable diagnostic programs .  .  .  .  .  .  .  24
Power system checkout .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  24
Checking the ac power adapter .  .  .  .  .  .  .  25
Checking the built-in battery and operational  
charging .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  25
Checking the coin-cell battery .  .  .  .  .  .  .  25
Chapter 4.  Related service  
information .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  27
Reset or restore Windows .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  27
Passwords.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  27
Power-on password .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  27
NVMe passwords .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  27
Supervisor password .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  28
System management password.  .  .  .  .  .  .  28
How to remove the power-on password .  .  .  29
How to remove the NVMe password .  .  .  .  .  29
How to remove the system management  
password .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  29
Power management .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  30
Sleep mode .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  30
Hibernation mode .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  30
Symptom-to-FRU index .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  31
Numeric error codes .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  32
Error messages .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  33
Beep errors.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  33
No-beep symptoms .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  35
LCD-related symptoms .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  36
Intermittent problems .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  37
Undetermined problems .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  37
Chapter 5.  Special keys .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  39
Chapter 6.  Locations .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  41
Locating computer controls and connectors .  .  .  41
Front view .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  41
Side view .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  43
Locating FRUs and CRUs .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  46
Major FRUs and CRUs .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  47
LCD FRUs and CRUs .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  51
Miscellaneous parts .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  53
Connector and cable guide .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  53
Looking up FRU information .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  56
Chapter 7.  FRU replacement  
notices .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  57
Service tool kit .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  57
Screw notices .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  57
Retaining serial numbers .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  58
Restoring the serial number of the system  
unit .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  58
Retaining the UUID.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  59
Reading or writing the ECA information .  .  .  .  59
Chapter 8.  Removing or replacing a  
FRU.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  61
General guidelines.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  61
Before servicing the computer .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  61
Disabling the built-in battery .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  61
1010 Base cover assembly .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  62
1020 Built-in battery .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  65
1030 Memory module and memory module  
bracket .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  65
1040 M.2 solid-state drive .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  66
1050 Speaker assembly .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  67
1060 Wireless LAN card .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  68
1070 Thermal fan assembly .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  69
1080 I/O board and I/O board cable .  .  .  .  .  .  .  71
© Copyright Lenovo 2023 i

--- Page 4 ---
1090 Power button with or without fingerprint reader and 
fingerprint reader cable .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  74
1100 Coin-cell battery .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  75
1110 Trackpad and trackpad cable .  .  .  .  .  .  .  76
1120 System board .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  78
1130 LCD unit .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  82
1140 LCD bezel assembly.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  86
1150 LCD panel and elastic adhesive tapes .  .  .  .  87
1160 LCD hinges .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  90
1170 Camera and microphone rubber(for selected  
models) .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  91
1180 eDP cable assembly .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  93
1190 Wireless LAN antenna assembly (for selected 
models) .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  93
1200 LCD cover assembly.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  94
Appendix A.  Notices .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  97
Appendix B.  Abbreviation table .  .  .  .  99
ii ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 5 ---
About this manual
This manual contains service and reference information for the following products:
Product name
Machine type (MT)
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 21JK, 21JL, 21JR, and 21JS
ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 21JN, 21JQ, 21JT, and 21JU
ThinkPad R14 Gen 5
21JM
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5, ThinkPad R14 Gen 5 and ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 might be shipped with different 
microprocessors, namely Intel
® 
and Advanced Micro Devices (AMD). Hereby Intel models and AMD models 
are used to distinguish computer models with different microprocessors.
Use this manual along with the advanced diagnostic tests to troubleshoot problems.
Important: 
•  This manual is intended only for trained service technicians who are familiar with products. Use this 
manual along with the advanced diagnostic tests to troubleshoot problems effectively. 
•  Depending on the model, some hardware configuration and software programs might not be available on 
the computer. Some statements in this manual might not be applicable to the computer.
•  Before servicing a product, be sure to read all the information under Chapter 1 “Safety information” on 
page 1 and Chapter 2 “Important service information” on page 19.
© Copyright Lenovo 2023 iii

--- Page 6 ---
iv ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 7 ---
Chapter 1. Safety information
This chapter presents following safety information that you need to be familiar with before you service a 
notebook computer.
•  “General safety” on page 1
•  “Electrical safety” on page 1
•  “Safety inspection guide” on page 3
•  “Handling devices that are sensitive to electrostatic discharge” on page 3
•  “Grounding requirements” on page 4
•  “Safety notices (multilingual translations)” on page 4
General safety
Follow these rules to ensure general safety:
•  Observe good housekeeping in the area of the machines during and after maintenance.
•  When lifting any heavy object:  
1.  Ensure that you can stand safely without slipping.
2.  Distribute the weight of the object equally between your feet.
3.  Use a slow lifting force. Never move suddenly or twist when you attempt to lift.
4.  Lift by standing or by pushing up with your leg muscles; this action removes the strain from the 
muscles in your back. Do not attempt to lift any object that weighs more than 16 kg (35 lb) or that you 
think is too heavy for you.
•  Do not perform any action that causes hazards to the customer, or that makes the equipment unsafe.
•  Before you start the machine, ensure that other service technicians and the customer's personnel are not 
in a hazardous position.
•  Place removed covers and other parts in a safe place, away from all personnel, while you are servicing the 
machine.
•  Keep your tool case away from walk areas so that other people will not trip over it.
•  Do not wear loose clothing that can be trapped in the moving parts of a machine. Ensure that your sleeves 
are fastened or rolled up above your elbows. If your hair is long, fasten it.
•  Insert the ends of your necktie or scarf inside clothing or fasten it with a nonconductive clip, about 8 
centimeters (3 inches) from the end.
•  Do not wear jewelry, chains, metal-frame eyeglasses, or metal fasteners for your clothing, because metal 
objects are good electrical conductors.
•  Wear safety glasses when you are hammering, drilling, soldering, cutting wire, attaching springs, using 
solvents, or working in any other conditions that might be hazardous to your eyes.
•  After service, reinstall all safety shields, guards, labels, and ground wires. Replace any safety device that 
is worn or defective.
•  Reinstall all covers correctly before returning the machine to the customer.
•  Fan louvers on the machine help to prevent overheating of internal components. Do not obstruct fan 
louvers or cover them with labels or stickers.
Electrical safety
Observe the following rules when working on electrical equipment.
© Copyright Lenovo 2023 1

--- Page 8 ---
Important: 
•  Use only approved tools and test equipment. Some hand tools have handles covered with a soft material 
that does not insulate you when working with live electrical currents.
•  Many customers have, near their equipment, rubber floor mats that contain small conductive fibers to 
decrease electrostatic discharges (ESD). Do not use this type of mat to protect yourself from electrical 
shock.
•  Find the room emergency power-off (EPO) switch, disconnecting switch, or electrical outlet. If an electrical 
accident occurs, you can then operate the switch or unplug the power cord quickly.
•  Do not work alone under hazardous conditions or near equipment that has hazardous voltages.
•  Disconnect all power before:
–  Performing a mechanical inspection
–  Working near power supplies
–  Removing or installing main units
•  Before you start to work on the machine, unplug the power cord. If you cannot unplug it, ask the customer 
to power off the wall box that supplies power to the machine, and to lock the wall box in the off position.
•  If you need to work on a machine that has exposed electrical circuits, observe the following precautions:
–  Ensure that another person, familiar with the power-off controls, is near you. That person must be there 
to switch off the power, if necessary.
–  Use only one hand when working with powered-on electrical equipment; keep the other hand in your 
pocket or behind your back.
CAUTION: 
An electrical shock can occur only when there is a complete circuit. By observing the above rule, 
you may prevent a current from passing through your body.
–  When using testers, set the controls correctly and use the approved probe leads and accessories for 
that tester.
–  Stand on suitable rubber mats (obtained locally, if necessary) to insulate you from grounds such as 
metal floor strips and machine frames.
Observe the special safety precautions when you work with very high voltages. Instructions for these 
precautions are in the safety sections of maintenance information. Use extreme care when measuring high 
voltages.
•  Regularly inspect and maintain your electrical hand tools for safe operational condition.
•  Do not use worn or broken tools and testers.
•  Never assume that power has been disconnected from a circuit. First, check that it has been powered off.
•  Always look carefully for possible hazards in your work area. Examples of these hazards are moist floors, 
nongrounded power extension cables, power surges, and missing safety grounds.
•  Do not touch live electrical circuits with the reflective surface of a plastic dental mirror. The surface is 
conductive; such touching can cause personal injury and machine damage.
•  Do not service the following parts with the power on:
–  Power supply units
–  Fans
–  Units similar to those listed above
This practice ensures correct grounding of the units.
•  If an electrical accident occurs:
–  Use caution; do not become a victim yourself.
–  Switch off power.
–  Send another person to get medical aid.
2
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 9 ---
Safety inspection guide
The purpose of this inspection guide is to assist you in identifying potentially unsafe conditions. As each 
machine was designed and built, required safety items were installed to protect users and service 
technicians from injury. This guide addresses only those items. You should use good judgment to identify 
potential safety hazards due to attachment of non-ThinkPad / non-Lenovo features or options not covered by 
this inspection guide.
If any unsafe conditions are present, you must determine how serious the apparent hazard could be and 
whether you can continue without first correcting the problem.
Consider these conditions and the safety hazards they present: 
•  Electrical hazards, especially primary power (primary voltage on the frame can cause serious or fatal 
electrical shock)
•  Explosive hazards, such as a damaged CRT face or a bulging capacitor
•  Mechanical hazards, such as loose or missing hardware
To determine whether there are any potentially unsafe conditions, use the following checklist at the 
beginning of every service task. Begin the checks with the power off, and the power cord disconnected.
Checklist: 
1.  Check exterior covers for damage (loose, broken, or sharp edges).
2.  Turn off the computer. Disconnect the power cord.
3.  Check the power cord for: 
a.  A third-wire ground connector in good condition. Use a meter to measure third-wire ground 
continuity for 0.1 ohm or less between the external ground pin and the frame ground.
b.  The power cord should be the authorized type specified for your computer. Go to: 
https:// 
support.lenovo.com/partslookup
.
c.  Insulation must not be frayed or worn.
4.  Check for cracked or bulging batteries.
5.  Remove the cover.
6.  Check for any obvious non-ThinkPad / non-Lenovo alterations. Use good judgment as to the safety of 
any non-ThinkPad / non-Lenovo alterations.
7.  Check inside the unit for any obvious unsafe conditions, such as metal filings, contamination, water or 
other liquids, or signs of fire or smoke damage.
8.  Check for worn, frayed, or pinched cables.
9.  Check that the power-supply cover fasteners (screws or rivets) have not been removed or tampered 
with.
Handling devices that are sensitive to electrostatic discharge
Any computer part containing transistors or integrated circuits (ICs) should be considered sensitive to 
electrostatic discharge (ESD). ESD damage can occur when there is a difference in charge between objects. 
Protect against ESD damage by equalizing the charge so that the machine, the part, the work mat, and the 
person handling the part are all at the same charge.
Notes: 
1.  Use product-specific ESD procedures when they exceed the requirements noted here.
Chapter 1. Safety information 3

--- Page 10 ---
2.  Ensure that the ESD protective devices you use have been certified (ISO 9000) as fully effective.
When handling ESD-sensitive parts:
•  Keep the parts in protective packages until they are inserted into the product.
•  Avoid contact with other people.
•  Wear a grounded wrist strap against your skin to eliminate static on your body.
•  Prevent the part from touching your clothing. Most clothing is insulative and retains a charge even when 
you are wearing a wrist strap.
•  Use a grounded work mat to provide a static-free work surface. The mat is especially useful when 
handling ESD-sensitive devices.
•  Select a grounding system, such as those listed below, to provide protection that meets the specific 
service requirement.  
Note: The use of a grounding system to guard against ESD damage is desirable but not necessary.
–  Attach the ESD ground clip to any frame ground, ground braid, or green-wire ground.
–  When working on a double-insulated or battery-operated system, use an ESD common ground or 
reference point. You can use coax or connector-outside shells on these systems.
–  Use the round ground prong of the ac plug on ac-operated computers.
Grounding requirements
Electrical grounding of the computer is required for operator safety and correct system function. Proper 
grounding of the electrical outlet can be verified by a certified electrician. 
Safety notices (multilingual translations)
The safety notices in this section are provided in the following languages: 
•  English
•  Arabic
•  Brazilian Portuguese
•  French
•  German
•  Hebrew
•  Japanese
•  Korean
•  Spanish
•  Traditional Chinese
DANGER 
DANGER 
4
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 11 ---
DANGER 
DANGER 
DANGER 
DANGER 
DANGER 
DANGER 
Chapter 1. Safety information 5

--- Page 12 ---
6 ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 13 ---
PERIGO 
PERIGO 
PERIGO 
Chapter 1. Safety information 7

--- Page 14 ---
PERIGO 
PERIGO 
PERIGO 
PERIGO 
PERIGO 
DANGER 
DANGER 
8
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 15 ---
DANGER 
DANGER 
DANGER 
DANGER 
DANGER 
Chapter 1. Safety information 9

--- Page 16 ---
DANGER 
VORSICHT 
VORSICHT 
VORSICHT 
VORSICHT 
10 ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 17 ---
VORSICHT 
VORSICHT 
VORSICHT 
VORSICHT 
Chapter 1. Safety information 11

--- Page 18 ---
12 ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 19 ---
Chapter 1. Safety information 13

--- Page 20 ---
14 ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 21 ---
Chapter 1. Safety information 15

--- Page 22 ---
16 ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 23 ---
Chapter 1. Safety information 17

--- Page 24 ---
18 ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 25 ---
Chapter 2. Important service information
This chapter introduces following important service information that applies to all machine types supported 
by this manual:
•  “Strategy for replacing FRUs” on page 19
–  “Strategy for replacing a solid-state drive” on page 19
–  “How to use error message” on page 20
•  “Strategy for replacing FRUs for CTO, special-bid, and standard models” on page 20
–  “Product definition” on page 20
–  “FRU identification” on page 20
Important: 
•  Advise customers to contact the Lenovo Customer Support Center if they need any assistance in 
obtaining or installing any software fixes, drivers, and UEFI BIOS downloads. Telephone numbers for 
Lenovo Support are available at:  
https://pcsupport.lenovo.com/supportphonelist
•  System Disassembly/Reassembly videos that show the FRU removals or replacements for the Lenovo 
authorized service technicians are available in the following support site:  
https://support.lenovo.com/us/en/solutions/ht505031
Strategy for replacing FRUs
Before replacing parts:
Ensure that all software fixes, drivers, and UEFI BIOS downloads are installed before replacing any FRUs 
listed in this manual.
After a system board is replaced, ensure that the latest UEFI BIOS is loaded to the system board before 
completing the service action.
To download software fixes, drivers, and UEFI BIOS, go to 
https://support.lenovo.com and follow the 
instructions on the screen.
Use the following strategy to prevent unnecessary expense for replacing and servicing FRUs:
•  If you are instructed to replace a FRU but the replacement does not correct the problem, reinstall the 
original FRU before you continue.
•  Some computers have both a processor board and a system board. If you are instructed to replace either 
the processor board or the system board, and replacing one of them does not correct the problem, 
reinstall that board, and then replace the other one.
•  If an adapter or a device consists of more than one FRU, any of the FRUs may be the cause of the error. 
Before replacing the adapter or device, remove the FRUs, one by one, to see if the symptoms change. 
Replace only the FRU that changed the symptoms.
Strategy for replacing a solid-state drive
Always try to run a low-level format operation before replacing a solid-state drive. This will erase all data on 
the drive. Ensure that the customer has a current backup of the data before you perform this task.
Attention: The drive startup sequence in the computer you are servicing might have been changed. Be 
extremely careful during write operations such as copying, saving, or formatting. If you select an incorrect 
drive, data or programs can be overwritten.
© Copyright Lenovo 2023 19

--- Page 26 ---
How to use error message
Use the error codes displayed on the screen to diagnose failures. If more than one error code is displayed, 
begin the diagnosis with the first error code. Whatever causes the first error code might also cause false error 
codes. If no error code is displayed, see whether the error symptom is listed in the section of “Symptom-to- 
FRU index” on page 31.
Strategy for replacing FRUs for CTO, special-bid, and standard models
This topic provides information about the model types and FRU identification.
Product definition
This topic introduces different model types and how to identify each type.
Dynamic Configure To Order (CTO) model
This model provides the ability for a customer to configure a Lenovo solution from a Web Site, and have this 
configuration sent to fulfillment, where it is built and shipped directly to the customer. The machine label and 
eSupport will load these products as the 4-character MT, 4-character model, and 2-character country code. 
The model is “CTO1” and the default country code is “WW” (example: 20AACTO1WW).
Special-bid model
This model is a unique configuration that has been negotiated between Lenovo and the customer. A unique 
MTM consists of a 4-character MT, a 4-character model, and a numeric 2-character country code is provided 
to the customer to place orders (example: 20AA000955). The country code assigned is numeric and does not 
designate a specific country or region. The custom model fact sheet for the MTM indicates which country the 
special bid MTM is set up for. Special-bid offering is not generally announced. 
Standard model
Standard models (fixed configuration) are announced and offered to all customers. The MTM portion of the 
machine label consists of a 4-character MT, a 4-character model, and an alphabetic 2-character country 
code. The country code assigned is alphabetic and represents a designated country or region (example: 
20AA0009UK).
FRU identification
To identify FRUs for a product, do the following: 
1.  Go to 
https://support.lenovo.com/partslookup.
2.  Type the Machine Type in the corresponding field to get a general FRU list. Or type the Serial Number for 
more detailed FRU information.
20
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 27 ---
Chapter 3. General checkout
This chapter presents following information:
•  “What to do first” on page 21
•  “Checkout guide” on page 22
–  “Diagnosing problems” on page 22
–  “Quick test programs” on page 23
–  “UEFI diagnostic program” on page 23
–  “Bootable diagnostic programs” on page 24
•  “Power system checkout” on page 24
Some descriptions in this chapter might not apply to your particular computer.
Before you go to the checkout guide, be sure to read the following important notes.
Important notes:
•  Only certified trained personnel should service the computer.
•  Before replacing any FRU, read the entire page on removing and replacing FRUs.
•  When you replace FRUs, it is recommended to use new nylon-coated screws.
•  Be extremely careful during such write operations as copying, saving, or formatting. Drives in the 
computer that you are servicing sequence might have been altered. If you select an incorrect drive, data or 
programs might be overwritten.
•  Replace a FRU only with another FRU of the correct model. When you replace a FRU, ensure that the 
model of the machine and the FRU part number are correct.
•  A FRU should not be replaced because of a single, unreproducible failure. Single failures can occur 
for a variety of reasons that have nothing to do with a hardware defect, such as cosmic radiation, ESD, or 
software errors. Consider replacing a FRU only when a problem recurs. If you suspect that a FRU is 
defective, clear the error log and run the test again. If the error does not recur, do not replace the FRU.
•  Be careful not to replace a nondefective FRU.
What to do first
When you return a FRU, you must include the following information in the parts exchange form or parts return 
form that you attach to it:
1.  Name and phone number of service technician
2.  Date of service
3.  Date on which the machine failed
4.  Date of purchase
5.  Failure symptoms, error codes appearing on the display, and beep symptoms
6.  Procedure index and page number in which the failing FRU was detected
7.  Failing FRU name and part number
8.  Machine type, model number, and serial number
9.  Customer's name and address
Note: During the warranty period, the customer may be responsible for repair costs if the computer damage 
was caused by misuse, accident, modification, unsuitable physical or operating environment, or improper 
maintenance by the customer. Following is a list of some common items that are not covered under warranty 
and some symptoms that might indicate that the system was subjected to stress beyond normal use.
Before checking problems with the computer, determine whether the damage is covered under the warranty 
by referring to the following list:
© Copyright Lenovo 2023 21

--- Page 28 ---
The following are not covered under warranty:
•  LCD panel cracked from the application of excessive force or from being dropped
•  Scratched (cosmetic) parts
•  Distortion, deformation, or discoloration of the cosmetic parts
•  Plastic parts, latches, pins, or connectors that have been cracked or broken by excessive force
•  Damage caused by liquid spilled into the system
•  Damage caused by the improper insertion of a PC Card or the installation of an incompatible card
•  Diskette drive damage caused by pressure on the diskette drive cover, foreign material in the drive, or the 
insertion of a diskette with multiple labels
•  Damaged or bent diskette eject button
•  Fuses blown by attachment of a nonsupported device
•  Forgotten computer password (making the computer unusable)
•  Sticky keys caused by spilling a liquid onto the keyboard
•  Use of an incorrect ac power adapter on laptop products
The following symptoms might indicate damage caused by nonwarranted activities:
•  Missing parts might be a symptom of unauthorized service or modification.
•  Check for obvious damage to a solid-state drive. If the spindle of a solid-state drive becomes noisy, the 
solid-state drive might have been dropped or subject to excessive force.
Checkout guide
Use the following procedures as a guide in identifying and correcting problems with the ThinkPad notebook 
computer.
Note: The diagnostic tests are intended to test only ThinkPad products. The use of non-ThinkPad products, 
prototype cards, or modified options can lead to false indications of errors and invalid system responses.
1.  Identify the failing symptoms in as much detail as possible.
2.  Verify the symptoms. Try to re-create the failure by running the diagnostic test or by repeating the 
operation.
Diagnosing problems
Many computer problems can be solved without outside assistance. If you experience a problem with your 
computer, the first place to start is the troubleshooting information in your computer documentation. If you 
suspect a software problem, see the documentation, including readme files and help information systems, 
that come with the operating system or program.
The Vantage app is preinstalled on your computer. It supports the hardware scan function. It combines 
diagnostic tests, system information collection, security status, and support information, along with hints and 
tips for optimal system performance.
Note: If you are unable to isolate and repair the problem yourself after running the program, save and print 
the log files created by the program. You need the log files when you speak to a Lenovo technical support 
representative.
The troubleshooting information or the diagnostic programs might tell you that you need additional or 
updated device drivers or other software. You can get the latest technical information and download device 
drivers and updates from the Lenovo Support Web site at:
https://support.lenovo.com
For additional information, see the help system of the program.
22
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 29 ---
Quick test programs
Run quick test programs to troubleshoot and resolve computer problems, especially when the computer 
does not have the Vantage app installed.
To download and install a quick test program, go to 
https://www.lenovo.com/diags, and follow the instructions 
on the Web site.
To run a test using quick test program, do the following: 
1.  Go to the C:\SWTOOLS\ldiag directory.
2.  Double-click the lsc_lite.exe file.
3.  When the User Account Control window opens, click Yes.
4.  Select the device class to be tested.
5.  Select the devices to be tested.
6.  Select the test to be performed.
7.  Follow the instructions on the screen to start the test. When a problem is detected, information 
messages are displayed. Refer to the messages to troubleshoot the problem.
UEFI diagnostic program
A UEFI diagnostic program is preinstalled on the computer. This program enables you to view system 
information and test some hardware devices in your computer, such as memory, storage devices, the LCD, 
and system board buses.
To run the UEFI diagnostic program, do the following: 
1.  Turn on the computer. If the computer cannot be turned on, go to “Power system checkout” on page 24, 
and check the power sources. If an error code is displayed, go to “Symptom-to-FRU index” on page 31
for error code descriptions and troubleshooting hints.
2.  When the logo screen is displayed, repeatedly press and release the F10 key. The main screen of the 
UEFI diagnostic program is displayed.
3.  Follow the instructions on the screen to use the program.
The following table displays the main items of the UEFI diagnostic program. Depending on the model, the 
items might differ slightly. 
Table 1.  Items on the main screen of the UEFI diagnostic program
Tests Tools
•  Storage
•  Memory
•  Battery
•  CPU
•  Display
•  FAN
•  Keyboard
•  Mouse
•  PCI Express
•  Touch
•  System information
•  Bad Block Recovery
•  Smart Information
Chapter 3. General checkout 23

--- Page 30 ---
Bootable diagnostic programs
If the computer you are servicing is not installed with the UEFI diagnostic program, you can download a 
bootable diagnostic program from the Lenovo Support Web site. The bootable diagnostic program enables 
you to view system information and test some hardware devices in your computer, such as memory, storage 
devices, the LCD, and system board buses. To use the bootable diagnostic program, you can create a 
bootable diagnostic medium using a USB device or disc.
To create a bootable diagnostic medium, do the following: 
1.  Go to 
https://www.lenovo.com/diags.
2.  Click Lenovo Bootable Diagnostics.
3.  Follow the instructions on the Web site to create a bootable diagnostic medium on a USB device or disc.
To use the diagnostic medium you have created, do one of the following: 
•  If you have created the bootable diagnostic medium on a USB device, do the following: 
1.  Attach the USB device to the computer.
2.  Turn on the computer. If the computer cannot be turned on, go to “Power system checkout” on page 
24, and check the power sources. If an error code is displayed, go to “Symptom-to-FRU index” on 
page 31 for error code descriptions and troubleshooting hints.
3.  When the logo screen is displayed, repeatedly press and release the F12 key. When the Boot Menu 
window opens, release the F12 key.
4.  Use the arrow keys to select USB HDD and then press Enter. The diagnostic program launches.
5.  Follow the instructions on the screen to use the diagnostic program.
•  If you have created the bootable diagnostic medium using a disc, do the following: 
1.  Turn on the computer. If the computer cannot be turned on, go to “Power system checkout” on page 
24, and check the power sources. If an error code is displayed, go to “Symptom-to-FRU index” on 
page 31 for error code descriptions and troubleshooting hints.
2.  Insert the disc into the optical drive.
3.  Restart the computer.
4.  When the logo screen is displayed, repeatedly press and release the F12 key. When the Boot Menu 
window opens, release the F12 key.
5.  Use the arrow keys to select ATAPI CDx (x: 0, 1, ...) and then press Enter. The diagnostic program 
launches.
6.  Follow the instructions on the screen to use the diagnostic program.
Power system checkout
To verify if a battery or an ac power adapter is functional, do the following:
1.  Turn off the computer.
2.  Remove the built-in battery.
3.  Connect the ac power adapter. If the computer can be turned on, it means the ac power adapter is 
functional.
4.  Turn off the computer.
5.  Disconnect the ac power adapter and install the charged built-in battery.
6.  Turn on the computer. If the computer can be turned on, it means that the built-in battery is functional.
If you suspect a power problem, see the appropriate one of the following power supply checkouts: 
•  “Checking the ac power adapter” on page 25
•  “Checking the built-in battery and operational charging” on page 25
•  “Checking the coin-cell battery” on page 25
24
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 31 ---
Checking the ac power adapter
If the computer fails only when the ac power adapter is used:
•  If the power problem occurs only when the docking station or the port replicator is used, replace the 
docking station or the port replicator.
•  If the system status indicator does not blink three times when an ac power source is connected, check the 
power cord of the ac power adapter for correct continuity and installation.
•  If the computer does not charge during operation, go to “Checking the built-in battery and operational 
charging” on page 25.
Note: Noise from the ac power adapter does not always indicate a defect.
Checking the ac power adapter
1.  Connect the computer to a power outlet and turn on the computer.
2.  Start the Vantage app, and then click Hardware Settings ➙ Power. The ac power adapter information 
is displayed.
Ensure that you use the ac power adapter that is shipped with the computer to provide enough power to the 
computer. Otherwise, a message will be displayed, prompting you that the computer will not be charged or 
will be charged slowly.
Checking the built-in battery and operational charging
This system supports only batteries specially designed for this specific system and manufactured by Lenovo 
or an authorized manufacturer. The system does not support unauthorized batteries or batteries designed for 
other systems. If an unauthorized battery or a battery designed for another systems is installed, the system 
will not charge.
Attention: Lenovo has no responsibility for the performance or safety of unauthorized batteries, and 
provides no warranties for failures or damage arising out of their use.
Move your pointer to the battery-status icon in the Windows notification area to check the battery status. The 
battery-status icon displays the percentage of battery power remaining and how long you can use your 
computer before you must charge the battery.
To check whether the battery charges properly during operation, do the following: 
1.  Discharge the battery to 50% or lower.
2.  Connect the computer to ac power to charge the battery. If the battery status icon in the Windows 
notification area indicates that the battery is not charging, remove the battery and let it return to room 
temperature.
3.  Reinstall the battery. If the battery is still not charging, replace the battery.
4.  Check the battery status icon again. If the same error still exists, replace the system board.
Checking the coin-cell battery
Do the following: 
1.  Power off the computer, and unplug the ac power adapter from it.
2.  Turn the computer upside down.
3.  Remove the built-in battery (see “Disabling the built-in battery” on page 61).
4.  Remove the coin-cell battery (see “1100 Coin-cell battery” on page 75).
5.  Measure the voltage of the battery. See the following figure.
Chapter 3. General checkout 25

--- Page 32 ---
Wire
Voltage (V dc)
Red +2.5 to +3.2
Black
Ground
•  If the voltage is correct, replace the system board.
•  If the voltage is not correct, replace the coin-cell battery.
•  If the coin-cell battery discharges quickly after replacement, replace the system board.
26
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 33 ---
Chapter 4. Related service information
This chapter presents following information:  
•  “Reset or restore Windows” on page 27
•  “Passwords” on page 27
•  “Power management” on page 30
•  “Symptom-to-FRU index” on page 31
Service Web site: 
When the latest maintenance diskette and the system program service diskette become available, they will 
be posted on:  
https://support.lenovo.com
Reset or restore Windows
To reset or restore Windows, refer to the information below： 
•  Use Lenovo recovery options.
1.  Go to 
https://support.lenovo.com/HowToCreateLenovoRecovery.
2.  Follow the on-screen instructions.
•  Use Window recovery options.
1.  Go to 
https://pcsupport.lenovo.com.
2.  Detect your computer or manually select your computer model.
3.  Click Diagnostics ➙ Operating system Diagnostics and then follow the on-screen instructions.
Passwords
You can set a power-on password, supervisor password, system management password, or NVMe 
password in UEFI BIOS to prevent unauthorized access to your computer.
If any of these passwords has been set, a prompt for it will be displayed on the screen whenever the 
computer is turned on. The computer does not start until the password is entered.
Note: If only a supervisor password is set, the password prompt will not be displayed when the operating 
system is started.
Power-on password
A power-on password protects the system from being turned on by an unauthorized person. The password 
must be entered before the operating system can be started. For instructions on how to remove the power- 
on password, see “How to remove the power-on password” on page 29.
NVMe passwords
The NVMe password prevents unauthorized access to the data on the storage drive. When an NVMe 
password is set, you are prompted to type a correct password each time you try to access the storage drive. 
•  Single Password
When a Single NVMe password is set, the user must enter the user NVMe password to access files and 
applications on the storage drive.
•  Dual Password (User + Admin)
© Copyright Lenovo 2023 27

--- Page 34 ---
The admin NVMe password is set and used by a system administrator. It enables the administrator to 
access any storage drive in a system or any computer connected in the same network. The administrator 
can also assign a user NVMe password for each computer in the network. The user of the computer can 
change the user NVMe password as desired, but only the administrator can remove the user NVMe 
password.
When prompted to enter an NVMe password, press F1 to switch between the admin NVMe password and 
user NVMe password.
Notes: The NVMe password is not available in the following situations: 
•  A Trusted Computing Group (TCG) Opal-compliant storage drive and a TCG Opal management software 
program are installed in the computer, and the TCG Opal management software program is activated.
•  For Intel models, when an eDrive storage drive is installed in the computer preinstalled with the Windows 
10 operating system.
Supervisor password
The supervisor password protects the system information stored in UEFI BIOS. It provides the following 
security features: 
•  If only a supervisor password is set, a password prompt is displayed when you try to enter the UEFI BIOS 
menu. Unauthorized users cannot change most of the system configuration options in the UEFI BIOS 
menu without the password.
•  The system administrator can use the supervisor password to access a computer even if the user of that 
computer has set a power-on password. The supervisor password overrides the power-on password.
•  The system administrator can set the same supervisor password on many ThinkPad notebook computers 
to make administration easier. 
Attention: If the supervisor password has been forgotten and cannot be made available to the service 
technician, there is no service procedure to reset the password. The system board must be replaced for a 
scheduled fee.
System management password
The system management password can also protect the system information stored in UEFI BIOS like a 
supervisor password, but it has lower authority by default. The system management password can be set 
through the UEFI BIOS menu or through Windows Management Instrumentation (WMI) with the Lenovo 
client-management interface.
You can enable the system management password to have the same authority as the supervisor password 
to control security related features. To customize the authority of the system management password through 
the UEFI BIOS menu: 
1.  Enter the UEFI BIOS menu.
Note: When you are prompted, enter the correct supervisor password if a supervisor password has 
been set, or enter the correct system management password if no supervisor password has been set. 
Otherwise, you cannot change the configurations in the following steps.
2.  Select Security ➙ Password ➙ System Management Password Access Control.
3.  Follow the on-screen instructions.
If you have set both the supervisor password and the system management password, the supervisor 
password overrides the system management password. If you have set both the system management 
28
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 35 ---
password and the power-on password, the system management password overrides the power-on 
password.
How to remove the power-on password
To remove the power-on password, do one of the following:
If no supervisor password has been set, do the following to remove the power-on password:
1.  Turn off the computer.
2.  Remove the battery. For instructions on how to remove the battery, see “1020 Built-in battery” on page 
65.
3.  Remove the coin-cell battery. For instructions on how to remove the coin-cell battery, see “1100 Coin- 
cell battery” on page 75.
4.  Turn on the computer and wait until the POST ends. After the POST ends, the password prompt will not 
be displayed. The power-on password has been removed.
5.  Reinstall the coin-cell battery and the battery.
If a supervisor password has been set and is known to the service technician, do the following to remove the 
power-on password:
1.  Turn on the computer.
2.  When the ThinkPad logo is displayed, immediately press F1.
3.  Type the supervisor password to enter the UEFI BIOS menu.
4.  Select Security.
5.  Select Password.
6.  Select Power-On Password.
7.  Type the current supervisor password in the Enter Current Password field. Then, leave the Enter New 
Password field blank, and press Enter twice.
8.  In the Changes have been saved window, press Enter.
9.  Press F10 to save changes and exit.
How to remove the NVMe password
If you forget your NVMe password (Single password) or both user and admin NVMe passwords (Dual 
password), Lenovo cannot reset your passwords or recover data from the storage drive. You can contact a 
Lenovo authorized service provider to have the storage drive replaced. A fee will be charged for parts and 
service. If the storage drive is a CRU (Customer Replaceable Unit), you can also contact Lenovo to purchase 
a new storage drive to replace the old one by yourself. To check whether the storage drive is a CRU and the 
relevant replacement procedure, see “Major FRUs and CRUs” on page 47.
How to remove the system management password
To remove a system management password, do the following:
If no supervisor password has been set, do the following to remove the system management password:
1.  Turn off the computer and disconnect ac power.
2.  Disable the built-in battery. See “Disabling the built-in battery” on page 61.
3.  Remove the base cover assembly. See “1010 Base cover assembly” on page 62.
4.  Remove the built-in battery. See “1020 Built-in battery” on page 65.
5.  Remove the coin-cell battery. See “1100 Coin-cell battery” on page 75.
6.  Reinstall the coin-cell battery.
Chapter 4. Related service information 29

--- Page 36 ---
7.  Reinstall the built-in battery.
8.  Reinstall the base cover assembly.
9.  Reconnect ac power.
10.  Turn on the computer and wait until the POST ends. After the POST ends, the password prompt does 
not appear. The system management password has been removed.
If a supervisor password has been set and is known to the service technician, do the following to remove the 
system management password:
1.  Turn on the computer.
2.  When the ThinkPad logo is displayed, immediately press F1.
3.  Type the supervisor password to enter the ThinkPad Setup program.
4.  Select Security.
5.  Select Password.
6.  Select System Management Password.
7.  Type the current supervisor password in the Enter Current Password field. Then leave the Enter New 
Password field blank, and press Enter twice.
8.  In the Changes have been saved window, press Enter.
9.  Press F10 to save changes and exit the ThinkPad Setup program. The system management password 
has been removed.
Power management
To reduce power consumption, the computer has two power management modes: sleep and hibernation.
Sleep mode
When the computer enters sleep mode, the screen goes blank and all internal devices are still powered on 
with lower power consumption.
To enter sleep mode, press Fn+4 or open the Start menu.
In certain circumstances, the computer goes into sleep mode automatically:
•  After a period of inactivity specified in power plan settings
•  When the battery power is low
To resume the computer from sleep mode, press the power button.
Also, in either of the following events, the computer automatically returns from sleep mode and resumes 
operation:
•  The ring indicator (RI) is signaled by a serial device or a PC Card device.
•  The time set on the resume timer elapses.  
Note: The computer does not accept any input immediately after it enters sleep mode. Wait a few 
seconds before taking any action to reenter operation mode.
Hibernation mode
In hibernation mode, the following occurs:
•  The system status, RAM, VRAM, and setup data are stored on the solid-state drive.
30
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 37 ---
•  The system is powered off.
Note: If the computer enters the hibernation mode while it is connected to the dock, do not disconnect it 
before resuming normal operation. If you do disconnect it and then try to resume normal operation, you will 
get an error message, and you will have to restart the system.
If you have defined one of the following actions as the event that causes the system to go into hibernation 
mode, perform that action. 
•  Closing the lid.
•  Pressing the power button.
Also, the computer goes into hibernation mode automatically after a period of inactivity specified in power 
plan settings.
When the power is turned on, the computer returns from hibernation mode and resumes operation. The 
hibernation file in the boot record on the solid-state drive is read, and system status is restored from the 
solid-state drive.
Symptom-to-FRU index
This section contains following information:  
•  “Numeric error codes” on page 32
•  “Error messages” on page 33
•  “Beep errors” on page 33
•  “No-beep symptoms” on page 35
•  “LCD-related symptoms” on page 36
•  “Intermittent problems” on page 37
•  “Undetermined problems” on page 37
The symptom-to-FRU index in this section lists symptoms and errors and their possible causes. The most 
likely cause is listed first, in boldface type.
Note: Do the FRU replacement or other actions in the sequence shown in the column headed “FRU or 
action, in sequence.” If replacing a FRU does not solve the problem, put the original part back in the 
computer. Do not replace a nondefective FRU.
This index can also help you determine, during regular servicing, what FRUs are likely to need to be replaced 
next.
A numeric error is displayed for each error detected in POST or system operation. In the displays, n can be 
any number.
If no numeric code is displayed, check the narrative descriptions of symptoms. If the symptom is not 
described there, go to “Intermittent problems” on page 37. 
Note: For a device not supported by diagnostic codes in the ThinkPad notebook computers, see the manual 
for that device.
Chapter 4. Related service information 31

--- Page 38 ---
Numeric error codes
Symptom or error
FRU or action, in sequence
0177 
Bad SVP data, stop POST task—The checksum of the 
supervisor password in the EEPROM is not correct.
Replace the system board.
0183 
Bad CRC of Security Settings in EFI Variable. Enter the 
ThinkPad Setup program. – The checksum of the Security 
settings in the EFI Variable is not correct.
1.  Run the ThinkPad Setup program. The settings 
will be corrected automatically. Then save the 
current settings by pressing F10.
2.  Replace the system board.
0187 
EEAIA data access error - The access to EEPROM is 
failed.
Replace the system board.
0188 
Invalid RFID Serialization Information Area.
Replace the system board.
0189 
Invalid RFID configuration information area - The 
EEPROM checksum is not correct.
Replace the system board.
0190 
Critical low-battery error
1.  Charge the battery.
2.  Replace the battery.
0191 
System Security - Invalid Remote Change requested.
1.  Run the ThinkPad Setup program, and then save 
current setting by pressing F10.
2.  Replace the system board.
0199 
System Security - Security password retry count 
exceeded.
1.  Run the ThinkPad Setup program. The retry count 
will be reset. Then save the current settings by 
pressing F10.
2.  Replace the system board.
0270 
Real Time Clock Error.
Have the computer serviced.
0271 
Check Date and Time settings.
1.  Run ThinkPad Setup to reset the time and date.
2.  Replace the coin-cell battery and run the ThinkPad 
Setup program to reset the time and date.
1802 
Unauthorized network card is plugged in - Turn off and 
remove the network card.
1.  Remove the network card.
2.  Replace the system board.
1820 
More than one external fingerprint reader is attached. 
Power off and remove all but the reader that you set up 
within your main operating system.
Remove all but the reader that you set up for the 
authentication.
2100 
Detection error on Main HDD (SSD0) or Detection error on 
Main HDD (HDD0)
1.  Reseat the M.2 solid-state drive.
2.  Replace the M.2 solid-state drive.
3.  Replace the system board.
2110 
Read error on Main HDD (SSD0) or Read error on Main 
HDD (HDD0)
1.  Reseat the M.2 solid-state drive.
2.  Replace the M.2 solid-state drive.
3.  Replace the system board.
2200 
Machine Type and Serial Number are invalid.
Have the computer serviced.
2201 
Machine UUID is invalid
Replace the system board.
32 ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 39 ---
Symptom or error FRU or action, in sequence
2202 
Product Name is invalid.
Have the computer serviced.
2203 
System configuration is invalid.
Have the computer serviced.
2204 
System configuration data is invalid.
Have the computer serviced.
Error messages
Table 2.  Error messages
Symptom or error
FRU or action, in sequence
Fan error. 
(two short beeps)
1.  Replace the fan.
2.  Apply thermal grease.
3.  Replace the system board.
Thermal sensing error. Replace the system board.
The battery installed is not supported by this system and 
will not charge.  
Please replace the battery with the correct Lenovo battery 
for this system.  
Press the Esc key to continue.
Replace the battery.
This system does not support batteries that are not 
genuine Lenovo-made or authorized. The system will 
continue to boot, but may not charge unauthorized 
batteries. Press the Esc key to continue.
Attention: Lenovo has no responsibility for the 
performance or safety of unauthorized batteries, and 
provides no warranties for failures or damage arising out 
of their use.
Replace the battery.
Beep errors
Lenovo SmartBeep technology enables you to decode beep errors with your smartphone when a black 
screen occurs with beeps from your computer. To decode the beep error with Lenovo SmartBeep 
technology, do the following: 
1.  Go to 
https://support.lenovo.com/smartbeep or scan the following QR Code. 
2.  Download the proper diagnostic app and install it on your smartphone.
3.  Run the diagnostic app and place the smartphone near the computer. 
Chapter 4. Related service information 33

--- Page 40 ---
4.  Press the Fn key on your computer to emit the beep again. The diagnostic app decodes the beep error 
and shows possible solutions on the smartphone. 
The following section describes some beep errors and the corresponding solutions.  
Note: Do not attempt to service a product yourself unless instructed to do so by the Customer Support 
Center or product documentation. Only use a Lenovo-authorized service provider to repair your product. 
Error codes
Solutions
0001: Reset error (platform reset not de-asserted)
1.  Remove the ac power adapter and the removable 
battery if your computer has one. Then, reset the 
computer by doing one of the following: 
•  For models with the emergency-reset hole, 
insert a straightened paper clip into the 
emergency-reset hole. Wait for one minute. 
Then, reconnect all power resources and restart 
the computer.
•  For models without the emergency-reset hole, 
press and hold the power button for about 
seven seconds. Then, reconnect to all power 
resources and restart the computer.
2.  If step 1 does not work, replace the system board 
(service provider only).
0002: Internal bus error
Replace the system board (service provider only).
0281: General embedded controller error Replace the system board (service provider only).
0282: Memory module error
1.  Reinstall or replace the memory module.
2.  If step 1 does not work, replace the system board 
(service provider only).
0283: PCI resource error
1.  Remove PCIe devices (the M.2 card, PCIe card, 
and so on) (service provider only).
2.  If step 1 does not work, replace the system board 
(service provider only).
0284: TCG-compliant functionality-related error (might be 
the BIOS code validation failure)
Replace the system board (service provider only).
0285: TCG-compliant functionality-related error (might be 
the TPM initialization failure)
Replace the system board (service provider only).
0286: Integrated graphics error Replace the system board (service provider only).
34 ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 41 ---
Error codes Solutions
0287: Discrete graphics error
1.  Reinstall or replace the discrete graphics card 
(service provider only).
2.  If step 1 does not work, replace the system board 
(service provider only).
0288: Computer display error
1.  Reconnect the display cable on both the system 
board side and the computer display side (service 
provider only) and check the LCD panel.
2.  If step 1 does not work, connect an external 
display to your computer and check the status 
(customer or service provider). 
•  If the external display works, replace the LCD 
panel (service provider only).
•  If the external display does not work, replace 
the system board (service provider only).
No-beep symptoms
Table 3.  No-beep symptoms
Symptom or error
FRU or action, in sequence
No beep, power-on indicator on, LCD blank, and no 
POST.
1.  Run LCD Self Test.
2.  Ensure that every connector is connected tightly and 
correctly.
3.  Reseat memory module.
4.  Replace the system board.
No beep, power-on indicator on, and LCD blank during 
POST.
1.  Run LCD Self Test.
2.  Reseat memory module.
3.  Replace the system board.
The power-on password prompt appears. A power-on password or a supervisor password is set. 
Type the password and press Enter.
No beep, power-on indicator on, LCD blank, and LED 
indicators on Esc, F1 and F4 blink sequentially during 
POST.
UEFI BIOS is performing memory retraining. The memory 
retraining might occur if any of the following situations is 
detected: 
•  Memory module replacement
•  Total Memory Encryption setting change in UEFI BIOS
•  Memory Reference Code [MRC] change when UEFI 
BIOS updates
Do not press the power button to interrupt this process. 
Wait a few minutes until the logo screen is displayed.
Chapter 4. Related service information 35

--- Page 42 ---
Table 3. No-beep symptoms (continued)
Symptom or error
FRU or action, in sequence
No beep, power-on indicator on, LCD blank, and LED 
indicators on Esc, F1 and F4 blink during POST.
UEFI BIOS is self-recovering. If the UEFI BIOS is 
corrupted or maliciously attacked, it can self-recover and 
restore computer from the last uncorrupted and secure 
backup.
The blinking LED indicators on keys indicate the self- 
recovery progress:  
•  LED indicator on Esc blinks: 0% to 32%
•  LED indicators on Esc and F1 blink simultaneously: 
33% to 65%
•  LED indicators on Esc, F1 and F4 blink simultaneously: 
66% to 100%
Do not press the power button to interrupt this progress. 
Wait a few minutes until the logo screen is displayed.
The NVMe password prompt appears. An NVMe password is set. Type the password and press 
Enter.
LCD-related symptoms
Important: The TFT LCD for the notebook computer contains many thin-film transistors (TFTs). The 
presence of a small number of dots that are missing, discolored, or always lighted is characteristic of TFT 
LCD technology, but excessive pixel problems can cause viewing concerns.
If the LCD you are servicing has two or less visible defective pixels, it should not be considered faulty. 
However, if the LCD has three or more visible defective pixels, it will be deemed as defective by Lenovo and 
it should be replaced.
Notes: 
•  This policy applies to all ThinkPad Notebooks purchased on 1 January, 2008 or later.
•  Lenovo will not provide warranty replacement if the LCD is within specifications because we cannot 
guarantee that any replacement LCD will have zero pixel defects.
•  One pixel consists of R, G, B sub-pixels.
LCD Self Test
When you turn on the computer and the LCD goes black, run LCD Self Test to help you determine whether 
the LCD functions normally.
To run LCD Self Test: 
1.  Ensure that the computer is connected to ac power. Then, press the power button for about seven 
seconds to turn off the computer.
2.  Press Fn, left Ctrl, and the power button at the same time. If the computer displays five solid colors in 
sequence across the entire screen, it indicates that the LCD functions normally.
3.  The test lasts for about 20 seconds and then exits automatically. You also can press the power button to 
exit the test.
36
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 43 ---
Table 4.  LCD-related symptoms
Symptom or error
FRU or action, in sequence
No beep, power-on indicator on, and a blank LCD during 
POST.
1.  Run LCD Self Test.
2.  Replace the system board.
•  LCD backlight not working.
•  LCD too dark.
•  LCD brightness cannot be adjusted.
•  LCD contrast cannot be adjusted.
1.  Reseat the LCD connectors.
2.  Replace the LCD assembly.
3.  Replace the system board.
•  LCD screen unreadable.
•  Characters missing pixels.
•  Screen abnormal.
•  Wrong color displayed.
1.  See important note for “LCD-related symptoms”.
2.  Reseat all LCD connectors.
3.  Replace the LCD assembly.
4.  Replace the system board.
Horizontal or vertical lines displayed on LCD. Replace the LCD assembly.
Intermittent problems
Intermittent system hang problems might happen due to a variety of causes that have nothing to do with a 
hardware defect, such as cosmic radiation, ESD, or software errors. FRU replacement should be considered 
only when a problem recurs.
When analyzing an intermittent problem, do the following: 
1.  Run the diagnostic test for the system board in loop mode at least 10 times.
2.  If no error is detected, do not replace any FRUs.
3.  If any error is detected, replace the FRU shown by the FRU code. Rerun the test to verify that no more 
errors exist.
Undetermined problems
If the diagnostic tests did not identify the device that has failed, if wrong devices are installed, or if the 
system simply is not operating, follow these procedures to isolate the failing FRU (do not isolate FRUs that 
have no defects).
Verify that all attached devices are supported by the computer.
Verify that the power supply being used at the time of the failure is operating correctly. See “Power system 
checkout” on page 24.
1.  Turn off the computer.
2.  Visually check each FRU for damage. Replace any damaged FRU.
3.  Remove or disconnect all of the following devices: 
a.  Non-ThinkPad devices
b.  Devices attached to the dock
c.  Printer, mouse, and other external devices
d.  Battery
e.  Solid-state drive
f.  External diskette drive or optical drive
g.  Memory module
h.  PC cards
4.  Turn on the computer.
5.  Determine whether the problem has been solved.
6.  If the problem does not recur, reconnect the removed devices one at a time until you find the failing FRU.
7.  If the problem remains, replace the following FRUs one at a time (do not replace a nondefective FRU): 
a.  System board
b.  LCD assembly
Chapter 4. Related service information 37

--- Page 44 ---
38 ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 45 ---
Chapter 5. Special keys
Key / Key combination
Function
+ 
Invoke the special function printed as an icon on each key or standard function of 
F1–F12 function keys.
FnLock indicator on: standard function
FnLock indicator off: special function
Enable / disable speakers
Decrease volume
Increase volume
Enable / disable microphones
Darken display
Brighten display
Manage external displays
Enable / disable airplane mode
Open / collapse notification center
Answer incoming calls on Microsoft Teams
®
Decline incoming calls on Microsoft Teams
Customize the function of this key on the Vantage app
+ 
Open Magnifier
+ 
Open calculator (for ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 only)
+ 
Enter sleep mode (for ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 only)
+ 
Open Snipping Tool
© Copyright Lenovo 2023 39

--- Page 46 ---
Key / Key combination
Function
+ 
Toggle keyboard backlight (for selected models)
+ 
Break operation
+ 
Pause operation
+ 
Scroll contents
+ 
Send system request
+ 
Enter sleep mode
To wake up the computer, press any of the keys.
+ 
Go to beginning
+ 
Go to end
40 ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 47 ---
Chapter 6. Locations
Locating computer controls and connectors
Front view
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5
Item
Description
Item
Description
Infrared camera / Camera
Webcam privacy shutter
Microphones
Touch screen
© Copyright Lenovo 2023 41

--- Page 48 ---
Item
Description
Item
Description
Power button with fingerprint reader TrackPoint
® 
pointing stick
Trackpad
TrackPoint buttons
* for selected models
42
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 49 ---
ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 
Infrared camera / Camera
Webcam privacy shutter 
Microphones
Touch screen
Power button with fingerprint reader TrackPoint pointing stick
Trackpad
TrackPoint buttons
* for selected models
Side view
Intel models 
Chapter 6. Locations 43

--- Page 50 ---
Item
Description
Item
Description
USB-C
® 
power connector USB-C (Thunderbolt™ 4) connector
Always On USB-A 3.2 Gen 1 connector 
HDMI™ connector
Audio connector
Speakers
Security-lock slot
Ethernet connector 
USB-A 2.0 connector 
* for selected models
44
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 51 ---
AMD models 
Item
Description
Item
Description
USB-C power connector USB-C (3.2 Gen 2) connector
Always On USB-A 3.2 Gen 1 connector 
HDMI connector
Audio connector
Speakers
Security-lock slot
Ethernet connector 
USB-A 3.2 Gen 1 connector 
* for selected models
Chapter 6. Locations 45

--- Page 52 ---
Locating FRUs and CRUs
This topic introduces the following service parts:
•  “Major FRUs and CRUs” on page 47
•  “LCD FRUs and CRUs” on page 51
•  “Miscellaneous parts” on page 53
•  “Connector and cable guide” on page 53
Notes: 
•  Each FRU is available for all types or models, unless otherwise specified.
•  CRU statement for customers: 
You can resolve some problems with your product with a replacement part you can install yourself, called 
a “Customer Replaceable Unit” or “CRU.” Some CRUs are designated as self-service CRUs and others 
are designated as optional-service CRUs. Installation of self-service CRUs is your responsibility. For 
optional-service CRUs, you can either install the CRU yourself or you can request that a Service Provider 
install the CRU according to the warranty service for your product. If you intend on installing the CRU, 
Lenovo will ship the CRU to you. CRU information and replacement instructions are shipped with your 
product and are available from Lenovo at any time upon request. You can find a list of CRUs for your 
product in this Hardware Maintenance Manual. An electronic version of this manual can be found at 
https://support.lenovo.com. Click Documentation and then follow the on-screen instructions to find the 
manual for your product. You might be required to return the defective CRU. When return is required: (1) 
return instructions, a prepaid shipping label, and a container will be included with the replacement CRU; 
and (2) you might be charged for the replacement CRU if Lenovo does not receive the defective CRU 
within thirty (30) days of your receipt of the replacement CRU. See your Lenovo Limited Warranty 
documentation for full details.
•  Your computer contains the following types of CRUs and FRUs:  
–  Self-service CRUs: Refer to parts that can be replaced easily by customer themselves or by trained 
service technicians at an additional cost.
–  Optional-service CRUs: Refer to parts that can be replaced by customers with a greater skill level. 
Trained service technicians can also provide service to replace the parts under the type of warranty 
designated for the customer’s machine.
–  FRUs: Refer to parts that must be replaced only by trained service technicians. If customers choose to 
replace the FRUs by themselves, the product warranty might be affected.
46
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 53 ---
Major FRUs and CRUs
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5
d
Chapter 6. Locations 47

--- Page 54 ---
Table 5.  Major FRUs and CRUs
No.  FRU description
Self-service 
CRU
Optional-service 
CRU
1
LCD unit
No No
2
Keyboard assembly No No
3
Power button* No No
4
Power button with fingerprint reader* No No
5
Memory module bracket Yes No
6
Memory module* Yes No
7
System board
No No
8
Wireless LAN card No No
9
M.2 2242 solid-state drive* Yes No
10
M.2 2280 solid-state drive* Yes No
11
I/O board
No No
12
I/O board cable
No No
13
Base cover assembly Yes No
14
Coin-cell battery No No
15
Built-in battery No No
16
Speaker assembly
No No
17
Thermal fan (for UMA models)
No No
18
Heatsink (for UMA models)
No No
19
Thermal fan assembly (for DIS models) No No
20
Trackpad cable No No
21
Trackpad No No
a
Lenovo factory recovery USB key* No No
b
Power cord* Yes No
c
ac power adapter* Yes No
d Miscellaneous parts kits (see “Miscellaneous parts” on page 53)
No No
* for selected models
Notes: 
•  Depending on the computer model, your computer might look different from the illustration above.
•  The Lenovo factory recovery USB key 
a  is used to restore the Microsoft Windows operating system. It 
might not come with the computer, and a user might order it from 
https://pcsupport.lenovo.com/ 
lenovorecovery
, though additional shipping and handling fees might apply.
48
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 55 ---
ThinkPad E16 Gen 1
d
Chapter 6. Locations 49

--- Page 56 ---
Table 6.  Major FRUs and CRUs
No.  FRU description
Self-service 
CRU
Optional-service 
CRU
1
LCD unit
No No
2
Keyboard assembly No No
3
Power button* No No
4
Power button with fingerprint reader* No No
5
Memory module bracket Yes No
6
Memory module* Yes No
7
System board
No No
8
Wireless LAN card No No
9
M.2 2242 solid-state drive* Yes No
10
M.2 2280 solid-state drive* Yes No
11
I/O board
No No
12
I/O board cable
No No
13
Base cover assembly Yes No
14
Coin-cell battery No No
15
Built-in battery No No
16
Speaker assembly
Yes No
17
Thermal Fan (for UMA models)
No No
18
Heatsink (for UMA models)
No No
19
Thermal fan assembly (for DIS models) No No
20
Trackpad cable No No
21
Trackpad No No
a
Lenovo factory recovery USB key* No No
b
Power cord* Yes No
c
ac power adapter* Yes No
d Miscellaneous parts kits (see “Miscellaneous parts” on page 53)
No No
* for selected models
50
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 57 ---
Notes: 
•  Depending on the computer model, your computer might look different from the illustration above.
•  The Lenovo factory recovery USB key 
a  is used to restore the Microsoft Windows operating system. It 
might not come with the computer, and a user might order it from 
https://pcsupport.lenovo.com/ 
lenovorecovery
, though additional shipping and handling fees might apply.
LCD FRUs and CRUs
Chapter 6. Locations 51

--- Page 58 ---
Table 7.  LCD FRUs and CRUs
No.  FRU description Self-service 
CRU
Optional-service 
CRU
1
LCD bezel assembly
No No
2
LCD panel No No
3
Elastic adhesive tapes No No
4
Wireless LAN antenna assembly No No
5
Microphone rubbers No No
6
Camera Module No No
7
LCD cover assembly
No No
8
eDP cable No No
9
Hinge kit No No
* for selected models
Note: Depending on the computer model, your computer might look different from the illustration above.
52
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 59 ---
Miscellaneous parts
Table 8.  Miscellaneous part
FRU descriptions Self-service 
CRU 
Optional-service 
CRU
Screw kit 
•  For ThinkPad E14 Gen 5:
–  M2.5 x L4, silver (7)
–  M2 x L5, black (3)
–  M2.5 x L6, black (4)
–  M2 x L2, black (7)
–  M2 x L1.7, silver (7)
–  M2 x L6.9, black and silver (5)
–  M2 x L4, black and silver (2)
–  Spec
•  For ThinkPad E16 Gen 1:
–  M2.5 x L4, silver (7)
–  M2 x L5, black (3)
–  M2.5 x L6, black(6)
–  M2 x L2, black (9)
–  M2 x L1.7, white (7)
–  M2 x L6.9, black (5)
–  M2 x L4, black (2)
–  Spec
No No
Mechanical miscellaneous kit 
•  Adhesive tape
•  Battery conductive tape
•  Spec
No No
Label kit: 
•  GEO Label
•  Spec
No No
Connector and cable guide
This topic provides information to help Lenovo authorized service technicians identify connectors and cables 
for replacement purpose. To view each FRU and the exploded illustration of the computer, see “Major FRUs 
and CRUs” on page 47 and “LCD FRUs and CRUs” on page 51.
Note: Depending on your computer model, some connectors or cables might not be available.
Chapter 6. Locations 53

--- Page 60 ---
System board connectors and cables (for selected models)
Table 9.  System board connector and cable guide
No. 
Connector/feature
Internal cable required
Cable connection
1
Touch panel connector (internal) eDP cable Connect one end to the LCD 
connector and the other end to this 
connector.
2
LCD connector (internal) LCD cable Connect one end to the LCD panel 
and the other end to this 
connector.
3
M.2 solid-state drive connector 
(internal)
No
Connect the M.2 solid-state drives 
to this connector.
4
USB-C connector (USB 3.2 Gen 2) 
(external)
No
Connect a USB-C compatible 
device to this connector.
5
Intel models: USB-C (Thunderbolt 
4) connector (external) 
AMD models: USB-C (3.2 Gen 2) 
connector (external)
No
Connect a USB-C compatible or 
Thunderbolt 4 compatible device 
to this connector.
6
Always On USB 3.2 Gen 1 
connector (external)
No
Connect USB-compatible devices 
to this connector.
54 ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 61 ---
Table 9. System board connector and cable guide (continued)
No. 
Connector/feature
Internal cable required
Cable connection
7
HDMI connector (external) No Connect a HDMI cable to this 
connector.
8
Audio connector (external) No Connect headphones or a headset 
with 3.5-mm (0.14-inch) 4-pole 
plug to this connector.
9
Coin-cell battery connector 
(internal)
Coin-cell battery cable The coin-cell battery comes with 
cable. Connect the cable to this 
connector.
10
Speaker assembly connector 
(internal)
Speaker assembly cable
The speaker assembly comes with 
cable. Connect the cable to this 
connector.
11
Built-in battery connector (internal)
Built-in battery cable The built-in battery cable comes 
with the cable. Connect the cable 
to this connector.
12
Memory module slot (internal)
No Insert the memory module into this 
slot.
13
Trackpad connector (internal)
Trackpad cable
Connect one end to the trackpad 
and the other end to this 
connector.
14
I/O card cable connector (internal) I/O card cable Connect the I/O card cable to this 
connector.
15
TrackPoint connector (internal)
TrackPoint cable The keyboard assembly comes 
with the TrackPoint cable. Connect 
one end of the cable to this 
connector.
16
M.2 solid-state drive connector 
(internal)
No
Connect the M.2 solid-state drives 
to this connector.
17
Thermal fan connector (internal) Thermal fan cable The thermal fan aseembly comes 
with cable. Connect the cable to 
this connector.
18
Wireless LAN card slot (internal)
No Insert the wireless LAN card into 
this slot.
19
Keyboard connectors (internal) Keyboard assembly cable The keyboard assembly comes 
with the keyboard assembly cable. 
Connect one end of the cable to 
this connector.
I/O board connectors 
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 
Chapter 6. Locations 55

--- Page 62 ---
Table 10.  I/O board
Item
Connector (location)
Internal cable required
Cable connection
1
Fingerprint reader 
connector (internal)
Fingerprint reader cable
Connect the fingerprint reader cable to this 
connector.
2
I/O card cable 
connector (internal)
I/O card cable Connect the I/O card cable to this connector.
ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 
Table 11.  I/O board
Item
Connector (location)
Internal cable required
Cable connection
1
Fingerprint reader 
connector (internal)
Fingerprint reader cable
Connect the fingerprint reader cable to this 
connector.
2
I/O card cable 
connector (internal)
I/O card cable Connect the I/O card cable to this connector.
Looking up FRU information
For detailed FRU information, including part numbers, descriptions, and substitution part numbers, go to: 
https://support.lenovo.com/partslookup
56 ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 63 ---
Chapter 7. FRU replacement notices
Read this chapter carefully before replacing any FRU.
Service tool kit
Ensure that the following service tool kit is prepared before you service a notebook computer. 
No. Tool name Tool type
1 Phillips-head screwdriver Common tool
2
Conductive tweezers Common tool
3 Pry tool Common tool
4
Silicone grease Consumable tool
5
Polyamide tape Consumable tool
6 Mylar tape
Consumable tool
7 Eraser
Consumable tool
8 Electrical tape
Consumable tool
9 Double-sided tape
Consumable tool
10
Conductive tape Consumable tool
11
Trackpad jig (this might come with trackpad) Consumable tool
Note: The silicone grease can be applied to the surfaces of the microprocessor and heatsink to eliminate air 
gaps.
Screw notices
Loose screws can cause a reliability problem. In your computer, this problem is addressed with special 
nylon-coated screws that have the following characteristics: 
•  They maintain tight connections.
•  They do not easily come loose, even with shock or vibration.
•  They are harder to tighten.
Do the following when you service the computer: 
•  Keep the screw kit in your tool bag. For the part number of the screw kit, go to: 
https://support.lenovo.com/partslookup
Tighten screws as follows:
•  Plastic to plastic
Turn an additional angle of 90 degrees after the screw head touches the surface of the plastic part. 
© Copyright Lenovo 2023 57

--- Page 64 ---
•  Logic card to plastic
Turn an additional angle of 180 degrees after the screw head touches the surface of the logic card. 
Notes: 
•  Ensure that you use the correct screw. It is recommended to use new screws for replacements. If you 
have a torque screwdriver, tighten all screws firmly to the torque specified in the screw information table 
for each step.
•  Ensure torque screwdrivers are calibrated correctly following country specifications.
Retaining serial numbers
This topic provides instructions on the following:  
•  “Restoring the serial number of the system unit” on page 58
•  “Retaining the UUID” on page 59
Restoring the serial number of the system unit
When the computer was manufactured, the EEPROM on the system board was loaded with the serial 
numbers of the system and all major components. These numbers need to remain the same throughout the 
life of the computer.
If you replace the system board, you must restore the serial number of the system unit to its original value.
The serial number of the system unit is written on the label attached to the bottom of the computer.
If you cannot find the serial number of the system unit on the bottom of the computer, try the following 
method to get the number:
Note: For Intel models, before you perform the operation, ensure that the UEFI/Legacy setting within the 
Startup menu in the ThinkPad Setup program is set to UEFI Only.
1.  Connect a USB memory key to the computer.
2.  Go to 
https://www.lenovo.com/maintenanceutilities and follow the instructions on the screen to create a 
Maintenance Key. 
Note: Only an authorized Lenovo service technician can access the above Web site.
3.  Restart the computer.
4.  When the logo is displayed, press Esc. The ThinkPad Config Information Update Utility interface is 
displayed.
58
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 65 ---
5.  Type 1 under Enter the action desired, then press Enter. The ThinkPad Serial Number Update Utility for 
Asset ID screen is displayed.
6.  Type 2 under Enter the action desired, then press Enter. The serial number of each device in your 
computer is displayed; the serial number of the system unit is listed as follows: 
20- Serial number
7.  Record the serial number of the system unit.
After you replace the system board, do the following to restore the serial number of the system unit:
1.  Connect the Maintenance Key to the computer.
2.  When the logo is displayed, press Esc. The ThinkPad Config Information Update Utility interface is 
displayed.
3.  Type 1 under Enter the action desired, then press Enter. The ThinkPad Serial Number Update Utility for 
Asset ID screen is displayed.
4.  Type 1 under Enter the action desired, then press Enter. Then follow the instructions on the screen to 
restore the serial number of the system unit.
Retaining the UUID
The Universally Unique Identifier (UUID) is a 128-bit number uniquely assigned to your computer at 
production and stored in the EEPROM of your system board. 
The algorithm that generates the number is designed to provide unique IDs until the year A.D. 3400. No two 
computers in the world have the same number.
When you replace the system board, perform the following steps to create a new UUID for the system board 
if the system board does not have a UUID: 
Note: For Intel models, before you perform the operation, ensure that the UEFI/Legacy setting within the 
Startup menu in the ThinkPad Setup program is set to UEFI Only.
1.  Connect a USB memory key to the computer.
2.  Go to 
https://www.lenovo.com/maintenanceutilities and follow the instructions on the screen to create a 
Maintenance Key. 
Note: Only an authorized Lenovo service technician can access the above Web site.
3.  Restart the computer.
4.  When the logo screen is displayed, press Esc. The ThinkPad Config Information Update Utility interface 
is displayed.
5.  Type 2 under Enter the action desired, then press Enter. The Auto UUID generation utility interface is 
displayed. 
6.  Type y under Change UUID. OK? [Y/N], then press Enter. A new UUID is created and written. If a valid 
UUID already exists, it is not overwritten.
Reading or writing the ECA information
Information on Engineering Change Announcements (ECA) is stored in the EEPROM of the system board. 
The electronic storage of this information simplifies the procedure to check if the ECA has been previously 
applied to a machine. The machine does not need to be disassembled to check for the ECA application.
To check what ECAs have been previously applied to the machine, use the ECA Information Read/Write 
function on the LENOVO ThinkPad Hardware Maintenance Diskette or Maintenance Key.
1.  Insert the latest version of LENOVO ThinkPad Hardware Maintenance Diskette or Maintenance Key, and 
then restart the computer.
2.  From the main menu, select 6. Set ECA Information.
Chapter 7. FRU replacement notices 59

--- Page 66 ---
3.  To read the ECA information, select 2. Read ECA/rework number from EEPROM and follow the 
instructions on the screen. To read the box build date, select 5. Read box build date from EEPROM, 
and follow the instruction on the screen.
After an ECA has been applied to the machine, the EEPROM must be updated to reflect the ECA's 
application. Use the latest version of LENOVO ThinkPad Hardware Maintenance Diskette or Maintenance 
Key to update the EEPROM.
Note: Only the ECA number is stored in the EEPROM. The machine type of the ECA is assumed to be the 
same as the machine type of the machine that had the ECA applied to it.
1.  Insert the latest version of LENOVO ThinkPad Hardware Maintenance Diskette or Maintenance Key, and 
then restart the computer.
2.  From the main menu, select 6. Set ECA Information.
3.  To write the ECA information, select 1. Write ECA/rework number from EEPROM, and follow the 
instructions on the screen. To write the box build date, select 4. Write box build date from EEPROM, 
and follow the instruction on the screen.
If the system board is being replaced, try to read the ECA information from the old system board and transfer 
the information to the new system. If the system board is inoperable, this will not be possible.
60
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 67 ---
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU
This chapter provides instructions on how to remove or replace a FRU.
General guidelines
When removing or replacing a FRU, be sure to observe the following general guidelines:
1.  Do not try to service any computer unless you have been trained and certified. An untrained person runs 
the risk of damaging parts.
2.  Before replacing any FRU, review Chapter 7 “FRU replacement notices” on page 57.
3.  Begin by removing any FRUs that have to be removed before replacing the failing FRU. Any such FRUs 
are listed at the beginning of each FRU replacement section. Remove them in the order in which they are 
listed.
4.  Follow the correct sequence in the steps for removing a FRU, as given in the illustrations by the numbers 
in square callouts.
5.  When turning a screw, turn it in the direction as given by the arrow in the illustration.
6.  When removing a FRU, move it in the direction as given by the arrow in the illustration.
7.  To put the new FRU in place, reverse the removal procedure and follow any notes that pertain to 
replacement.
8.  When replacing a FRU, use the correct screws as shown in the replacement procedures.
DANGER
Before removing any FRU, turn off the computer, unplug all power cords from electrical outlets, 
disable the built-in battery, and then disconnect any interconnecting cables.
Attention: 
•  After replacing a FRU, do not turn on the computer until you have made sure that all screws, springs, and 
other small parts are in place and none are loose inside the computer. Verify this by shaking the computer 
gently and listening for rattling sounds. Metallic parts or metal flakes can cause electrical short circuits.
•  The system board is sensitive to, and can be damaged by ESD. Before touching it, establish personal 
grounding by touching a ground point with one hand or by using an ESD strap.
Before servicing the computer
Carefully read this topic before servicing the computer. 
Disabling the built-in battery
Before replacing any FRU, ensure that you disable Fast Startup first and then disable the built-in battery.
To disable Fast Startup: 
1.  Go to Control Panel and view by Large icons or Small icons.
2.  Click Power Options, and then click Choose what the power buttons do on the left pane.
3.  Click Change settings that are currently unavailable at the top.
4.  If prompted by User Account Control (UAC), click Yes.
© Copyright Lenovo 2023 61

--- Page 68 ---
5.  Clear the Turn on fast startup check box, and then click Save changes.
To disable the built-in battery: 
1.  Restart your computer. When the logo screen is displayed, immediately press F1 to enter the UEFI BIOS 
menu.
2.  Select Config ➙ Power. The Power submenu is displayed.
3.  Select Disable built-in battery and press Enter.
4.  Select Yes in the Setup Confirmation window. The built-in battery is disabled and the computer turns off 
automatically. Wait three to five minutes to let the computer cool.
1010 Base cover assembly
Removal step of the base cover assembly
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 
ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 
62
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 69 ---
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 63

--- Page 70 ---
Applying labels to the base cover assembly
Notes: 
•  Depending on the country or region of delivery, the labels might be slightly different from the ones in the 
following illustration.
•  The new base cover assembly FRU is shipped with a kit containing labels of several kinds. Apply those 
labels when you replace the base cover assembly. For the labels that are not shipped with the new base 
cover assembly, peel them from the old base cover assembly, and adhere them to the new one.
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 
Item Item
1  Asset tag label
2  Genuine Microsoft label
3  SN label 4  Country label
5  GEO label
ThinkPad E16 Gen 1
Item Item
1  Asset tag label
2  Genuine Microsoft label
3  SN label 4  COA label
5  Country label 6  GEO label
64 ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 71 ---
1020 Built-in battery
DANGER
Use only the Lenovo authorized battery specified for the computer. Any other battery could ignite or 
explode.
Important notice for replacing a battery
Attention: Lenovo has no responsibility for the performance or safety of unauthorized batteries, and 
provides no warranties for failures or damage arising out of their use.
The Vantage app provides an automatic battery diagnostic test that determines if the built-in battery is 
defective. A built-in battery FRU should not be replaced unless this diagnostic test shows that the battery is 
defective. The only exception to this is if the built-in battery is physically damaged or a customer is reporting 
a possible safety issue.
If the Vantage app is not installed on the computer, the customer should download and install the program to 
diagnose the built-in battery, before getting a non-physically damaged built-in battery replaced. Note that the 
replacement of a physically damaged built-in battery is not covered by the warranty.
For access, remove this FRU: 
•  “1010 Base cover assembly” on page 62
Removal steps of the built-in battery
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
2
M2 × L5.0 mm, flat-head, nylon-coated (3) Black 0.181 Nm 
(1.85 kgf-cm)
When installing:
•  Ensure that the connector is attached firmly.
•  Ensure that the base cover assembly is secured in place. Otherwise, the battery connection may fail.
1030 Memory module and memory module bracket
For access, remove this FRU:
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 65

--- Page 72 ---
•  “1010 Base cover assembly” on page 62
Removal steps of the memory module and memory module bracket
When installing:
Insert the notched end of the memory module into the memory slot. Press the memory module in firmly, and 
pivot it downward until it snaps into place. Ensure that the memory module is firmly installed in the slot and 
does not move easily.
1040 M.2 solid-state drive
For access, remove this FRU: 
•  “1010 Base cover assembly” on page 62
Attention: The M.2 solid-state drive is sensitive. Inappropriate handling might cause damage and 
permanent loss of data.
When handling the M.2 solid-state drive, observe the following guidelines: 
•  Replace the M.2 solid-state drive only for repair. The M.2 solid-state drive is not designed for frequent 
changes or replacement.
•  Before replacing the M.2 solid-state drive, make a backup copy of all the data that you want to keep.
•  Do not apply pressure to the M.2 solid-state drive.
•  Do not touch the contact edge or circuit board of the M.2 solid-state drive. Otherwise the M.2 solid-state 
drive might get damaged.
66
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 73 ---
•  Do not make the M.2 solid-state drive subject to physical shocks or vibration. Put the M.2 solid-state drive 
on a soft material, such as cloth, to absorb physical shocks.
Removal steps of the M.2 2242 solid-state drive
Note: Before installing a new M.2 2242 solid-state drive, ensure that the thermal pad is installed properly.
Step Screw (quantity) Color
Torque
1
M2 × L2 mm, flat-head, nylon-coated (1) Black 0.181Nm 
(1.85 kgf-cm)
Removal steps of the M.2 2280 solid-state drive
Note: Before installing a new M.2 2280 solid-state drive, ensure that the thermal pad is installed properly.
Step Screw (quantity) Color
Torque
1
M2 × L2 mm, flat-head, nylon-coated (1) Black 0.181 Nm 
(1.85 kgf-cm)
1050 Speaker assembly
For access, remove these FRUs in order: 
•  “1010 Base cover assembly” on page 62
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 67

--- Page 74 ---
Removal steps of the speaker assembly
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5
ThinkPad E16 Gen 1
When installing: 
•  Ensure that the connector is attached firmly.
•  Ensure that the cable is routed properly.
1060 Wireless LAN card
For access, remove this FRU: 
•  “1010 Base cover assembly” on page 62
68
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 75 ---
Removal steps of the wireless LAN card
Step Screw (quantity) Color
Torque
2
M2 × L0.5 mm, flat-head, nylon-coated (1)
Black 0.181 Nm 
(1.85 kgf-cm)
When installing: Plug the gray cable into the main connector, and the black cable into the auxiliary 
connector on the card.
1070 Thermal fan assembly
For access, remove this FRU: 
•  “1010 Base cover assembly” on page 62
•  Release the I/O board cable, see “1080 I/O board and I/O board cable” on page 71
•  Release the wireless LAN card cable, see “1060 Wireless LAN card” on page 68
Removal steps of the thermal fan assembly
For models with discrete GPU
3a
3e
3c
3d
3b
For models without discrete GPU
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 69

--- Page 76 ---
1a
1e
1
c
1d
1b
When installing: 
•  Ensure that the connector is attached firmly.
•  Do not press the top of the fan cover and the fan hub.
•  Before you attach the fan assembly to the computer, apply thermal grease, at an amount of 0.2 grams, on 
the part marked 
a  as shown in the following illustrations. Either too much or too less application of grease 
can cause a thermal problem due to imperfect contact with a component. 
70
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 77 ---
1080 I/O board and I/O board cable
For access, remove this FRU: 
•  “1010 Base cover assembly” on page 62
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 71

--- Page 78 ---
Removal steps of the I/O board and I/O board cable
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5
72 ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 79 ---
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
5
M2.5 × L6 mm, flat-head, nylon-coated (2) Black 0.294 Nm 
(3.0 kgf-cm)
7
M2 × L2 mm, flat-head, nylon-coated (1)
Black 0.181 Nm 
(1.85 kgf-cm)
ThinkPad E16 Gen 1
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 73

--- Page 80 ---
Step Screw (quantity) Color
Torque
5
M2.5 × L6 mm, flat-head, nylon-coated (2)
Black 0.294 Nm 
(3.0 kgf-cm)
7
M2 × L2 mm, flat-head, nylon-coated (1)
Black 0.181 Nm 
(1.85 kgf-cm)
When installing: 
Ensure that the screws are installed firmly.
1090 Power button with or without fingerprint reader and fingerprint 
reader cable
For access, remove this FRU: 
74
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 81 ---
•  “1010 Base cover assembly” on page 62
Removal steps of the power button with or without fingerprint reader
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5
ThinkPad E16 Gen 1
When installing: 
Ensure that the screws are installed firmly.
1100 Coin-cell battery
DANGER
Use only the Lenovo authorized battery specified for the computer. Any other battery could ignite or 
explode.
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 75

--- Page 82 ---
For access, remove these FRUs in order: 
•  “1010 Base cover assembly” on page 62
•  “1020 Built-in battery” on page 65
Removal steps of the coin-cell battery
When installing:  
•  Ensure that the connector is attached firmly.
•  Reset the system date and time in the BIOS menu.
1110 Trackpad and trackpad cable
For access, remove these FRUs in order: 
•  “1010 Base cover assembly” on page 62
•  “1020 Built-in battery” on page 65
Removal steps of the trackpad and trackpad cable
Note: There might exist a waterproof mylar covering the trackpad, remove the mylar before replacement.
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5
76 ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 83 ---
Step Screw (quantity) Color
Torque
4
M2 × L1.7 mm, flat-head, nylon-coated (7)
White 0.147 Nm 
(1.5 kgf-cm)
ThinkPad E16 Gen 1
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 77

--- Page 84 ---
Step Screw (quantity) Color
Torque
5
M2 × L1.7 mm, flat-head, nylon-coated (7)
White 0.147 Nm 
(1.5 kgf-cm)
Notes: 
•  A mylar might cover the trackpad, and ensure that you attach the mylar to the trackpad after replacement.
•  Ensure that the connector is attached firmly.
1120 System board
Important notices for handling the system board:
When handling the system board, read the following:
•  Some components mounted on a system board are very sensitive. Improper handling of a system board 
can cause damage to those components, and may cause a system malfunction.
•  The system board has an accelerometer, which can be broken when several thousands of G-forces are 
applied. 
Note: Dropping a system board from a height of as little as 6 inches so that it falls flat on a hard bench 
can subject the accelerometer to as much as 6000 G's of shock.
•  Be careful not to drop the system board on a bench top that has a hard surface, such as metal, wood, or 
composite.
•  Avoid rough handling of any kind.
•  At every point in the process, be sure not to drop or stack the system board.
78
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 85 ---
•  If you put a system board down, be sure to put it only on a padded surface such as an ESD mat or a 
corrugated conductive surface.
•  Avoid bending a system board and hard pushing to prevent cracking at each BGA (Ball Grid Array) 
chipset.
For access, remove these FRUs in order: 
•  “1010 Base cover assembly” on page 62
•  “1040 M.2 solid-state drive” on page 66
•  “1060 Wireless LAN card” on page 68
•  “1020 Built-in battery” on page 65
•  “1070 Thermal fan assembly” on page 69
This computer shares a common system board with another computer. After replacing the system board, 
you will be prompted to input a brand name to correctly identify the machine type. The following table 
contains the brand name required to complete this step.  
Note: Input the exact brand name as shown in this table.
Product name
Machine type (MT)
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 21JR, 21JS, 21JK, and 21JL
ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 21JT, 21JU, 21JN, and 21JQ
Removal steps of the system board
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5
Note: The new system board does not come with a new M.2 solid-state drive thermal pad, it is suggested 
that you order an extra thermal pad in case the old thermal pad is damaged during replacement.
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 79

--- Page 86 ---
Step Screw (quantity) Color
Torque
10
M2.5 × L6 mm, flat head, nylon-coated (2)
Black 0.294 Nm 
(3 kgf-cm)
12
M2 × L2 mm, flat head, nylon-coated (3)
Black 0.181 Nm 
(1.85 kgf-cm)
80 ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 87 ---
ThinkPad E16 Gen 1
Note: The new system board does not come with a new M.2 solid-state drive thermal pad, it is suggested 
that you order an extra thermal pad in case the old thermal pad is damaged during replacement.
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 81

--- Page 88 ---
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
12
M2.5 × L6 mm, flat head, nylon-coated (3)
Black 0.294 Nm 
(3 kgf-cm)
14
M2 × L2 mm, flat head, nylon-coated (5) Black 0.181 Nm 
(1.85 kgf-cm)
When installing: Configure the keyboard language in UEFI BIOS: 
1.  Enter the UEFI BIOS menu.
2.  Click Config ➙ Keyboard/Mouse ➙ Keyboard Layout, and then select the keyboard language.
1130 LCD unit
For access, remove this FRU: 
•  “1010 Base cover assembly” on page 62
Removal steps of the LCD unit
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5
82 ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 89 ---
Step Screw (quantity) Color Torque
7
M 2.5 × L6 mm, flat-head, nylon-coated (4) Black 0.294 Nm 
(3.0 kgf-cm)
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 83

--- Page 90 ---
ThinkPad E16 Gen 1
84 ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 91 ---
Step Screw (quantity) Color
Torque
7
M 2.5 × L6 mm, flat-head, nylon-coated (5)
Black 0.294 Nm 
(3.0 kgf-cm)
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 85

--- Page 92 ---
When installing: Ensure that the connectors are attached firmly.
Attention: When you route the cables, ensure that they are not subject to any tension. Tension could cause 
the cables to be damaged by the cable guides, or a wire to be broken.
1140 LCD bezel assembly
For access, remove these FRUs in order: 
•  “1010 Base cover assembly” on page 62
•  “1130 LCD unit” on page 82
86
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 93 ---
Removal steps of the LCD bezel assembly
When installing: Ensure that all the latches are attached firmly.
Note: After the LCD bezel assembly is removed, if it cannot be used anymore, a new LCD bezel assembly is 
required for replacement.
1150 LCD panel and elastic adhesive tapes
For access, remove these FRUs in order: 
•  “1010 Base cover assembly” on page 62
•  “1130 LCD unit” on page 82
•  “1140 LCD bezel assembly” on page 86
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 87

--- Page 94 ---
Removal steps of LCD panel and elastic adhesive tapes
1.  Pull out each tape slowly in the direction as shown until the adhesive tapes are all released from LCD 
unit.
Note: Do not pull the tapes too fast, otherwise, the tapes might snap.
2.  Turn over the LCD panel and detach the LCD cable from the LCD panel as shown.
88 ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 95 ---
Installation steps of LCD panel and elastic adhesive tapes
1.  Peel off the release liners from one side of the new elastic adhesive tapes. Apply the tapes to the correct 
locations. Peel off the release liners from the other side of the tapes. Ensure that the tapes are applied 
correctly as shown.
2.  Attach the LCD cable to the LCD panel as shown. Turn over the LCD panel to secure the LCD panel with 
tapes.
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 89

--- Page 96 ---
1160 LCD hinges
For access, remove these FRUs in order: 
•  “1010 Base cover assembly” on page 62
•  “1130 LCD unit” on page 82
•  “1140 LCD bezel assembly” on page 86
•  “1150 LCD panel and elastic adhesive tapes” on page 87
Removal steps of the LCD hinges
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5
Table 12.  Screw specification 
Step Screw (quantity) Color
Torque
1
M2.5 × L6 mm, flat-head, nylon-coated (6)
Black 0.294 Nm 
(3.0 kgf-cm)
ThinkPad E16 Gen 1
90 ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 97 ---
Table 13.  Screw specification 
Step Screw (quantity) Color
Torque
2
M2.5 × L6 mm, flat-head, nylon-coated (6)
Black 0.294 Nm 
(3.0 kgf-cm)
1170 Camera and microphone rubber(for selected models)
For access, remove these FRUs in order: 
•  “1010 Base cover assembly” on page 62
•  “1130 LCD unit” on page 82
•  “1140 LCD bezel assembly” on page 86
•  “1150 LCD panel and elastic adhesive tapes” on page 87
Removal steps of the camera
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5
ThinkPad E16 Gen 1
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 91

--- Page 98 ---
When installing:
Ensure that the connector is attached firmly.
Removal steps of the microphone rubber
92 ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 99 ---
1180 eDP cable assembly
Removal steps of eDP cable assembly
For access, remove these FRUs in order:
•  “1130 LCD unit” on page 82
•  “1140 LCD bezel assembly” on page 86
•  “1150 LCD panel and elastic adhesive tapes” on page 87
Note: New tap should be ordered for eDP cable replacement.
1190 Wireless LAN antenna assembly (for selected models)
For access, remove these FRUs in order: 
•  “1010 Base cover assembly” on page 62
•  “1130 LCD unit” on page 82
•  “1140 LCD bezel assembly” on page 86
•  “1150 LCD panel and elastic adhesive tapes” on page 87
•  “1160 LCD hinges” on page 90
Removal steps of the wireless LAN antenna assembly
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 93

--- Page 100 ---
Step Screw (quantity) Color
Torque
2
M2.5 × L4.0 mm, flat head, nylon-coated (1) Silver
0.181 Nm 
(1.85 kgf-cm)
ThinkPad E16 Gen 1
Step Screw (quantity) Color
Torque
2
M2.5 × L4.0 mm, flat head, nylon-coated (1) Silver 0.181 Nm 
(1.85 kgf-cm)
1200 LCD cover assembly
For access, remove these FRUs in order: 
•  “1010 Base cover assembly” on page 62
•  “1130 LCD unit” on page 82
•  “1140 LCD bezel assembly” on page 86
•  “1160 LCD hinges” on page 90
•  “1150 LCD panel and elastic adhesive tapes” on page 87
94
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 101 ---
•  “1170 Camera and microphone rubber(for selected models)” on page 91
•  “1190 Wireless LAN antenna assembly (for selected models)” on page 93
Chapter 8. Removing or replacing a FRU 95

--- Page 102 ---
96 ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 103 ---
Appendix A. Notices
Lenovo may not offer the products, services, or features discussed in this document in all countries. Consult 
your local Lenovo representative for information on the products and services currently available in your 
area. Any reference to a Lenovo product, program, or service is not intended to state or imply that only that 
Lenovo product, program, or service may be used. Any functionally equivalent product, program, or service 
that does not infringe any Lenovo intellectual property right may be used instead. However, it is the user’s 
responsibility to evaluate and verify the operation of any other product, program, or service.
Lenovo may have patents or pending patent applications covering subject matter described in this 
document. The furnishing of this document does not give you any license to these patents. You can send 
license inquiries, in writing, to:  
Lenovo (United States), Inc. 
8001 Development Drive
Morrisville, NC 27560
U.S.A.
Attention: Lenovo Director of Licensing
LENOVO PROVIDES THIS PUBLICATION “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS 
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, 
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Some jurisdictions do not allow 
disclaimer of express or implied warranties in certain transactions, therefore, this statement may not apply to 
you.
This information could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically made 
to the information herein; these changes will be incorporated in new editions of the publication. Lenovo may 
make improvements and/or changes in the product(s) and/or the program(s) described in this publication at 
any time without notice.
The products described in this document are not intended for use in implantation or other life support 
applications where malfunction may result in injury or death to persons. The information contained in this 
document does not affect or change Lenovo product specifications or warranties. Nothing in this document 
shall operate as an express or implied license or indemnity under the intellectual property rights of Lenovo or 
third parties. All information contained in this document was obtained in specific environments and is 
presented as an illustration. The result obtained in other operating environments may vary.
Lenovo may use or distribute any of the information you supply in any way it believes appropriate without 
incurring any obligation to you.
Any references in this publication to non-Lenovo Web sites are provided for convenience only and do not in 
any manner serve as an endorsement of those Web sites. The materials at those Web sites are not part of the 
materials for this Lenovo product, and use of those Web sites is at your own risk.
Any performance data contained herein was determined in a controlled environment. Therefore, the result 
obtained in other operating environments may vary significantly. Some measurements may have been made 
on development-level systems and there is no guarantee that these measurements will be the same on 
generally available systems. Furthermore, some measurements may have been estimated through 
extrapolation. Actual results may vary. Users of this document should verify the applicable data for their 
specific environment.
© Copyright Lenovo 2023 97

--- Page 104 ---
Trademarks
Lenovo, Lenovo logo, ThinkPad, ThinkPad logo, and TrackPoint are trademarks of Lenovo. Intel and 
Thunderbolt are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the U.S. and/or other countries. 
Microsoft, Microsoft Teams, and Windows are trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies. The terms 
HDMI and HDMI High-Definition Multimedia Interface are trademarks or registered trademarks of HDMI 
Licensing LLC in the United States and other countries. USB-C is a registered trademark of USB 
Implementers Forum. Wi-Fi is the registered trademark of Wi-Fi Alliance. All other trademarks are the 
property of their respective owners.
98
ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 105 ---
Appendix B. Abbreviation table
The following table lists all abbreviations used in this manual. 
Abbreviation Term
BGA Ball Grid Array
CMOS Complementary Metal Oxide Semiconductor
CMV Custom Model Variant
CRC Cyclic redundancy check
CRT Cathode ray tube
CRU Customer Replaceable Unit
CTO Configure To Order
EAIA Enhanced Asset Information Area
EEPROM Electrically Erasable Programmable Read-Only Memory
EFI Extensible Firmware Interface
ESD Electrostatic discharge
FRU Field Replaceable Unit
GAV General Announce Variant
IC Integrated circuits
LCD Liquid Crystal Display
MTM Machine type and model
POST Power-on self-test
RFID Radio-frequency identification
SVP Supervisor password
UUID Universally unique identifier
© Copyright Lenovo 2023 99

--- Page 106 ---
100 ThinkPad E14 Gen 5 / ThinkPad E16 Gen 1 Hardware Maintenance Manual

--- Page 108 ---
Part Number: SP41G78221  
Printed in China                                                     
(1P) P/N: SP41G78221   
*1PSP41G78221*

