Brand: LENOVO
Model: Ideapad G565
URL: https://www.manua.ls/lenovo/ideapad-g565/manual
Total Pages: 70
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
P/N: 147003411
Printed in China
Lenovo G465/G565
User Guide V1.0
Read the safety notices and important tips in the 
included manuals before using your computer.
©Lenovo China 2010
New World. New Thinking.
TM
www.lenovo.com

--- Page 2 ---
If your product is not working correctly, 
DO NOT RETURN IT TO THE STORE.
For technical assistance, contact a Lenovo 
support specialist 24 hours a day by calling toll 
free 1-877-4 LENOVO (1-877-453-6686).   
Additionally, you can find support information 
and updates on the Lenovo Web site located at 
http://consumersupport.lenovo.com.
* Only for the users from the United States.
First Edition (May 2010)
© Copyright Lenovo 2010. 
Before using the product, be sure to read Lenovo Safety and General 
Information Guide first.
The features described in this guide are common to most models. 
Some features may not be available on your computer and/or your 
computer may include features that are not described in this user 
guide.
Some instructions in this guide may assume that you are using 
Windows
®
 7. If you are using other Windows operating system, some 
operations may be slightly different. If you are using other operating 
systems, some operations may not apply to you.
LENOVO products, data, computer software, and services have been developed exclusively at private 
expense and are sold to governmental entities as commercial items as defined by 48 C.F.R. 2.101 with 
limited  and  restricted  rights  to  use,  reproduction  and  disclosure.  LIMITED  AND  RESTRICTED 
RIGHTS NOTICE: If products, data, computer software, or services are delivered pursuant a General 
Services Administration “GSA” contract, use, reproduction, or disclosure is subject to restrictions set 
forth in Contract No. GS-35F-05925.
Notes
•
•
•
The illustrations in this manual may differ from the actual product. 
Please refer to the actual product.
The illustrations used in this manual are for Lenovo G465 unless 
otherwise stated.
•
•
The Regulatory Notice provides information about the radio
frequency and safety standards. Be sure to read it before using
wireless devices on your computer.
To refer to it, go to http://www.lenovo.com, click Support, and
then click User’s guides and manuals.
Regulatory Notice
•
•

--- Page 3 ---
i
Chapter 1. Getting to know your 
computer................................... 1
Top view..........................................1
Left-side view .................................4
Right-side view...............................5
Front view .......................................6
Bottom view....................................7
Chapter 2. Learning the basics..... 8
First use............................................8
Using AC adapter and battery ....10
Using the touchpad......................12
Using the keyboard......................13
Connecting external devices.......16
Special keys and buttons.............18
System status indicators..............19
Securing your computer..............20
Chapter 3. Connecting to the 
Internet....................................22
Wired connection .........................22
Wireless connection .....................24
Chapter 4. OneKey Rescue 
system..................................... 26
OneKey Rescue system ...............26
Chapter 5. Troubleshooting......28
Frequently asked questions........28
Troubleshooting...........................30
Appendix A. CRU instructions ..... 35
Replacing the battery ..................35
Replacing the hard disk drive..... 36
Replacing memory....................... 40
Removing the optical drive........43
Appendix B. Lenovo limited 
warranty ..................................45
Warranty information.................51
Appendix C. Product specific 
Notices ....................................54
Energy star information..............54
Electronic emissions notices....... 56
Appendix D. Specifications..... 60
Trademarks.............................61
Index........................................62
Contents

--- Page 5 ---
1
Chapter 1. Getting to know your computer
Top view  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
 G465
a
d
h
b
c
e
f
i
j

--- Page 6 ---
2
Chapter 1. Getting to know your computer
 G565
Note: The illustrations in this manual may differ from the actual product. Please refer to the 
actual product. 
Attention:
• Do NOT open the display panel beyond 130 degrees. When closing the display panel, be 
careful NOT to leave pens or any other objects in between the display panel and the 
keyboard. Otherwise, the display panel may be damaged.
c
d
h
a
b
f
g
j
i
e


--- Page 7 ---
Chapter 1. Getting to know your computer
3
Integrated 
camera (Select 
models only)
Use the camera for video communication.
Wireless module 
antennas (Select 
models only)
The built-in antennas ensure optimal reception of wireless 
radio.
Computer display
The LCD display provides brilliant visual output. 
OneKey Rescue 
system button
Press this button to open OneKey Rescue system (If 
OneKey Rescue system has been preinstalled) when the 
computer is powered off.
Note: For details, see “OneKey Rescue system” on page 26.
Power button
Press this button to turn on the computer.
Energy 
Management 
button (Select 
models only)
Touch this button to launch Lenovo Energy Management.
Note: For details, see “Energy Management button” on page 18.
System status 
indicators (Select 
models only)
For details, see “System status indicators” on page 19.
Built-in 
microphone
The built-in microphone (with noise reduction) can be 
used for video conferencing, voice narration, or simple 
audio recordings.
Touchpad
The touchpad functions as a conventional mouse.
Note: For details, see “Using the touchpad” on page 12.
Speakers
The stereo speakers provide rich and powerful sound.
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j

--- Page 8 ---
4
Chapter 1. Getting to know your computer
Left-side view  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
Kensington slot
Attach a security lock (not supplied) here.
Note: For details, see “Attaching a security lock (not supplied)” on page 20.
Fan louvers
Dissipate internal heat.
Note: Make sure that none of the fan louvers are blocked or else overheating of the 
computer may occur.
RJ-45 port
This port connects the computer to an Ethernet network.
Note: For details, see “Wired connection” on page 22.
VGA port
Connects to external display devices.
USB port
Connects to USB devices.
Note: For details, see “Connecting a universal serial bus (USB) device” on page 17.
edba
c
a
b
c
d
e

--- Page 9 ---
Chapter 1. Getting to know your computer
5
Right-side view  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
Microphone jack
Connects to external microphones.
Headphone jack
Connects to external headphones.
Attention:
• Listening to music at high volume over extended periods of time may damage your 
hearing.
Optical drive 
Reads/Burns optical disks.
USB port
Connects to USB devices.
Note: For details, see “Connecting a universal serial bus (USB) device” on page 17.
AC power adapter 
jack
Connect the AC adapter here.
Note: For details, see “Using AC adapter and battery” on page 10.
eab
c
d
a
b

c
d
e

--- Page 10 ---
6
Chapter 1. Getting to know your computer
Front view - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
Integrated 
wireless device 
switch (Select 
models only)
Use this switch to turn on/off the wireless radio of all 
wireless devices on your computer.
System status 
indicators
For details, see “System status indicators” on page 19.
Memory card slot 
Insert memory cards (not supplied) here.
Note: For details, see “Using memory cards (not supplied)” on page 16.
a b c
a
b
c

--- Page 11 ---
Chapter 1. Getting to know your computer
7
Bottom view - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
Battery latch -
manual
The manual battery latch is used to keep the battery pack 
secured in place.
Battery pack
For details, see “Using AC adapter and battery” on page 
10.
Battery latch - 
spring loaded
The spring-loaded battery latch keeps the battery pack 
secured in place.
Hard disk drive 
(HDD)/Memory/
CPU (Central 
processing unit)/
Mini PCI Express 
Card slot 
compartment
cba
d
a
b
c
d

--- Page 12 ---
8
Chapter 2. Learning the basics
First use 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
 Reading the manuals
Read the supplied manuals before using your computer.
 Conncting to the power
The supplied battery pack is not fully charged at purchase.
To charge the battery and begin using your computer, insert the battery pack 
and connect the computer to an electrical outlet. The battery is automatically 
charged while the computer is running on AC power.
Installing the battery pack
Refer to the supplied Setup Poster to install the battery pack.
Connecting the computer to an electrical outlet
1
Connect the power cord to the AC adapter.
2
Connect the AC adapter to the AC power adapter jack of the computer 
firmly.
3
Plug the power cord into an electrical outlet.
 Turning on the computer
Press the power button to turn on the computer.
 Configuring the operating system
You may need to configure the operating system when it is first used. The 
configuration process may include the procedures below.
• Accepting the end user license agreement
• Configuring the Internet connection
• Registering the operating system
• Creating a user account

--- Page 13 ---
Chapter 2. Learning the basics
9
 Putting your computer into sleep state or shutting it down 
When you finish working with your computer, you can put it into sleep state 
or shut it down.
Putting your computer into sleep state
If you will be away from your computer for only a short time, put the 
computer into sleep state. 
When the computer is in sleep state, you can quickly wake it to resume use, 
and bypass the startup process.
To put the computer into sleep state, do one of the following.
• Click   and select Sleep from the Start menu.
• Press Fn + F1.
To wake the computer, do one of the following.
• Press the power button.
• Press any key on the keyboard.
 Shutting down your computer
If you are not going to use your computer for a day or two, shut it down.
To shut down your computer, click   and select Shut down from the Start 
menu.
Note: Wait until the power indicator light starts blinking (indicating that the computer is in 
sleep state) before you move your computer. Moving your computer while the hard 
disk is spinning can damage the hard disk, causing loss of data.

--- Page 14 ---
10
Chapter 2. Learning the basics
Using AC adapter and battery 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
 Checking battery status
You can determine the percentage of battery power remaining by checking 
the battery icon in the notification area.
 Charging the battery
When you find that the battery power is low, you need to charge the battery 
or replace it with a fully charged one.
You need to charge the battery in any of the following situations:
• When you purchase a new battery
• If the battery status indicator starts blinking
• If the battery has not been used for a long time
Note: As each computer user has different habits and needs, it is difficult to predict how 
long a battery charge will last. There are two main factors:
• The amount of energy stored in the battery when you commence work.
• The way you use your computer: for example, how often you access the hard 
disk drive and how bright you make the computer display.
Notes:
• You are advised to insert the battery pack when using your computer to prevent small 
particles from entering the inside of your computer.
• To increase the life of the battery pack, the computer does not start recharging the 
battery immediately after it drops from fully charged.
• Charge the battery at a temperature between 50 °F and 86 °F (10 °C-30 °C).
• Full charge or discharge is not required.

--- Page 15 ---
Chapter 2. Learning the basics
11
 Removing the battery pack 
If you are not going to use the computer for an extended period of time, or if 
you need to send your computer to Lenovo for service, etc. remove the 
battery pack from the computer. Before removing the battery pack, make 
sure the computer has been shut down.
 Handling the battery
If the rechargeable battery pack is replaced with an incorrect type, there may 
be danger of an explosion. The battery pack contains a small amount of 
harmful substances. To avoid possible injury and detriment to the 
environment, pay attention to the following points:
• Replace only with a battery of the type recommended by Lenovo.
• Keep the battery pack away from fire.
• Do not expose the battery pack to water or rain.
• Do not attempt to disassemble the battery pack.
• Do not short-circuit the battery pack.
• Keep the battery pack away from children.
• Do not put the battery pack in trash that is disposed of in landfills. When 
disposing of the battery, comply with local ordinances or regulations and 
your company’s safety standards.

--- Page 16 ---
12
Chapter 2. Learning the basics
Using the touchpad 
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
 
Touchpad
To move the cursor on the screen, slide your 
fingertip over the pad in the direction in which 
you want the cursor to move.
Left click button
The function corresponds to that of the left 
mouse button on a conventional mouse.
Right click button
The function corresponds to that of the right 
mouse button on a conventional mouse.
Note: You can enable/disable the touchpad using Fn+F6.
bc
a
a
b
c

--- Page 17 ---
Chapter 2. Learning the basics
13
Using the keyboard 
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
Your computer has a numeric keypad and function keys incorporated in its 
standard keyboard.
 Numeric keypad
G465
The keyboard has keys that, when enabled, work as a 10-key numeric
keypad. To enable or disable the numeric keypad, press Fn+F8 .
G565
The keyboard has a separate numeric keypad. To enable or disable the 
numeric keypad, press the Num Lock key.
Notes: 
• The Num lock indicator will light on if the numeric keypad is enabled.
• For models without the Num lock indicator, the   icon will appear on the computer 
screen if the numeric keypad is enabled.
CapsLK
Num
Lock

--- Page 18 ---
14
Chapter 2. Learning the basics
 Function key combinations
Through the use of the function keys, you can change operational features 
instantly. To use this function, press and hold Fn  ; then press one of the 
function keys  .
a
b
CapsLK
b
a
b

--- Page 19 ---
Chapter 2. Learning the basics
15
The following describes the features of each function key.
Fn + Esc:  Turn on/off the integrated camera.
Fn + F1: Enter sleep mode.
Fn + F2: Turn on/off the backlight of the LCD screen.
Fn + F3:
Open the interface for the display device switch 
to select this notebook or an external display.
Fn + F4:
Open the interface for display resolution 
settings.
Fn + F5: 
Open the interface for integrated wireless 
devices settings (On/Off).
Fn + F6: Enable/Disable the touchpad.
Fn + F8 (G465): Enable/Disable the numeric keypad.
Fn + F9: Start/Pause playback of Windows Media Player.
Fn + F10: Stop playback of Windows Media Player.
Fn + F11: Skip to the previous track.
Fn + F12: Skip to the next track.
Fn + Insert (G565):
Fn + PgUp (G465):
Enable/Disable the scroll lock.
Fn + PrtSc: Activate the system request.
Fn + Home: Activate the pause function.
Fn + End: Activate the break function.
Fn + PgDn (G465): Activate the insert function.
Fn + ↑ / ↓: Increase/Decrease display brightness.
Fn + → / ←: Increase/Decrease sound volume.

--- Page 20 ---
16
Chapter 2. Learning the basics
Connecting external devices 
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
Your computer has a wide range of built-in features and connection 
capabilities.
 Using memory cards (not supplied) 
Your computer supports the following types of memory cards:
• Secure Digital (SD) card
• MultiMediaCard (MMC)
• Memory Stick (MS)
• Memory Stick PRO (MS PRO)
• xD-Picture (xD) card
Inserting a memory card
1
Push the dummy card until you hear a click. Gently pull the dummy card 
out of the memory card slot.
2
Slide the memory card in until it clicks into place.
Removing a memory card
1
Push the memory card until you hear a click.
2
Gently pull the memory card out of the memory card slot.
Notes:
• Insert ONLY one card in the slot at a time.
• This card reader does not support SDIO devices (e.g., SDIO Bluetooth, etc.).
Note: The dummy card is used for preventing dust and small particles from entering the 
inside of your computer when the memory card slot is not in use. Retain the dummy 
card for future use.
Note: Before removing the memory card, disable it via Windows safely remove hardware 
and eject media utility to avoid data corruption.

--- Page 21 ---
Chapter 2. Learning the basics
17
 Connecting a universal serial bus (USB) device
Your computer comes with three USB ports compatible with USB devices.
 Connecting a Bluetooth device (Select models only)
If your computer has an integrated Bluetooth adapter card, it can connect to 
and transfer data wirelessly to other Bluetooth enabled devices, such as 
notebook computers, PDAs and cell phones. You can transfer data between 
these devices without cables and up to 10 meters range in open space.
Enabling Bluetooth communications on your computer
1
Slide the integrated wireless device switch from   to  .
2
Press Fn + F5 to make configuration.
Note: When using a high power consumption USB device such as USB ODD, use the 
external device’s power adapter. Otherwise, the device may not be recognized, and 
system shut down may result.
Note: The actual maximum range may vary due to interference and transmission barriers. 
To get the best possible connection speed, place the device as near your computer as 
possible.
Notes:
• When you do not need to use the Bluetooth function, turn it off to save battery power.
• You need to pair the Bluetooth enabled device with your computer before you can transfer 
data between them. Read the documentation supplied with the Bluetooth enabled device 
for details on how to pair the device with your computer.

--- Page 22 ---
18
Chapter 2. Learning the basics
Special keys and buttons 
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
 OneKey Rescue system button ( )
• When the computer is powered-off, press this button to enter the OneKey 
Rescue system if Lenovo OneKey Rescue system has been preinstalled.
• In Windows operating system, press this button to start Lenovo OneKey 
Recovery.
 Energy Management button ( ) (Select models only)
Lenovo Energy Management provides you control over the performance and 
power consumption for each component of your notebook through the 
collaboration of software and hardware, thus extends battery life and 
improves battery runtime.
Note: For details, see “OneKey Rescue system” on page 26.
ba
a
b

--- Page 23 ---
Chapter 2. Learning the basics
19
System status indicators 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
These indicators inform you of the computer status.
G465 G565
c d
ef
b
CapsLK
a
a
b
cdef
Caps lock indicator
G465: 
G565: 
Num lock indicator
G465: 
G565: 
Notes: 
• The Caps lock indicator and Num lock indicator are for selected models only. 
• For other models, when you press the Caps lock key or the Num lock key, the Caps 
lock icon or the Num lock icon is displayed on the computer screen, indicating that 
the Caps lock function or the numeric keypad has been enabled or disabled.
Power status indicator 
Battery status indicator 
Wireless communication indicator 
Hard disk drive indicator 
a
b
c
d
e
f

--- Page 24 ---
20
Chapter 2. Learning the basics
Securing your computer 
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
This section provides information about how to help protect your computer 
from theft and unauthorized use.
 Attaching a security lock (not supplied)
You can attach a security lock to your computer to help prevent it from being 
removed without your permission. For details on installing the security lock, 
please refer to the instructions shipped with the security lock that you have 
purchased.
Refer to the “Left-side view” on page 4 for the location of the Kensington 
slot.
 Using VeriFace™
VeriFace is a face recognition software which takes a digital snapshot, 
extracts key features of your face, and creates a digital map that becomes the 
system’s “password”.
If you want to activate VeriFace for the first time, click the VeriFace icon on 
the desktop to register your facial image.
For more details on VeriFace, see the software help.
Notes:
• Before purchasing any security product, verify that it is compatible with this type of 
security keyhole.
• You are responsible for evaluating, selecting, and implementing the locking devices and 
security features. Lenovo offers no comment judgement or warranty regarding the 
function, quality or performance of locking devices and security features.
Notes:
• The face registration and verification works best in an environment with steady and even 
light.
• You can determine whether to use this function when you log on the system.

--- Page 25 ---
Chapter 2. Learning the basics
21
 Using passwords
Using passwords helps prevent your computer from being used by others. 
Once you set a password and enable it, a prompt appears on the screen each 
time you power on the computer. Enter your password at the prompt. The 
computer cannot be used unless you enter the correct password.
For details about how to set the password, see the Help to the right of the 
screen in BIOS setup utility.
Note: This password can be from one to seven alphanumeric characters in any combination.
Note: To enter BIOS setup utility, press F2 when the Lenovo logo appears on the screen while 
the computer is starting up.

--- Page 26 ---
22
Chapter 3. Connecting to the Internet
As a global network, the Internet connects computers worldwide, providing 
services such as e-mailing, information searching, electronic commerce, Web 
browsing and entertainment.
You can connect the computer to the Internet in the following ways:
Wired connection: use physical wiring to connect.
Wireless network technology: connect without wiring.
Wired connection  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
Wired connections are a reliable and safe way to connect the computer to the 
Internet. 
Cable Cable Internet services use a cable modem connected to 
the residential cable TV line.
DSL DSL is a family of related technologies that bring high-
speed network access to homes and small businesses 
over ordinary telephone lines.

--- Page 27 ---
Chapter 3. Connecting to the Internet
23
 Hardware connection:
Cable                      DSL
 Software configuration
Consult your Internet Service Provider (ISP) for details on how to configure 
your computer.
Note: The above diagrams are for reference only. Actual connection method may vary.
*
*
*
*
TV cable
Splitter *
Cable modem *
* Not supplied.
Telephone line
Splitter *
DSL modem *

--- Page 28 ---
24
Chapter 3. Connecting to the Internet
Wireless connection  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
Wireless connections provide mobile access to the Internet, allowing you to 
stay online anywhere the wireless signal covers.
Divided by the signal scales, wireless connection to the Internet can be built 
based on the following standards. 
Wi-Fi Wi-Fi networks cover a small physical area, like a home, 
office, or small group of buildings. An access point is 
necessary for the connection.
WiMAX  WiMAX networks connect several Wireless LAN 
systems to cover a metropolitan area, providing high-
speed broadband access without the need for cables.
Note: Your computer may not support all wireless connection methods.

--- Page 29 ---
Chapter 3. Connecting to the Internet
25
 Using Wi-Fi/WiMAX (Select models only)
Enabling wireless connection
To enable wireless communications, do the following:
1
Slide the integrated wireless device switch from   to  .
2
Press Fn + F5 to make configuration.
Hardware connection
Software configuration
Consult your Internet Service Provider (ISP) and search Windows Help and 
Support Center for details on how to configure your computer.
Access point *
Wi-Fi/WiMAX network
* Not supplied

--- Page 30 ---
26
Chapter 4. OneKey Rescue system
OneKey Rescue system 
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
 Introduction  
The Lenovo OneKey Rescue system is an easy-to-use application that can be 
used to back up the data on your system partition (C drive) for easy restore 
when required. You can run Lenovo OneKey Recovery under the Windows 
operating system, and the OneKey Rescue system without starting the 
Windows operating system.
Attention:
In order to utilize the features of the OneKey Rescue system, your hard disk 
already includes a hidden partition by default to store the system image file 
and OneKey Rescue system program files. This default partition is hidden 
for security reasons and is the reason the available disk space is less than it 
claims. The exact available hard disk space depends on the file size of the 
mirror image file (based on the size of operating system and preinstalled 
software).
 Using Lenovo OneKey Recovery (within Windows operating 
system)
In Windows operating system, double click the OneKey Recovery system 
Icon on the desktop to launch Lenovo OneKey Recovery. 
Within the program, you can back up the system partition on the hard disk 
drive, other storage devices, or by creating recovery discs. 
For more instructions, see the Help file of Lenovo OneKey Recovery.
Notes:
• The backup process and creation of recovery discs may take some time, connect the AC 
adapter and battery pack to your computer.
• After the recovery discs are burned, please number them so that you can use them in the 
correct order.
• Computers without an integrated optical drive support the creation of recovery discs; 
however an appropriate external optical drive is needed to physically create the recovery 
discs.


--- Page 31 ---
Chapter 4. OneKey Rescue system
27
 Using Lenovo OneKey Rescue system (without Windows 
operating system)
In the event that the operating system cannot be loaded, follow the steps 
below to access OneKey Rescue system.
• Shut down your computer.
• Press the   key to launch OneKey Rescue system.
Within the program, you can choose to restore your system partition to the 
original factory status, or to a previously generated backup.
Note: The recovery process is irreversible. Make sure to back up any critical data before 
using the recovery feature.

--- Page 32 ---
28
Chapter 5. Troubleshooting
Frequently asked questions - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
This section lists frequently asked questions and tells where you can find 
detailed answers. For details about each publication included in the package with 
your computer, see Lenovo G465/G565 Setup Poster. 
What safety precautions should I follow when using my computer?
See “Chapter 1. Important safety information” of Lenovo Safety and 
General Information Guide.
How can I prevent problems with my computer?
See “Chapter 2. Use and care Information” of Lenovo Safety and General 
Information Guide.
What are the main hardware features of my new computer?
More information can be found in Chapter 1 and 2.
Where can I find the detailed specifications for my computer?
See http://consumersupport.lenovo.com
.
I need to upgrade a device or I need to replace one of the following: the hard 
disk drive, memory, or the keyboard.
See “Appendix A. CRU instructions” on page 35 of this guide.
Where are the recovery discs?
Your computer did not come with a recovery disc. For an explanation of 
the alternative recovery methods offered by Lenovo, see “Chapter 4. 
OneKey Rescue system” on page 26.
How can I contact the customer support center?
See " Chapter 3. Getting help and service" of Lenovo Safety and General 
Information Guide.
Where can I find warranty information?
For the warranty applicable to your computer, including the warranty 
period and type of warranty service, see “Appendix B. Lenovo limited 
warranty” on page 45.

--- Page 33 ---
Chapter 5. Troubleshooting
29
How can I install the device drivers?
A compatible device driver is a requirement to ensure correct operation 
and performance of each component in your computer. If your computer is 
pre-installed with an operating system, Lenovo provides all drivers that 
you need in your hard disk.
What can I do if the backup process fails?
If you can start the backup feature without a problem, but it fails during 
the backup process, please try the following steps:
1
Close other applications, then restart the backup process.
2
Check if the destination media is damaged, try to select another path 
and then try again.
When do I need to restore the system to the factory status?
You can use this feature when your system fails or you need to re-install 
your operating system. This will restore your computer back to the initial 
status when you first booted up your computer after receiving it from the 
store. If there is critical data on your current partition, back it up before you 
run this recovery feature.

--- Page 34 ---
30
Chapter 5. Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
If you do not find your problem here, see Chapter 2. The following section only 
describes problems that might negate the need to refer to the more 
comprehensive information in Chapter 2.
Display problems
When I turn on the computer, 
nothing appears on the screen.
• If the screen is blank, make sure that:
- The battery is installed correctly. 
- The AC adapter is connected to the computer and the 
power cord is plugged into a working electrical outlet.
- The computer power is on. (Press the power button again 
for confirmation.)
- The memory is installed correctly. 
• If these items are properly set, and the screen remains blank, 
have the computer serviced. 
When I turn on the computer, 
only a white cursor appears on 
a blank screen. 
• Restore backed-up files to your Windows environment or 
the entire contents of your hard disk to the original factory 
contents using OneKey Recovery. If you still see only the 
cursor on the screen, have the computer serviced.
My screen goes blank while the 
computer is on.
• Your screen saver or power management may be enabled. 
Do one of the following to exit from the screen saver or to 
resume from sleep or hibernation mode:
- Touch the touchpad.
- Press any key on the keyboard.
- Press the power button.
- Press Fn+F2 to confirm whether the LCD screen has been 
turned off.

--- Page 35 ---
Chapter 5. Troubleshooting
31
A Password problem
I forgot my password. • If you forget your user password, you must take your 
computer to a Lenovo authorized servicer or a marketing 
representative to have the password changed. 
• If you forget your HDD password, a Lenovo authorized 
servicer cannot reset your password or recover data from 
the hard disk. You must take your computer to a Lenovo 
authorized servicer or a marketing representative to have 
the hard disk drive replaced. Proof of purchase is required, 
and a fee will be charged for parts and service. 
• If you forget your supervisor password, a Lenovo 
authorized servicer cannot reset your password. You must 
take your computer to a Lenovo authorized servicer or a 
marketing representative to have the system board 
replaced. Proof of purchase is required, and a fee will be 
charged for parts and service.
Keyboard problems
A number appears when you 
enter a letter (G465).
• The numeric lock function is on. To disable it, press Fn + F8.
 Sleep or hibernation problems
The critical low-battery error 
message appears, and the 
computer immediately turns off.
• The battery power is getting low. Connect the AC adapter to 
the computer, or replace the battery with a fully charged 
one.
The computer enters sleep 
mode immediately after Power-
on self-test (POST). 
• Make sure that: 
- The battery is charged.
- The operating temperature is within the acceptable range. 
See “Chapter 2. Use and care Information” of Lenovo 
Safety and General Information Guide.
Note:If the battery is charged and the temperature is within range, have the computer serviced.

--- Page 36 ---
32
Chapter 5. Troubleshooting
The computer does not return 
from sleep mode and the com-
puter does not work. 
• If the computer does not return from sleep mode, it may 
have entered hibernation mode automatically because the 
battery is depleted. Check the power indicator. 
• If your computer is in sleep mode, connect the AC adapter 
to the computer, then press any key or the power button.
• If your computer is in hibernation mode or power-off state, 
connect the AC adapter to the computer, then press the 
power button to resume operation.
Note:
 If the system still does not return from sleep mode, your system has stopped responding, and 
you cannot turn off the computer; reset the computer. Unsaved data may be lost. To reset the 
computer, press and hold the
 
power button for 4 seconds or more. If the computer is still not 
reset, remove the AC adapter and the battery.
Computer screen problems
The screen is blank.  • Do the following:
- If you are using the AC adapter, or using the battery, and 
the battery status indicator is on, press Fn + ↑ to make the 
screen brighter. 
- If the power indicator is in blinking, press the power 
button to resume from the sleep mode. 
- If the problem persist, follow the solution in the following 
problem “The screen is unreadable or distorted.”
- Press Fn+F2 to confirm whether the LCD screen has been 
turned off.
The screen is unreadable or 
distorted.
• Make sure that: 
- The display device driver is installed correctly.
- The screen resolution and color quality are correctly set. 
- The monitor type is correct.
Incorrect characters appear on 
the screen.
• Did you install the operating system or application program 
correctly? If they are installed and configured correctly, 
have the computer serviced.

--- Page 37 ---
Chapter 5. Troubleshooting
33
Sound problems
No sound can be heard from 
the speaker even when the vol-
ume is turned up.
• Make sure that:
- The Mute function is off.
- The headphone jack is not used.
- Speakers are selected as the playback device. 
Battery problems
Your computer shuts down 
before the battery status indica-
tor shows empty.
-or-
Your computer operates after 
the battery status indicator 
shows empty.
• Discharge and recharge the battery.
The operating time for a fully 
charged battery is short. 
• For details, see “Handling the battery” in Chapter 2. 
The computer does not operate 
with a fully charged battery.
• The surge protector in the battery might be active. Turn off 
the computer for one minute to reset the protector; then turn 
on the computer again.
The battery does not charge. • For details, see “Handling the battery” in Chapter 2.
A hard disk drive problem
The hard disk drive does not 
work.
• In the Boot menu in BIOS setup utility, make sure that the 
hard disk drive is included in the Boot Device Priority 
correctly.
A startup problem
The Microsoft
®
 Windows oper-
ating system does not start.
• Use the OneKey Rescue system to help solve or identify 
your problem. For details about OneKey Rescue system, see 
“Chapter 4. OneKey Rescue system” on page 26.
OneKey Rescue system problems
Backup cannot be made. • You are not currently using a Windows operating system.
• There is not enough space to store the backed up data. You 
will need to free more hard disk space on your system 
partition (C drive).
Fail to restore system partition 
to factory default.
• The system partition, such as the partition size or the drive 
capacity of C, has been modified.

--- Page 38 ---
34
Chapter 5. Troubleshooting
Other problems
Your computer does not 
respond.
•
To turn off your computer, press and hold the power button 
for 4 seconds or more. If the computer still does not respond, 
remove the AC adapter and the battery. 
• Your computer might lock when it enters sleep mode 
during a communication operation. Disable the sleep timer 
when you are working on the network.
The computer does not start 
from a device you want. 
• See the Boot menu of the BIOS setup utility. Make sure that 
the Boot Device Priority in the BIOS setup utility is set so 
that the computer starts from the device you want. 
• Also make sure that the device from which the computer 
starts is enabled. In the Boot menu in the BIOS setup utility, 
make sure that the device is included in the Boot Device 
Priority list.
• Press F12 when the Lenovo logo appears on the screen 
while the computer is starting up to select the device you 
want the computer starts from.
The connected external device 
does not work. 
• Do not connect or disconnect any external device cables 
other than USB while the computer power is on; otherwise, 
you might damage your computer.
• When using a high power consumption external devices 
such as an external USB optical disk drive, use external 
device power adapter. Otherwise, the device may not be 
recognized, or system shut down may result.

--- Page 39 ---
35
Appendix A. CRU instructions
Replacing the battery - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
To replace the battery, do the following:
1
Turn off the computer, or enter hibernation mode. Disconnect the AC 
adapter and all cables from the computer.
2
Close the computer display, and turn the computer over.
3
Unlock the manual battery latch  . Holding the spring-loaded battery 
latch in the unlocked position  , remove the battery pack in the direc-
tion shown by the arrow  . 
4
Install a fully charged battery.
5
Slide the manual battery latch to the locked position.
6
Turn the computer over again. Connect the AC adapter and the cables to
the computer again.
Notes:
• The illustrations used in this chapter are of the Lenovo G465, unless otherwise stated.
• The following steps about upgrading and replacing devices are the same for the G465 and G565.
Note: Use only the battery provided by Lenovo. Any other battery could ignite or explode.
a
b
c
b
1
a
c

--- Page 40 ---
36
Appendix A. CRU instructions
Replacing the hard disk drive - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
You can increase the storage capacity of your computer by replacing the hard 
disk drive with one of greater capacity. You can purchase a new hard disk 
drive from your reseller or Lenovo marketing representative.
The drive is very sensitive. Incorrect handling can cause damage and perma-
nent loss of data on the hard disk. Before removing the hard disk drive, make 
a backup copy of all the information on the hard disk, and then turn the com-
puter off. Never remove the drive while the system is operating, in sleep 
mode, or in hibernation mode. 
Notes:
• Replace the hard disk drive only if you upgrade it or have it repaired. The connectors and 
bay of the hard disk drive were not designed for frequent changes, or drive swapping.
• The preinstalled softwares are not included on an optional hard disk drive.
Handling a hard disk drive
• Do not drop the drive or subject it to physical shocks. Put the drive on a material, 
such as soft cloth, that absorbs the physical shock.
• Do not apply pressure to the cover of the drive. 
• Do not touch the connector.

--- Page 41 ---
Appendix A. CRU instructions
37
To replace the hard disk drive, do the following:
1
Turn off the computer; then disconnect the AC adapter and all cables 
from the computer.
2
Close the computer display, and then turn the computer over.
3
Remove the battery pack.
4
Remove the Hard disk drive (HDD)/Memory/CPU (Central processing 
unit)/Mini PCI Express Card slot compartment cover.
a.Loosen the screws that secure the compartment cover  .
b.Remove the compartment cover  .
a
b
b
a

--- Page 42 ---
38
Appendix A. CRU instructions
5
Remove the frame fixing screws  .
6
Pull the tab in the direction shown by arrow  .
c
c
c
d
d

--- Page 43 ---
Appendix A. CRU instructions
39
7
Take out the hard disk drive secured in a metal frame  .
8
Remove the screws and detach the metal frame from the hard disk drive.
9
Attach the metal frame to a new hard disk drive and tighten the screws.
0
Put the hard disk drive gently into the hard disk drive bay with the tab
facing upwards and the connectors facing each other; then push it firmly
into space.
A
Reinstall the frame fixing screw.
B
Reinstall the compartment cover and tighten the screws.
C
Reinstall the battery pack.
D
Turn the computer over again. Connect the AC adapter and the cables to
the computer again.
e
e

--- Page 44 ---
40
Appendix A. CRU instructions
Replacing memory  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
You can increase the amount of memory in your computer by installing a 
double-data-rate three synchronous dynamic random access memory (DDR3 
SDRAM)-available as an option-in the memory slot of your computer. DDR3 
SDRAMs are available in various capacities.
 To install a DDR3 SDRAM, do the following: 
1
Touch a metal table or a grounded metal object to reduce any static 
electricity in your body, which could damage the DDR3 SDRAM. Do not
touch the contact edge of the DDR3 SDRAM. 
2
Turn off the computer. Disconnect the AC adapter and all cables from the
computer.
3
Close the computer display, and turn the computer over. 
4
Remove the battery again.
5
Remove the Hard disk drive (HDD)/Memory/CPU (Central processing
unit)/Mini PCI Express Card slot compartment cover.
a.Loosen the screws that secure the compartment cover  .
b.Remove the compartment cover  .
Note: Use only the memory types supported by your computer. If you incorrectly install 
optional memory, or install an unsupported memory type, a warning beep will sound 
when you try to start the computer.
a
b
b
a

--- Page 45 ---
Appendix A. CRU instructions
41
6
If two DDR3 SDRAMs are already installed in the memory slot, remove 
one of them to make room for the new one by pressing out on the latches 
on both edges of the socket at the same time. Be sure to save the old 
DDR3 SDRAM for future use.
7
Align the notch of the DDR3 SDRAM with the protrusion of the socket 
and gently insert the DDR3 SDRAM into the socket at a 30-45° angle.
8
Push the DDR3 SDRAM inward toward the socket until the latches on 
both edges of the socket are pushed into the closed position.
9
After aligning the attachment clips with their matching gaps, reinstall the 
compartment cover.
0
Reinstall and tighten the screws.
A
Reinstall the battery.
B
Turn the computer over again. Connect the AC adapter and the cables to
the computer again.
b
a a
b
a

--- Page 46 ---
42
Appendix A. CRU instructions
To make sure that the DDR3 SDRAM is installed correctly, do as follows: 
1
Turn the computer on. 
2
Hold F2 during startup. The BIOS setup utility screen opens. The 
System Memory item shows the total amount of memory installed in 
your computer. 
Note: If only one DDR3 SDRAM is used on the computer you are servicing, the card must be 
installed in SLOT-0 ( : lower slot), but not in SLOT-1 ( : upper slot).
b
a

--- Page 47 ---
Appendix A. CRU instructions
43
Removing the optical drive  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
To remove the optical drive, do the following:
1
Remove the Hard disk drive (HDD)/Memory/CPU (Central processing 
unit)/Mini PCI Express Card slot compartment cover.
2
Remove the screw shown in the illustration  .
3
Gently pull the optical drive out  .
a
b
a
b

--- Page 48 ---
44
Appendix A. CRU instructions
The following table provides a list of CRUs (Customer Replaceable Units) for 
your computer, and informs you of where to find replacement instructions.
Setup Poster User Guide
AC adapter O
Power cord for AC adapter O
Battery O O
Bottom access doors O
Hard disk drive O
Memory O
Optical drive O

--- Page 49 ---
45
Appendix B. Lenovo limited warranty
L505-0010-01 04/2008
This Lenovo Limited Warranty applies only to Lenovo branded hardware 
products you purchased for your own use and not for resale. 
This Lenovo Limited Warranty is available in other languages at 
www.lenovo.com/warranty
.
 What this warranty covers
Lenovo warrants that each hardware product that you purchase is free from 
defects in materials and workmanship under normal use during the warranty 
period. The warranty period for the product starts on the original date of 
purchase specified on your sales receipt or invoice unless Lenovo informs you 
otherwise in writing. The warranty period and type of warranty service that 
apply to your product are designated below under the section titled “
Warranty 
information
”.
THIS WARRANTY IS YOUR EXCLUSIVE WARRANTY AND REPLACES 
ALL OTHER WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, 
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR 
CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT 
ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO 
THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN THAT EVENT, 
SUCH WARRANTIES APPLY ONLY TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY LAW 
AND ARE LIMITED IN DURATION TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD. NO 
WARRANTIES APPLY AFTER THAT PERIOD. SOME STATES OR 
JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN 
IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION ON 
DURATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

--- Page 50 ---
46
Appendix B. Lenovo limited warranty
 How to obtain warranty service
If the product does not function as warranted during the warranty period, you 
may obtain warranty service by contacting Lenovo or an approved service 
provider. Each of them is referred to as a “Service Provider.” A list of Service 
Providers and their telephone numbers is available at 
www.lenovo.com/support/phone
.
Warranty service may not be available in all locations and may differ from 
location to location. Charges may apply outside a Service Provider’s normal 
service area. Contact a local Service Provider for location-specific information.
 What your service provider will do to correct problems 
When you contact a Service Provider, you must follow the problem 
determination and resolution procedures specified.
Your Service Provider will attempt to diagnose and resolve your problem over 
the telephone, e-mail or through remote assistance. Your Service Provider may 
direct you to download and install designated software updates.
Some problems can be resolved with a replacement part that you can install 
yourself called a “Customer Replaceable Unit” or “CRU.” If so, your Service 
Provider will ship the CRU to you to install.
If your problem cannot be resolved over the telephone or remotely, through 
your application of software updates or the installation of a CRU by you, your 
Service Provider will arrange for service under the type of warranty service 
designated for the product under the section titled “
Warranty information
”.
If your Service Provider determines that it is unable to repair your product, 
your Service Provider will replace it with one that is at least functionally 
equivalent. 
If your Service Provider determines that it is unable to either repair or replace 
your product, your sole remedy is to return the product to your place of 
purchase or to Lenovo for a refund of your purchase price.

--- Page 51 ---
Appendix B. Lenovo limited warranty
47
 Replacement of a product or part
When the warranty service involves the replacement of a product or part, the 
replaced product or part becomes Lenovo’s property and the replacement 
product or part becomes your property. Only unaltered Lenovo products and 
parts are eligible for replacement. The replacement product or part provided by 
Lenovo may not be new, but it will be in good working order and at least 
functionally equivalent to the original product or part. The replacement 
product or part shall be warranted for the balance of the period remaining on 
the original product.
Before your Service Provider replaces a product or part, you agree to: 
1
remove all features, parts, options, alterations, and attachments not under 
warranty service;
2
ensure that the product or part is free of any legal obligations or restrictions 
that prevent its replacement; and
3
obtain authorization from the owner to have your Service Provider service a 
product or part if you do not own it.
 Your additional responsibilities
Where applicable, before service is provided, you agree to: 
1
follow the service request procedures that your Service Provider specifies;
2
backup or secure all programs and data contained in the product;
3
provide your Service Provider with all system keys or passwords and 
sufficient, free, and safe access to your facilities to perform service; and
4
ensure that all information about identified or identifiable individuals 
(“Personal Data”) is deleted from the product or that, with respect to any 
Personal Data that you did not delete, you are in compliance with all 
applicable laws.

--- Page 52 ---
48
Appendix B. Lenovo limited warranty
 Use of personal information
If you obtain service under this warranty, Lenovo will store, use and process 
information about your warranty service and your contact information, 
including name, phone numbers, address, and e-mail address. Lenovo will use 
this information to perform service under this warranty and to improve our 
business relationship with you. We may contact you to inquire about your 
satisfaction regarding our warranty service or to notify you about any product 
recalls or safety issues. In accomplishing these purposes, we may transfer your 
information to any country where we do business and may provide it to entities 
acting on our behalf. We may also disclose it where required by law.
 What this warranty does not cover
This warranty does not cover the following:
• uninterrupted or error-free operation of a product; 
• loss of, or damage to, your data; 
• any software programs, whether provided with the product or installed 
subsequently;
• failure or damage resulting from misuse, accident, modification, unsuitable 
physical or operating environment, natural disasters, power surges, or 
improper maintenance by you;
• damage caused by a non-authorized service provider;
• failure of, or damage caused by, any third party products, including those 
that Lenovo may provide or integrate into the Lenovo product at your 
request; and
• any technical or other support, such as assistance with “how-to” questions 
and those regarding product set-up and installation.
This warranty is voided by removal or alteration of identification labels on the 
product or its parts.

--- Page 53 ---
Appendix B. Lenovo limited warranty
49
 Limitation of liability
Lenovo is responsible for loss or damage to your product only while it is: 1) in 
your Service Provider’s possession; or 2) in transit in those cases where the 
Service Provider is responsible for the transportation.
Neither Lenovo nor your Service Provider is responsible for any of your data 
including confidential, proprietary, or personal data contained in a product. 
You should remove and/or backup all such information from the product prior 
to its service or return.
Circumstances may arise where, because of a default on Lenovo’s part or other 
liability, you may be entitled to recover damages from Lenovo. In each such 
instance, regardless of the basis of your claim against Lenovo (including 
breach, negligence, misrepresentation, or other contract or tort claim), except 
and to the extent that liability cannot be waived or limited by applicable laws, 
Lenovo shall not be liable for more than the amount of actual direct damages 
suffered by you, up to the amount you paid for the product. This limit does not 
apply to damages for bodily injury (including death) and damage to real 
property or tangible personal property for which Lenovo is liable under law. 
This limit also applies to Lenovo’s suppliers, resellers, and your Service 
Provider. It is the maximum amount for which Lenovo, its suppliers, resellers, 
and your Service Provider are collectively responsible.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL LENOVO, ITS SUPPLIERS, 
RESELLERS, OR SERVICE PROVIDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY OF THE 
FOLLOWING EVEN IF INFORMED OF THEIR POSSIBILITY: 1) THIRD 
PARTY CLAIMS AGAINST YOU FOR DAMAGES; 2) LOSS OR DAMAGE 
TO YOUR DATA; OR 3) SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS 
REVENUE, GOODWILL OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS. AS SOME STATES 
OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR 
LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, THE 
ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

--- Page 54 ---
50
Appendix B. Lenovo limited warranty
 Dispute resolution
If you acquired the product in 
Cambodia
,
 Indonesia
,
 Philippines
,
 Vietnam or 
Sri Lanka
, disputes arising out of or in connection with this warranty shall be 
finally settled by arbitration held in Singapore and this warranty shall be 
governed, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of Singapore, 
without regard to conflict of laws. If you acquired the product in 
India
, 
disputes arising out of or in connection with this warranty shall be finally 
settled by arbitration held in Bangalore, India. Arbitration in Singapore shall be 
held in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of Singapore International 
Arbitration Center (“SIAC Rules”) then in effect. Arbitration in India shall be 
held in accordance with the laws of India then in effect. The arbitration award 
shall be final and binding on the parties without appeal. Any award shall be in 
writing and set forth the findings of fact and the conclusions of law. All 
arbitration proceedings, including all documents presented in such 
proceedings, shall be conducted in the English language, and the English 
language version of this warranty prevails over any other language version in 
such proceedings. 
 Other rights
THIS WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS AND YOU MAY 
HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE OR 
JURISDICTION TO JURISDICTION. YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER 
RIGHTS UNDER APPLICABLE LAW OR WRITTEN AGREEMENT WITH 
LENOVO. NOTHING IN THIS WARRANTY AFFECTS STATUTORY RIGHTS, 
INCLUDING RIGHTS OF CONSUMERS UNDER NATIONAL LEGISLATION 
GOVERNING THE SALE OF CONSUMER GOODS THAT CANNOT BE 
WAIVED OR LIMITED BY CONTRACT.
 European Economic Area (EEA)
Customers in the EEA may contact Lenovo at the following address: EMEA 
Service Organisation, Lenovo (International) B.V., Floor 2, Einsteinova 21, 851 
01, Bratislava, Slovakia. Service under this warranty for Lenovo hardware 
products purchased in EEA countries may be obtained in any EEA country in 
which the product has been announced and made available by Lenovo.

--- Page 55 ---
Appendix B. Lenovo limited warranty
51
Warranty information - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
If required, your Service Provider will provide repair or exchange service 
depending on the type of warranty service specified for your product and the 
available service. Scheduling of service will depend upon the time of your call, 
parts availability, and other factors.
Product or 
machine type
Country or region of purchase Warranty period
Types of 
warranty service
Notebook: 
20070, 4382 
20071, 4385
Korea, Taiwan
parts and labor - 
1 year
battery pack - 
1 year
3, 4
Singapore  1, 3, 4
India, China (Hong Kong S.A.R.), 
China (Macau S.A.R.)
1, 4
Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, 
Philipines, Vietnam, South Africa, 
Austria, Croatia, Egypt, Greece, 
Lithuania, Latvia, Cyprus, 
Slovenia, Estonia, Romania, Saudi 
Arabia, UAE, Algeria, Bahrain, 
Bosnia-Herzegovina, Kenya, 
Kuwait,  Macedonia, Nigeria, 
Oman, Qatar
Australia, New Zealand, Belgium, 
Denmark, Finland, France, 
Germany, Israel, Ireland, Italy, 
Luxembourg, Iceland, 
Netherlands, Norway, Spain, 
Sweden, Switzerland, the United 
Kingdom
, Japan
1, 3
United States of America, Canada, 
Mexico, Brazil, Argentina, 
Colombia, Peru, Venezuela, Bolivia, 
Uruguay, Chile, Paraguay, Ecuador
parts and labor - 
1 year limited 
warranty*
battery pack - 
1 year
1, 4
Russia, Ukraine, the Republic of 
Kazakhstan, Sri Lanka, 
Turkmenistan, Belarus
parts and labor - 
1 year
battery pack - 
1 year
4
Poland, Turkey, Czech Republic, 
Hungary, Slovakia, Bulgaria
parts and labor - 
2 years
battery pack - 
1 year
1, 4
* Excludes some components. 90-day limited warranty for power adapters, keyboards, plastics 
and hinges.

--- Page 56 ---
52
Appendix B. Lenovo limited warranty
 Types of warranty service
1
Customer Replaceable Unit (“CRU”) Service
Under CRU Service, your Service Provider will ship CRUs to you for 
installation by you. CRU information and replacement instructions are 
shipped with your product and are available from Lenovo at any time upon 
request. CRUs that are easily installed by you are called Self-service CRUs, 
while Optional-service CRUs may require some technical skill and tools. 
Installation of Self-service CRUs is your responsibility. You may request that 
a Service Provider install Optional-service CRUs under one of the other 
types of warranty service designated for your product. An optional service 
offering may be available for purchase from Lenovo to have Lenovo install 
Self-service CRUs for you. You may find a list of CRUs and their designation 
in the publication that ships with your product or at 
www.lenovo.com/CRUs
. The requirement to return a defective CRU, if any, 
will be specified in the materials shipped with a replacement CRU. When 
return is required: 1) return instructions, a prepaid return shipping label, 
and a container will be included with the replacement CRU; and 2) you may 
be charged for the replacement CRU if your Service Provider does not 
receive the defective CRU within thirty (30) days of your receipt of the 
replacement.
2
On-site Service
Under On-Site Service, your Service Provider will either repair or exchange 
the product at your location. You must provide a suitable working area to 
allow disassembly and reassembly of the Lenovo product. For some 
products, certain repairs may require your Service Provider to send the 
product to a designated service center.
3
Courier or Depot Service
Under Courier or Depot Service, your product will be repaired or 
exchanged at a designated service center, with shipping arranged by your 
Service Provider. You are responsible for disconnecting the product. A 
shipping container will be provided to you for you to return your product to 
a designated service center. A courier will pick up your product and deliver 
it to the designated service center. Following its repair or exchange, the 
service center will arrange the return delivery of the product to you.

--- Page 57 ---
Appendix B. Lenovo limited warranty
53
4
Customer Carry-In or Mail-In Service
Under Customer Carry-In or Mail-In Service, your product will be repaired 
or exchanged at a designated service center, with delivery or shipping 
arranged by you. You are responsible to deliver or mail, as your Service 
Provider specifies, (prepaid by you unless specified otherwise) the product, 
suitably packaged to a designated location. After the product has been 
repaired or exchanged, it will be made available for your collection. Failure 
to collect the product may result in your Service Provider disposing of the 
product as it sees fit. For Mail-in Service, the product will be returned to you 
at Lenovo’s expense, unless your Service Provider specifies otherwise.
5
Product Exchange Service
Under Product Exchange Service, Lenovo will ship a replacement product 
to your location. You are responsible for its installation and verification of 
its operation. The replacement product becomes your property in exchange 
for the failed product, which becomes the property of Lenovo. You must 
pack the failed product in the shipping carton used to ship the replacement 
product and return it to Lenovo. Transportation charges, both ways, are 
paid by Lenovo. Failure to use the carton in which the replacement product 
was received may result in your responsibility for damage to the failed 
product during shipment. You may be charged for the replacement product 
if Lenovo does not receive the failed product within thirty (30) days of your 
receipt of the replacement product.

--- Page 58 ---
54
Appendix C. Product specific Notices
The notices in this appendix are specific to the product with the given MT 
number. Notices that are common for most Lenovo products are included in 
“Appendix A. Notices” of the 
Lenovo Safety and General Information Guide
.
Energy star information  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
ENERGY STAR
®
 is a joint program of the U.S. Environmental Protection 
Agency and the U.S. Department of Energy aimed at saving money and 
protecting the environment through energy efficient products and practices.
Lenovo
®
 is proud to offer our customers products with an ENERGY STAR 
compliant designation. Lenovo computers of the following machine types, if 
the ENERGY STAR mark is affixed, have been designed and tested to conform 
to the ENERGY STAR 5.0 program requirements for computers.
• 20070, 4382
• 20071, 4385 
By using ENERGY STAR compliant products and taking advantage of the 
power-management features of your computer, you reduce the consumption 
of electricity. Reduced electrical consumption contributes to potential financial 
savings, a cleaner environment, and the reduction of greenhouse gas 
emissions.
For more information about ENERGY STAR, visit
http://www.energystar.gov
.
Lenovo encourages you to make efficient use of energy an integral part of your 
day-to-day operations. To help in this endeavor, Lenovo has preset the 
following power-management features to take effect when your computer has 
been inactive for a specified duration:

--- Page 59 ---
Appendix C. Product specific Notices
55
To awaken your computer from a Sleep mode, press any key on your 
keyboard. For more information about these settings, refer to your Windows 
Help and Support information system.
Table 1. ENERGY STAR power-management features
Windows
®
 7
Power plan: Energy Star
•Turn off the display: 
After 10 minutes
• Put the computer to sleep: 
After 25 minutes
• Advanced power settings:
- Turn off hard disks: 
After 20 minutes
- Hibernate: After 1 hour

--- Page 60 ---
56
Appendix C. Product specific Notices
Electronic emissions notices  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
The following information refers to Lenovo G465/G565, machine type 20070, 
4382/20071, 4385 .
 Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Statement
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a 
Class B digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are 
designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a 
residential installation. This equipment generates, uses, and can radiate radio 
frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the 
instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. 
However, there is no guarantee the interference will not occur in a particular 
installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or 
television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off 
and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more 
of the following measures:
• Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
• Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
• Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to 
which the receiver is connected.
• Consult an authorized dealer or service representative for help.
Properly shielded and grounded cables and connectors must be used in order 
to meet FCC emission limits. Proper cables and connectors are available from 
Lenovo authorized dealers. Lenovo is not responsible for any radio or 
television interference caused by using other than recommended cables or 
connectors or by unauthorized changes or modifications to this equipment. 
Unauthorized changes or modifications could void the user’s authority to 
operate the equipment.
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the 
following two conditions: (1) this device may not cause harmful interference, 
and (2) this device must accept any interference received, including 
interference that may cause undesired operation.

--- Page 61 ---
Appendix C. Product specific Notices
57
Responsible party:
Lenovo (United States) Incorporated 
1009 Think Place - Building One 
Morrisville, NC 27560 
U.S.A. 
Telephone: (919) 294-5900
 Industry Canada Class B Emission Compliance Statement
This Class B digital apparatus complies with Canadian ICES-003.
 Avis de conformité à la réglementation d’Industrie Canada
Cet appareil numérique de la classe B est conforme à la norme NMB-003 du 
Canada.
 German Class B Compliance Statement
Deutschsprachiger EU Hinweis: 
Hinweis für Geräte der Klasse B EU-Richtlinie zur Elektromagnetischen 
Verträglichkeit
Dieses Produkt entspricht den Schutzanforderungen der EU-Richtlinie 2004/
108/EG (früher 89/336/EWG) zur Angleichung der Rechtsvorschriften über 
die elektromagnetische Verträglichkeit in den EU-Mitgliedsstaaten und hält 
die Grenzwerte der EN 55022 Klasse B ein. 
Um dieses sicherzustellen, sind die Geräte wie in den Handbüchern 
beschrieben zu installieren und zu betreiben. Des Weiteren dürfen auch nur 
von der Lenovo empfohlene Kabel angeschlossen werden. Lenovo übernimmt 
keine Verantwortung für die Einhaltung der Schutzanforderungen, wenn das 
Produkt ohne Zustimmung der Lenovo verändert bzw. wenn 
Erweiterungskomponenten von Fremdherstellern ohne Empfehlung der 
Lenovo gesteckt/eingebaut werden.

--- Page 62 ---
58
Appendix C. Product specific Notices
Deutschland: 
Einhaltung des Gesetzes über die elektromagnetische Verträglichkeit von 
Betriebsmittein
Dieses Produkt entspricht dem “Gesetz über die elektromagnetische 
Verträglichkeit von Betriebsmitteln” EMVG (früher “Gesetz über die 
elektromagnetische Verträglichkeit von Geräten”). Dies ist die Umsetzung der 
EU-Richtlinie 2004/108/EG (früher 89/336/EWG) in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland.
Zulassungsbescheinigung laut dem Deutschen Gesetz über die 
elektromagnetische Verträglichkeit von Betriebsmitteln, EMVG vom 20. Juli 
2007 (früher Gesetz über die elektromagnetische Verträglichkeit von 
Geräten), bzw. der EMV EG Richtlinie 2004/108/EC (früher 89/336/EWG), für 
Geräte der Klasse B.
Dieses Gerät ist berechtigt, in Übereinstimmung mit dem Deutschen EMVG 
das EG-Konformitätszeichen - CE - zu führen. Verantwortlich für die 
Konformitätserklärung nach Paragraf 5 des EMVG ist die Lenovo 
(Deutschland) GmbH, Gropiusplatz 10, D-70563 Stuttgart. 
Informationen in Hinsicht EMVG Paragraf 4 Abs. (1) 4:
Das Gerät erfüllt die Schutzanforderungen nach EN 55024 und EN 55022 
Klasse B.

--- Page 63 ---
Appendix C. Product specific Notices
59
 European Union Compliance Statement Class B Compliance
European Union - Compliance to the Electromagnetic Compatibility Directive 
This product is in conformity with the protection requirements of EU Council 
Directive 2004/108/EC on the approximation of the laws of the Member States 
relating to electromagnetic compatibility. Lenovo cannot accept responsibility 
for any failure to satisfy the protection requirements resulting from a non-
recommended modification of the product, including the installation of option 
cards from other manufacturers.
This product has been tested and found to comply with the limits for Class B 
Information Technology Equipment according to European Standard EN 
55022. The limits for Class B equipment were derived for typical residential 
environments to provide reasonable protection against interference with 
licensed communication devices.
Properly shielded and grounded cables and connectors must be used in order 
to reduce the potential for causing interference to radio and TV 
communications and to other electrical or electronic equipment. Such cables 
and connectors are available from Lenovo authorized dealers. Lenovo cannot 
accept responsibility for any interference caused by using other than 
recommended cables and connectors.

--- Page 64 ---
60
Appendix D. Specifications
Model Name:  G465/G565
Machine Type:  20070, 4382/20071, 4385 
Note:
 The following specifications may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. 
Lenovo reserves the right to improve and/or change specifications at any time without notice. 
G465 G565
Form Factor
Size Appr. 340 mm × 231.8 mm × 
17.2~34.4 mm
Appr. 376.8 mm × 249.8 mm × 
17.3~34.9 mm
Weight Appr. 2.2 kg with 6 cell 
battery
Appr. 2.6 kg with 6 cell 
battery
System
Platform AMD Danube
Memory DDR3, 2 × SODIMM slot
LCD 14-inch LCD HD 15.6-inch LCD HD
HDD 2.5-inch, 9.5mm SATA
Keyboard 6-row Lenovo Keyboard
Integrated Camera 0.3/1.3 mega pixel camera
Battery 48Wh, 6 cells Li-ion battery
AC Adapter 20 V, 65 W/20 V, 90 W
I/O Ports
USB USB 2.0 port × 3
Communication RJ-45 port
Audio Headphone/Mic-in jack
Video VGA × 1
Media Slot 5 in 1 slot × 1 (MMC/SD/MS/MS PRO/xD)
Others
Kensington slot Yes

--- Page 65 ---
61
Trademarks
The following terms are trademarks or registered trademarks of Lenovo in 
the United States, other countries, or both.
Lenovo
VeriFace
OneKey
Microsoft and Windows are trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the 
United States, other countries, or both. 
Other company, products, or service names may be trademarks or service 
marks of others.

--- Page 66 ---
62
Index
AC adapter
Using.........................................................10
Battery
Charging..................................................10
Bluetooth
Connecting..............................................17
Camera
.....................................................3, 15
Frequently Asked Questions
........28
Function key combinations
............14
Hard disk drive
Problems..................................................33
Hibernation mode problems
........31
Keyboard
Problems..................................................31
Using.........................................................13
v
Lenovo Limited Warranty..............45
Meomory card reader
........................16
Microphone
Built-in........................................................3
Notice
Electronic emissions............................56
OneKey Rescue System button
.. 26
Password
Problems .................................................31
Using ........................................................21
Problems
Battery......................................................33
Computer screen..................................32
Display.....................................................30
Hard disk drive ....................................33
Hibernation mode................................31
Keyboard.................................................31
Password.................................................31
Sleep mode.............................................31
Sound .......................................................33
Startup .....................................................33
Security
.........................................................20
A
B
C
F
H
K
L
M
N
O
P
S

--- Page 67 ---
Index
63
Touchpad
.....................................................12
Troubleshooting
.....................................30
USB port
..................................................4, 17
VeriFace
Using.........................................................20
Warranty information
........................51
T
U
V
W

--- Page 69 ---
If your product is not working correctly, 
DO NOT RETURN IT TO THE STORE.
For technical assistance, contact a Lenovo 
support specialist 24 hours a day by calling toll 
free 1-877-4 LENOVO (1-877-453-6686).   
Additionally, you can find support information 
and updates on the Lenovo Web site located at 
http://consumersupport.lenovo.com.
* Only for the users from the United States.
First Edition (May 2010)
© Copyright Lenovo 2010. 
Before using the product, be sure to read Lenovo Safety and General 
Information Guide first.
The features described in this guide are common to most models. 
Some features may not be available on your computer and/or your 
computer may include features that are not described in this user 
guide.
Some instructions in this guide may assume that you are using 
Windows
®
 7. If you are using other Windows operating system, some 
operations may be slightly different. If you are using other operating 
systems, some operations may not apply to you.
LENOVO products, data, computer software, and services have been developed exclusively at private 
expense and are sold to governmental entities as commercial items as defined by 48 C.F.R. 2.101 with 
limited  and  restricted  rights  to  use,  reproduction  and  disclosure.  LIMITED  AND  RESTRICTED 
RIGHTS NOTICE: If products, data, computer software, or services are delivered pursuant a General 
Services Administration “GSA” contract, use, reproduction, or disclosure is subject to restrictions set 
forth in Contract No. GS-35F-05925.
Notes
•
•
•
The illustrations in this manual may differ from the actual product. 
Please refer to the actual product.
The illustrations used in this manual are for Lenovo G465 unless 
otherwise stated.
•
•

--- Page 70 ---
P/N: 147003411
Printed in China
Lenovo G465/G565
User Guide V1.0
Read the safety notices and important tips in the 
included manuals before using your computer.
©Lenovo China 2010
New World. New Thinking.
TM
www.lenovo.com

