Brand: KOGAN
Model: Kal14N700Pa
URL: https://www.manua.ls/kogan/kal14n700pa/manual
Total Pages: 16
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
ATLAS 14.1" N700 LAPTOP  
WITH WINDOWS 11 HOME (8GB, 128GB) 
KAL14N700PA

--- Page 2 ---
Ensure to read all instructions and warnings in this user guide prior to first use. Retain this 
user guide for future reference.  
 
•  This laptop is suitable for use in non-tropical areas below 2,000 metres. 
•  The supplied power adapter requires 12V and 2A to charge the laptop. Do not use any 
third party adapters to charge the laptop.   
•  Do not drop the laptop. 
•  Do not have the laptop strongly impacted by heavy objects or surroundings.   
•  Do not use the laptop for long periods in any environment where it is too cold, too hot 
(> 45°C), highly humid, or dusty.  
•  Do not expose the laptop to direct sunlight. 
•  Avoid using the laptop in areas with strong magnetic or static fields.  
•  Do not allow water or any other liquid to touch the laptop. If any water or other liquid 
splashes onto the laptop, close it immediately and unplug the power adapter. Do not 
use the laptop until it is completely dry.   
•  Do not attempt to modify or disassemble the laptop yourself. 
•  Regularly backup data stored in the laptop to avoid the risk of accidental data loss.  
•  Do not clean the laptop with any chemical detergents or other liquids to avoid 
causing damage.  
•  Replacing the laptop battery with the incorrect type may result in an explosion. 
Ensure to only use the original batteries. If further assistance is needed, contact 
help.Kogan.com.  
 
 
 
 
Ensure the laptop is switched off before cleaning.  
Wipe the laptop surface with a dry, soft cloth or paper towel. 
   
        SAFETY & WARNINGS 
CLEANING & CARE

--- Page 3 ---
Laptop 
     
Power adapter 
User guide 
Warranty card 
 
   
        COMPONENTS

--- Page 4 ---
Front view 
 
 
No.  Name  Description 
1  Camera  Used for photos, recording video, and video calls. 
2  Display  HD LCD display panel 
3  Microphones 
Built-in twin microphones can be used to record 
audio and interact in video calls.  
4  Indicator lights 
These respective indicators will illuminate when 
power, caps lock, or the digital key lock is used.  
5  Power button  Used to control the power status of the laptop.   
6  Keyboard 
QWERTY keyboard with Windows key and 
function options (for example, press Fn + F5 to 
mute audio playback).  
7  Trackpad 
Used as a mouse for on-screen navigation and 
gestures.  
8  Left/right trackpad buttons 
Used as the left and right-click buttons of a 
traditional mouse.  
        OVERVIEW 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8

--- Page 5 ---
Left view  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Right view 
 
 
 
 
 
 
No.  Name  Description 
9  Charging indicator  Illuminates red when the laptop is being charged. 
10  Charging port 
Plug the power adapter into the charging port to 
charge the laptop.  
11  USB 3.0 port 
Input for flash drives, additional keyboard/mouse, 
and other compatible devices supporting USB 3.0 
or older.   
12  Mini HDMI port 
Suitable for connecting a TV or external monitor 
using a mini HDMI cable (not supplied).  
13  microSD card slot 
microSD card reader suitable for transferring 
files.   
14  3.5mm audio port 
Suitable for connecting audio devices (for 
example, headphones, external speakers, 
amplifiers) using an AUX cable (not supplied).  
15  USB 2.0 port 
•  Input for flash drives, additional 
keyboard/mouse, and other compatible 
devices.  
•  This port does not support devices using USB 
3.0 or newer.  
 
 
   
9 
11 
12 
13 
14 
15 
10

--- Page 6 ---
Bottom view 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
No.  Name  Description 
16  HDD expansion slot 
Expansion slot for internal storage. This laptop fits 
a 7.5mm (2.5”) SATA 3.0 HDD with a maximum 
capacity of 1TB and is not compatible with other 
sizes. 
17  Speakers 
Two b u ilt-in speakers allowing for stereo audio 
output. 
16 
17

--- Page 7 ---
Plug one end of the power adapter into the charging port then plug the other end into a 
power outlet. Switch the power on at the outlet.  
The charging indicator should illuminate red.  
 
Press the power button to turn on the laptop. When the laptop is turned on for the first time, 
you may be asked to set up Windows 11. Follow the on-screen prompts to complete the 
setup.  
 
 
 
 
Desktop 
Once setup has finished, the laptop will boot onto the desktop. There may be icons on the 
desktop. These act as shortcuts to access applications. They can be accessed by  
double-clicking on the shortcut.  
   
GETTING STARTED 
Note: 
Ensure to charge the laptop for at least 3 hours prior to turning it on for the first time.   
 
USING WINDOWS 11 
Note: 
You may need to log into your Microsoft account for programs to run with full 
compatibility.  
 
Shortcuts

--- Page 8 ---
Start menu 
Click on the Windows icon at the bottom of the screen to bring up the start menu.   
Apps already installed on the computer can be accessed via the start menu. Recently used 
apps will be listed under the ‘Recent’ heading in the start menu for easy access.  
More apps can be installed via the Microsoft Store.  
 
 
Notification menu 
The notification menu is accessible by clicking on the time/date in the lower-right comer of 
the screen. It will show notifications such as updates, emails received, calendar reminders, 
and allows for quick access to settings (for example, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, brightness).  
 
 
 
   
Windows icon 
Microsoft Store

--- Page 9 ---
Multitasking 
Drag one window to the left or right side of the screen and let go when you can see an 
overlay of the window around half of the screen. You can then select another open window 
to fill the free space on the other half of the screen. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sleep, restart and shut down 
Click on the Windows icon on the bottom of the screen, then click on the power icon. Click 
on ‘Sleep’, ‘Restart’ or ‘Shut Down’ to perform the appropriate action.  
 
 
 
To wake up the laptop from sleep, press the power button. If the laptop is unresponsive, 
press and hold down the power button to shut down the laptop. Press the power button 
again to turn the laptop back on.  
 
   
Power icon

--- Page 10 ---
This laptop fits a 7.5mm (2.5”) SATA 3.0 HDD 
with a maximum capacity of 1TB and is not 
compatible with other sizes.  
Ensure the laptop is turned off before installing 
an external HDD (not supplied).  
1. Flip the laptop over and remove the two 
screws holding the HDD cover in place. 
Remove the cover.  
2. Place your HDD with the contacts facing on 
the right. This is where the contacts of the 
laptop are located. Slide the HDD to the 
right to install.  
3. Use the existing threading to screw the HDD 
into place. Once secured, place the cover 
back into position and resecure the screws 
removed from step 1.  
   
INSTALLING AN HDD 
Notes: 
•  Your HDD may be inserted with either 
side facing up, however, only one 
orientation will function correctly with 
the laptop. If you are unable to detect 
your HDD with one orientation, try to 
change the orientation of the HDD to 
show the other side.  
•  Be careful not to damage the contacts.  
•  Images are used for reference only.  
2 
3 
Screws

--- Page 11 ---
The laptop is not turning on  
•  The battery may have depleted. Charge for at least an hour before attempting to 
turn the laptop back on. 
•  Make note if any lights turn on, or if any internal components like fans turn on. 
 
The laptop is not charging 
Inspect the laptop, charging port, and power adapter for any physical damage. If damaged, 
stop use immediately and contact help.Kogan.com for assistance.  
 
The laptop is not connecting to Wi-Fi  
•  Restart your modem/router, or both if you have separate units. 
•  Reconnect any range extenders that may be in use. 
•  Restart the laptop. 
•  Move the laptop closer to the modem/router. 
•  Double-check that the Wi-Fi password is correct. 
•  If you can connect to Wi-Fi but it is running very slowly or has a weak signal, disconnect 
the laptop from the Wi-Fi network and reconnect. 
 
The laptop screen becomes dark when the power adapter is unplugged 
This will be occurring due to your power plan settings. Go to the Control Panel and change 
your power plan settings to allow the screen to remain on when the laptop is not 
charging/unplugged.  
 
Forgotten password 
There are several options to reset a Microsoft password. 
•  Using a password reset disc via USB. 
•  Resetting the Microsoft account password online with another device. 
•  Resetting Windows 11 back to the factory default. Be aware that doing this will delete 
all personal data stored on the laptop.  
 
TROUBLESHOOTING 
Note: 
If in storage for extended periods of time, it is recommended to periodically charge 
the laptop to keep the battery capacity high, as batteries naturally deteriorate and 
eventually die over time.

--- Page 12 ---
Display   
Screen size  14.1” 
Screen resolution  1366 x 768 
Performance   
CPU  Intel® Celeron® Processor N4020 
CPU speed  1.1–2.8GHz 
GPU  Intel® UHD Graphics 600 
Operating system  Windows 11 Home 
System memory (RAM)  8GB 
Power   
Battery capacity  5000mAh 
Battery type  Lithium-ion polymer battery 
Storage   
HDD slot  7.5cm (2.5”) SATA HDD up to 1TB 
Storage capacity  128GB 
Storage type  eMMC 
Ports   
3.5mm audio port  Yes 
Mini HDMI   x1, 1.4a 
USB 2.0  x1 
USB 3.0  x1 
MicroSD card slot  Yes, up to 128GB 
Connectivity   
Bluetooth  Yes, V4.2 
Wi-Fi  Yes 
Wi-Fi protocols  802.11b/g/n/ac 
SPECIFICATIONS

--- Page 13 ---
Audio   
Speaker  x2, 1W 
Other    
Dimensions  329 x 219 x 22.8mm 
Weight  1.26kg 
Built-in webcam  Yes

--- Page 16 ---
Need more information? 
We hope that this user guide has given you 
the assistance needed for a simple set-up. 
For the most up-to-date guide for your product, 
as well as any additional assistance you may require, 
head online to help.kogan.com

