Brand: KOGAN
Model: Atlas D500 Kal10D500Ha
URL: https://www.manua.ls/kogan/atlas-d500-kal10d500ha/manual
Total Pages: 12
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
ATLAS 10.1" 2-IN-1 D500 
TOUCHSCREEN LAPTOP 
KAL10D500HA

--- Page 2 ---
•  Thank you for buying this Kogan product. Please read all safety instructions before using 
your laptop computer. 
•  Read all instructions before using the device and retain for reference. 
•  This device must be used in an environment where the ambient temperature is 
between 5°C (41°F) and 35°C (95°F). 
•  Do not expose the device to rain or humidity and keep it away from liquids. If water or 
other liquid is spilled on the unit, switch off the unit immediately and wait until it is 
completely dry before turning it back on. 
•  Do not expose the device to solar radiation. 
•  Do not use strong solvents, liquid detergents or other chemicals on or near the surface 
of the device to prevent corrosion or deterioration of the surface. 
•  Do not expose the device to dusty environments. 
•  Do not use the device during a gas leak. 
•  Do not expose the device to strong magnetic or electrical fields. 
•  You can pass the device through airport X-ray detectors. However, it is recommended 
that you do not pass your device through the magnetic detection portals or expose it to 
portable detectors. 
•  Do not place any objects on the device. 
•  Do not place the device on an uneven or unstable surface. 
•  Ensure that the device is protected from falls or other shocks that may damage it. 
•  Do not leave the device on or in change on your knees or any other part of your body to 
avoid the risk of heat-related injuries. 
•  Turn off the unit before transporting or covering it with materials that do not allow for 
optimum air circulation. 
•  Do not use damaged power cords, accessories or other peripherals with your device. 
•  We recommend exclusively using the accessories (power supply. etc.) supplied with the 
device. Use only original batteries. Replacing the battery with an incorrect battery can 
lead to an explosion. Do not disassemble, modify or repair the device yourself, 
otherwise, your warranty may be voided. 
•  Please back up your important content regularly to avoid data loss. 
•  Only a technician authorized by Kogan is allowed to remove and handle the battery. 
•  Your battery may present a fire or burn hazard if removed or disassembled. 
•  Please observe the information on the device’s warning labels to prevent injury. 
•  There is a risk of explosion if the battery is replaced by an incorrect model. 
•  Do not throw the battery into the fire. 
•  Do not attempt to short-circuit the battery. 
•  Do not attempt to disassemble the battery or reassemble the battery. 
•  Stop using the battery if it leaks. 
•  The battery and its components must be recycled or disposed of properly. 
•  Keep the battery and its components out of the reach of children. 
   
                       SAFETY AND WARNINGS

--- Page 3 ---
CAUTION 
 
WARNING: SHOCK HAZARD. DO NOT OPEN. 
CAUTION: TO REDUCE THE RISK OF ELECTRIC SHOCK DO NOT REMOVE COVER (OR 
BACK). NO USER SERVICEABLE PARTS INSIDE. REFER TO QUALIFIED SERVICE 
PERSONNEL. 
 
The lightning flash with arrowhead symbol, within an equilateral triangle, is 
intended to alert the user to the presence of uninsulated “dangerous voltage” 
within the products enclosure that may be of sufficient magnitude to constitute a 
risk of electric shock to persons. 
 
The exclamation point within an equilateral triangle is intended to alert the user to 
the presence of important operating and maintenance (servicing) instructions in 
the literature accompanying the appliance. 
 
At full volume, prolonged listening to audio can damage the user’s hearing. 
 
Proper Disposal 
•  Do not throw your laptop in municipal waste. The symbol of the crossed 
out wheelie bin indicates that the product (electrical, electronic 
equipment and mercury-containing button cell battery) should not be 
placed in municipal waste. Check local regulations for disposing for 
electronic products. 
•  Do not throw the battery in municipal waste. The symbol of the crossed 
out wheelie bin indicates that the battery should not be placed in 
municipal waste.

--- Page 4 ---
A.  10.1” 2-in-1 Detachable Tablet 
B.  Power Adapter 
C.  User guide 
D.  Warranty card 
   
                       COMPONENTS

--- Page 6 ---
1. Camera 
This built-in camera can be used to take photos, record video or for use in video chats. 
 
2. Display 
High
-definition LCD display panel. 
 
3. Indicator
 lights 
Standby and Caps Lock lights.
 
 
4. Keyboard 
QWERTY keyboard with Windows key and function options; Hold the ‘Fn’ key while pressing 
function buttons (example, Fn + F3). 
 
5. Trackpad
 
The touchpad allows for onscreen navigation and use of gestures. Think of this as your 
computer’s built-in mouse. 
 
6. Left/right trackpad
 buttons 
Much like the left and right buttons on a traditional mouse, the trackpad features the same 
functionality.

--- Page 8 ---
7. Rear
 Camera 
This built-in camera can be used to take photos, record video or for use in video chats. 
 
8. Volume+/Volume- 
Increase or decrease volume for audio playback.
 
 
9. Power button
 
Press to turn laptop on. You can also use this button to enter sleep mode and to wake it from 
sleep mode. If the laptop is unresponsive, holding down the power button for an extended 
period of time will shut down the device. 
 
10. Microphones 
The built-in twin microphones can be used to record voice memos and for use in calls. 
 
11. Earphones 
Audio output connection for headphones. 
 
12. TYPE-C 
Type-C for Data transfer 
 
13.
 HDMI output 
Supports HDMI cable (not supplied) for linking with a TV or external monitor. 
 
14.
 USB 
Connect to a USB device. 
 
15.
 DC in 
Connect to the supplied power adapter. 
 
16. microSD card slot 
Card reader slot with microSD format support, ideal for importing photographs or expanding 
storage. 
 
17
. Speakers 
Built-in speakers for audio playback.

--- Page 9 ---
1. Connecting power supply
 
a.  Plug the power adapter into a suitable power outlet. 
b.  Insert adapter into the laptop’s power input port. The indicator light will show if 
power is being received. 
 
 
When connected, the laptop will automatically begin to charge. Ensure the battery has 
been charged for at least 3 hours before using without a power supply for the first time. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2. Power
 on the laptop 
a.  Press the power button.  
 
 
   
                     GETTING STARTED

--- Page 10 ---
Start Menu (3a) 
Clicking in the lower-le corner of the home 
screen will open Windows 10’s Start menu. 
Here you’ll be able to find all of your 
applications, shortcuts to the Documents 
and Pictures folders, as well as a shortcut to 
your laptop’s settings menu. 
 
 
 
 
Pinned Apps (3b) 
Some of the applications are “pinned” to the 
start menu, appearing in the large grid on 
the right-hand side of the start menu. This 
list can be customised to your preference at 
any time. 
 
 
 
 
Action
 Centre (3c) 
In the lower-right corner of the home 
screen, you will be able to expand the 
action centre. This includes many 
adjustable settings and any notifications 
and messages from apps.  
 
 
 
 
 
Power
 options, shutting down (3d) 
Also, in the Start menu, you’ll find the power 
options. Here you’ll be able to select either 
sleep, shut down or restart. To turn off your 
laptop safely, select shut down from this list. 
 
 
                USING WINDOWS 10

--- Page 11 ---
My Laptop isn’t turning on / isn’t charging 
•  Leave the unit on charge for at least an hour before attempting to turn the unit on. 
•  The battery may have naturally depleted and may take some time to recharge. If in 
storage for extended periods, it is recommended to periodically charge the unit to 
keep the battery capacity high, as batteries naturally deteriorate and eventually 
completely die over time. 
•  Make note if any lights turn on or if any internal components like fans turn on. 
•  Inspect the unit, charging port and power cord for any physical damage or debris. If 
you notice any damage to the power cord, please do not use it and contact 
help.kogan.com 
Wi-Fi connection isn’t working 
•  Restart your modem/router or both if you have separate units. 
•  Reconnect any range extenders that may be in use. 
•  Restart the device that is having issues. 
•  Try moving the device closer to the source. 
•  If you cannot connect at all, double-check that all passwords are correct. 
•  If you can connect but are getting weak or slow data, try disconnecting the device 
from the network manually and reconnect. 
Screen gets dark when unplugged 
•  This will be occurring due to your power plan settings. 
•  You can adjust your power plan settings through your control panel. 
How to connect Android phone to Windows 10 
•  When you plug in your phone to your PC via USB, you’ll see a notification up top 
with an option to select USB transfer options on your phone. 
•  Please check that you have selected either “Transfer files (MTP)” or “Transfer 
photos (PTP)” from the USB transfer options. 
I’ve forgotten my password 
•  There are several options to reset a Microsoft password. 
•  Use a password reset disc via USB. 
•  Reset Microsoft account password online with another device. 
•  Reset Windows back to the factory default. Please note, this will delete all personal 
files and settings. 
                    TROUBLESHOOTING

--- Page 12 ---
Need more information? 
We hope that this user guide has given you 
the assistance needed for a simple set-up. 
For the most up-to-date guide for your product, 
as well as any additional assistance you may require, 
head online to help.kogan.com

