Brand: KOGAN
Model: Atlas 133 Celeron K700
URL: https://www.manua.ls/kogan/atlas-133-celeron-k700/manual
Total Pages: 16
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
ATLAS 13.3” CELERON 
K700 LAPTOP  
WITH WINDOWS 11 PRO (4GB, 128GB) 
KAL13K700PA

--- Page 3 ---
Ensure to read all instructions and warnings in this user guide prior to first use. Retain this 
user guide for future reference. 
 
•  This laptop is suitable for use in non-tropical areas below 2,000 metres. 
•  The supplied power adapter requires 12V and 2A to charge the laptop. Do not use any 
third-party adapters to charge the laptop. 
•  Do not drop the laptop. 
•  Do not have the laptop strongly impacted by heavy objects or surroundings. 
•  Do not use the laptop for long periods in any environment where it is too cold, too hot  
(> 45°C), highly humid or dusty. 
•  Do not expose the laptop to direct sunlight. 
•  Avoid using the laptop in areas with strong magnetic or static fields. 
•  Do not allow water or any other liquid to touch the laptop. If any water or other liquid 
splashes onto the laptop, close it immediately and unplug the power adapter. Do not 
use the laptop until it is completely dry. 
•  Do not attempt to modify or disassemble the laptop yourself. 
•  Regularly back up data stored in the laptop to avoid the risk of accidental data loss. 
•  Do not clean the laptop with any chemical detergents or other liquids to avoid causing 
damage. 
•  Replacing the laptop battery with the incorrect type may result in an explosion. Ensure 
to only use the original batteries. If further assistance is needed, contact 
help.Kogan.com.  
•  Images used in this user guide are for reference only. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
       SAFETY & WARNINGS

--- Page 4 ---
A Laptop 
 
 
 
B Power adaptor  C User guide  D Warranty card 
       COMPONENTS

--- Page 5 ---
Front view 
 
 
No.  Name  Description 
1  Camera  Used for photos, recording video and video calls 
2  Display  HD LCD display panel 
3  Indicator lights  
These respective indicators will illuminate when the 
laptop is powered, or when the caps lock or touchpad 
lock is used. 
4  Keyboard 
QWERTY keyboard with Windows key and function 
options (for example, press F2 to mute audio playback) 
5  Trackpad  Used as a mouse for on-screen navigation and gestures 
6 
Left/right trackpad 
buttons 
Used as the left and right-click buttons of a traditional 
mouse 
7  Microphones 
Built-in microphones can be used to record audio and 
interact in video calls 
8  Power button  Used to control the power status of the laptop 
 
       OVERVIEW 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8

--- Page 6 ---
Left view 
 
 
 
 
Right view 
 
 
 
No.  Name  Description 
9  USB 3.0 port  
Input for flash drives, additional keyboard/mouse, and other 
compatible devices supporting USB 3.0 or older 
10  Mini HDMI port 
Suitable for connecting a TV or external monitor using a 
Mini HDMI cable (not supplied) 
11  USB Type-C port 
•  This port is used to charge the laptop with the provided 
adapter 
•  Suitable for connecting a device for data transfer 
•  Suitable for connecting a monitor for video playback 
12  microSD card slot  microSD card reader suitable for transferring files 
13  3.5mm audio port 
Suitable for connecting audio devices (for example, 
headphones, external speakers, amplifiers) using an AUX 
cable (not supplied) 
14  USB 2.0 port 
•  Input for flash drives, additional keyboard/mouse, and 
other compatible devices 
•  This port does not support devices using USB 3.0 or newer 
   
9 
10 
11 
12 
13 
14

--- Page 7 ---
Bottom view 
 
 
No.  Name  Description 
15  SSD expansion slot 
•  Expansion slot for internal storage 
•  This laptop fits a SATA 3.0 M.2 2280 SSD with a 
maximum capacity of 1TB and is not compatible with 
other sizes 
16  Speakers  Two built-in speakers allowing for stereo audio output 
 
   
15 
16

--- Page 8 ---
Plug one end of the power adapter into the charging port then plug the other end into a 
power outlet. Switch the power on at the outlet. 
The charging indicator should illuminate red. 
 
Press the power button to turn on the laptop. When the laptop is turned on for the first time, 
you may be asked to set up Windows 11. Follow the on-screen prompts to complete the 
setup. 
 
 
 
Desktop 
Once setup has finished, the laptop will boot onto the desktop. There may be icons on the 
desktop. These act as shortcuts to access applications. They can be accessed by  
double-clicking on the shortcut. 
GETTING STARTED 
Note:  
Ensure to charge the laptop for at least three hours prior to turning it on for the first 
time. 
  
Shortcuts 
Notes:  
You may need to log into your Microsoft account for programs to run with full 
compatibility. 
  
USING WINDOWS 11

--- Page 9 ---
Start menu  
Click on the Windows icon at the bottom of the screen to bring up the start menu.  
Apps already installed on the computer can be accessed via the start menu.  
Recently used apps will be listed under the ‘Recent' heading in the start menu for easy 
access.  
More apps can be installed via the Microsoft Store.  
 
 
 
Notification menu 
The notification menu is accessible by clicking on the time/date in the lower-right corner of 
the screen. It will show notifications such as updates, emails received, calendar reminders 
and allows for quick access to settings (for example, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, brightness). 
 
 
Microsoft Store 
Windows icon

--- Page 10 ---
Multitasking 
Drag one window to the left or right side of the screen and let go when you can see an 
overlay of the window around half of the screen. You can then select another open window 
to fill the free space on the other half of the screen.  
 
 
Sleep, restart and shut down  
Click on the Windows icon on the bottom of the screen, then click on the power icon. Click 
on ‘Sleep'. ‘Restart' or ‘Shut Down' to perform the appropriate action. 
 
 
To wake the laptop from sleep, press the power button. If the laptop is unresponsive, press 
and hold down the power button to shut down the laptop. Press the power button again to 
turn the laptop back on. 
   
Power icon

--- Page 11 ---
This laptop fits a SATA 3.0 M.2 2280 SSD with 
a maximum capacity of 1TB and is not 
compatible with other sizes.  
Ensure the laptop is turned off before installing 
an external SSD (not supplied). 
1. Flip the laptop over and remove the two 
screws holding the SSD cover in place. 
Remove the cover. 
2. Place your SSD with the contacts facing 
right. This is where the contacts of the 
laptop are located. Slide the SSD to the 
right to install. 
3. Use the existing threading to screw the 
SSD into place.  
4. Place the cover back into position and 
replace the screws removed from step 1.  
 
   
       INSTALLING SSD 
Screws 
Notes:  
•  Your SSD may be inserted with 
either side facing up, however, only 
one SSD orientation will function 
correctly with the laptop. If you are 
unable to detect your SSD with one 
orientation, try to change the 
orientation of the SSD to show the 
other side. 
•  Be careful not to damage the 
contacts.

--- Page 12 ---
The laptop is not turning on 
•  The battery may have depleted. Charge for at least an hour before attempting to 
turn the laptop back on. 
•  Note if any lights turn on or if any internal components (for example, fans) turn on 
 
 
The laptop is not charging 
Inspect the laptop, charging port, and power adapter for any physical damage. If damaged, 
stop use immediately and contact help.Kogan.com for assistance.  
 
The laptop is not connecting to Wi-Fi 
•  Restart your modem/router or both if you have separate units 
•  Reconnect any range extenders that may be in use 
•  Restart the laptop 
•  Move the laptop closer to the modem/router 
•  Double-check that the Wi-Fi password is correct 
•  If you can connect to Wi-Fi but it is running very slowly or has a weak signal, disconnect 
the laptop from the Wi-Fi network and reconnect 
 
The laptop screen becomes dark when the power adapter is unplugged  
This will be occurring due to your power plan settings. Go to the Control Panel and change 
your power plan settings to allow the screen to remain on when the laptop is not 
charging/unplugged. 
 
Forgotten password 
There are several options to reset a Microsoft password. 
•  Using a password reset disc via USB 
•  Resetting the Microsoft account password online with another device 
•  Resetting Windows 11 back to the factory default. Be aware that doing this will delete 
all personal data stored on the laptop. 
       TROUBLESHOOTING 
Notes:  
If in storage for extended periods of time, it is recommended to periodically charge the 
laptop to keep the battery capacity high, as batteries naturally deteriorate and 
eventually die over time.

--- Page 13 ---
Display 
Screen size  13.3" 
Screen resolution  1366 x 768 
Performance 
CPU  Intel® Celeron® Processor N4020 
CPU speed  1.1–2.8GHz 
GPU  Intel® UHD Graphics 600 
Operating system  Windows 11 Pro 
RAM  4GB 
Power 
Battery capacity  5000mAh 
Battery type  Lithium-ion polymer battery  
Storage 
Storage type  SSD 
Storage capacity  128GB 
SSD slot  SATA 3.0 M.2 2280 
Ports 
3.5mm audio port  Yes 
Mini HDMI  x1, 1.4a 
USB 2.0  x1 
USB 3.0  x1 
MicroSD card slot  Yes, up to 128GB 
   
       SPECIFICATIONS

--- Page 14 ---
Connectivity  
Bluetooth  Yes, V5.0 
Wi-Fi  Yes 
Wi-Fi protocols  802.11b/g/n/ac 
Audio   
Speaker  x2, 1W 
Other   
Dimensions  315.9 x 214.3 x 17.4mm 
Weight  1.26kg 
Built-in webcam  Yes

--- Page 15 ---
Ensure the laptop is switched off before cleaning. 
Wipe the laptop surface with a dry, soft cloth or paper towel. 
 
   
       CLEANING & CARE

--- Page 16 ---
Need more information? 
We hope that this user guide has given you 
the assistance needed for a simple set-up. 
For the most up-to-date guide for your product, 
as well as any additional assistance you may require, 
head online to help.kogan.com

