Brand: INTEL
Model: Nuc8I5Bek
URL: https://www.manua.ls/intel/nuc8i5bek/manual
Total Pages: 10
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
User Guide for NUC8i5BEK, NUC8i3BEK
 
1 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Intel® NUC Kit NUC8i5BEK 
Intel® NUC Kit NUC8i3BEK 
 
 
User 
Guide

--- Page 2 ---
User Guide for NUC8i5BEK, NUC8i3BEK
 
2 
 
Before You Begin 
 
  CAUTIONS 
The steps in this guide assume you’re familiar with computer terminology and with the safety 
practices and regulatory compliance required for using and modifying computer equipment. 
 
Disconnect the computer from its power source and from any network before performing any of the steps 
described in this guide.   
 
Failure to disconnect power, telecommunications links, or networks before you open the computer or 
perform any procedures can result in personal injury or equipment damage.  Some circuitry on the board 
can continue to operate even though the front panel power button is off. 
 
Follow these guidelines before you begin: 
  Always follow the steps in each procedure in the correct order. 
  Create a log to record information about your computer, such as model, serial numbers, 
installed options, and configuration information. 
  Electrostatic discharge (ESD) can damage components.  Perform the procedures described in 
this chapter only at an ESD workstation using an antistatic wrist strap and a conductive foam 
pad. If such a station isn’t available, you can provide some ESD protection by wearing an 
antistatic wrist strap and attaching it to a metal part of the computer chassis. 
 
Installation Precautions
 
 
When you install and test the Intel NUC, observe all warnings and cautions in the installation 
instructions. 
 
To avoid injury, be careful of: 
  Sharp pins on connectors 
  Sharp pins on circuit boards 
  Rough edges and sharp corners on the chassis 
  Hot components (such as SSDs, processors, voltage regulators, and heat sinks) 
  Damage to wires that could cause a short circuit 
 
Observe all warnings and cautions that instruct you to refer computer servicing to qualified 
technical personnel. 
 
Observe Safety and Regulatory Requirements 
If you don’t follow these instructions, you increase your safety risk and the possibility of noncompliance 
with regional laws and regulations.

--- Page 3 ---
User Guide for NUC8i5BEK, NUC8i3BEK
 
3 
 
 
This guide tells you how to: 
 
•
 
Install and remove memory 
•
 
Install an M.2 SSD 
•
 
Install a VESA mount bracket 
•
 
Connect power 
•
 
Install an operating system 
•
 
Install the latest device drivers and software 
 
 
Open the Chassis 
 
Unscrew the four corner screws on the bottom of the chassis and lift the cover. 
 
 
Installing and Removing Memory
 
 
Intel NUC Kits NUC8i5BEK and NUC8i3BEK have two 260-pin DDR4 SO-DIMM sockets. Memory 
requirements: 
  1.2V low voltage memory 
  2400 MHz SO-DIMMs  
  Non-ECC 
Find compatible 2.5” hard drives at the Intel® Product Compatibility Tool for: 
  Intel NUC Kit NUC8i5BEK 
  Intel NUC Kit NUC8i3BEK 
 
For a list of tested memory, go to the System Memory page on the Support site.

--- Page 4 ---
User Guide for NUC8i5BEK, NUC8i3BEK
 
4 
 
 
Install SO-DIMMs
 
 
If you plan to install just one SO-DIMM, install it in the lower memory socket. 
 
To install the SO-DIMMs, follow these steps: 
1.  Observe the precautions in "Before You Begin" on page 2. 
2.  Turn off all peripheral devices connected to the computer.  Turn off the computer and disconnect 
the AC power cord. 
 
 
 
3.  Align the small notch at the bottom edge of the SO-DIMM with the key in the socket. 
4.  Insert the bottom edge of the SO-DIMM into the socket. 
5.  When the SO-DIMM is inserted, push down on the outer edge of the SO-DIMM until the 
retaining clips snap into place. Make sure the clips are firmly in place. 
 
Removing SO-DIMMs 
To remove a SO-DIMM, follow these steps: 
1.  Observe the precautions in "Before You Begin" on page 2. 
2.  Turn off all peripheral devices connected to the computer.  Turn off the computer. 
3.  Remove the AC power cord from the computer. 
4.  Remove the computer’s cover. 
5.  Gently spread the retaining clips at each end of the SO-DIMM socket.  The SO-DIMM pops out of 
the socket. 
6.  Hold the SO-DIMM by the edges, lift it away from the socket, and store it in an anti-static 
package. 
7.  Reinstall and reconnect any parts you removed or disconnected to reach the SO-DIMM sockets. 
8.  Replace the computer’s cover and reconnect the AC power cord.

--- Page 5 ---
User Guide for NUC8i5BEK, NUC8i3BEK
 
5 
 
 
Install an M.2 SSD
 
 
Intel NUC Kits NUC8i5BEK and NUC8i3BEK support 80mm and 42mm SSDs. 
 
Find compatible M.2 SSDs at the Intel® Product Compatibility Tool: 
  NUC8i5BEK 
  NUC8i3BEK 
 
If you’re installing an 80mm M.2 SSD: 
 
1.  Remove the small silver screw from the 80mm metal standoff on the motherboard (A). 
 
2.  Align the small notch at the bottom edge of the M.2 card with the key in the connector. 
 
3.  Insert the bottom edge of the M.2 card into the connector (B). 
 
4.  Secure the card to the standoff with the small silver screw (C). 
 
 
 
If you’re installing a 42mm M.2 SSD: 
 
1.  Remove the small silver screw from the metal standoff on the motherboard (A). 
 
2.  Move the standoff (B) from the 80mm position to the 42mm position (C). 
 
3.  Align the small notch at the bottom edge of the M.2 card with the key in the connector. 
 
4.  Insert the bottom edge of the M.2 card into the connector (D). 
 
5.  Secure the card to the standoff with the small silver screw (E).

--- Page 6 ---
User Guide for NUC8i5BEK, NUC8i3BEK
 
6 
 
 
 
 
Close the Chassis
 
 
After all components have been installed, close the Intel NUC chassis. Intel recommends this be done by 
hand with a screwdriver to avoid over-tightening and possibly damaging the screws.

--- Page 7 ---
User Guide for NUC8i5BEK, NUC8i3BEK
 
7 
 
 
Attach and Use the VESA Bracket (Optional) 
 
Follow these instructions to attach and use the VESA mount bracket: 
 
1.  Using the four small black screws that were included in the box, attach the VESA bracket to the 
back of the monitor or TV. 
 
 
 
 
 
2.  Attach the two slightly larger black screws to the bottom chassis cover of the Intel NUC.

--- Page 8 ---
User Guide for NUC8i5BEK, NUC8i3BEK
 
8 
 
 
3.  Slide the Intel NUC onto the VESA mount bracket. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Connect Power 
 
Country-specific power cords are included in the Intel NUC Kit box.  
 
Connect AC power

--- Page 9 ---
User Guide for NUC8i5BEK, NUC8i3BEK
 
9 
 
 
 
Each Intel NUC model includes either a region-specific AC power cord or no AC power cord (only the power 
adapter). 
Product codes 
Power cord type 
BOXNUC8i5BEK 
BOXNUC8i3BEK 
 
No power cord included. An AC power cord needs to be purchased 
separately. Power cords are available at many Internet sites for use in 
multiple countries. The connector on the power adapter is a C5 type 
connector. 
 
BOXNUC8i5BEK1 
BOXNUC8i3BEK1 
 
US power cord included. 
BOXNUC8i5BEK2 
BOXNUC8i3BEK2 
 
EU power cord included. 
BOXNUC8i5BEK3 
BOXNUC8i3BEK3 
 
UK power cord included. 
BOXNUC8i5BEK4 
BOXNUC8i3BEK4 
 
Australia/New Zealand power cord included. 
 
 
Install an Operating System 
 
Refer to Supported Operating Systems for a list of Intel-validated Windows* operating systems and 
versions of Linux that have been reported as compatible by Intel NUC owners. 
 
Refer to Operating System Installation for system requirements and installation steps. 
 
Install the Latest Device Drivers and Software 
 
Here are the options for keeping device drivers current:  
  Allow the Intel® Driver & Support Assistant (Intel® DSA) to detect out-of-date drivers 
  Manually download drivers, BIOS, and software from Download Center. 
o  NUC8i5BEK 
o  NUC6i3BEK 
 
The following device drivers and software are available. 
  Intel® Chipset Device Software 
  Intel® HD Graphics 
  Intel® Management Engine 
  Intel® Gigabit Ethernet

--- Page 10 ---
User Guide for NUC8i5BEK, NUC8i3BEK
 
10 
 
  Intel® Wireless 
  Intel® Bluetooth 
  Intel Serial I/O 
  Thunderbolt™ Bus 
  Realtek* High Definition Audio 
  Realtek* Card Reader 
  ITE Tech* Consumer Infrared 
  Intel® Rapid Storage Technology 
  Intel® Software Guard Extensions

