Brand: INTEL
Model: Nuc5I5Myhe
URL: https://www.manua.ls/intel/nuc5i5myhe/manual
Total Pages: 12
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
Intel NUC Kit NUC5i3MYHE & NUC5i5MYHE User Guide 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Intel®
 NUC Kit 
NUC5i3MYHE 
Intel®
 NUC Kit 
NUC5i5MYHE
 
User 
Guide

--- Page 2 ---
Intel NUC Kit NUC5i3MYHE & NUC5i5MYHE User Guide 
2 
 
 
Before You Begin 
 
  CAUTIONS 
The procedures in this user guide assume familiarity with the general terminology associated with 
personal computers and with the safety practices and regulatory compliance required for using 
and modifying electronic equipment. 
 
Disconnect the computer from its power source and from any telecommunications link or network before 
performing any of the procedures described in this guide.  Failure to disconnect power, 
telecommunications links, or networks before you open the computer or perform any procedures can 
result in personal injury or equipment damage.  Some circuitry on the board can continue to operate 
even though the front panel power button is off. 
 
Follow these guidelines before you begin: 
  Always follow the steps in each procedure in the correct order. 
  Set up a log to record information about your computer, such as model, serial numbers, 
installed options, and configuration information. 
  Electrostatic discharge (ESD) can damage components.  Perform the procedures described in 
this chapter only at an ESD workstation using an antistatic wrist strap and a conductive foam 
pad.  If such a station is not available, you can provide some ESD protection by wearing an 
antistatic wrist strap and attaching it to a metal part of the computer chassis. 
 
Installation Precautions
 
 
When you install and test the Intel NUC, observe all warnings and cautions in the installation 
instructions. 
 
To avoid injury, be careful of: 
  Sharp pins on connectors 
  Sharp pins on circuit boards 
  Rough edges and sharp corners on the chassis 
  Hot components (such as SSDs, processors, voltage regulators, and heat sinks) 
  Damage to wires that could cause a short circuit 
 
Observe all warnings and cautions that instruct you to refer computer servicing to qualified 
technical personnel. 
 
Observe Safety and Regulatory Requirements 
If you do not follow these instructions, you increase your safety risk and the possibility of 
noncompliance with regional laws and regulations.

--- Page 3 ---
Intel NUC Kit NUC5i3MYHE & NUC5i5MYHE User Guide 
3 
 
 
This guide tells you how to: 
 
•
 
Install and remove memory 
•
 
Install a wireless card 
•
 
Install an M.2 SSD 
•
 
Install a 2.5” drive 
•
 
Install a VESA mount bracket 
•
 
Install an operating system 
•
 
Install the latest drivers 
 
 
Open the Intel NUC Chassis 
 
To open the Intel NUC chassis, follow these steps: 
1.  Unscrew the four corner screws on the bottom cover of the chassis and lift the cover. 
 
 
Installing and Removing Memory
 
 
Intel NUC Kits NUC5i3MYHE and NUC5i5MYHE have two 204-pin DDR3L SO-DIMM sockets. Memory 
requirements: 
  1.35V low voltage memory 
  1333 MHz or 1600 MHz SO-DIMMs  
  Non-ECC 
For a list of tested memory, go to the System Memory page on the Support site: 
 
Install SO-DIMMs
 
 
If you plan to install just one SO-DIMM, install it in the lower memory socket. 
 
To install the SO-DIMMs, follow these steps: 
1.  Observe the precautions in "Before You Begin" on page 2.

--- Page 4 ---
Intel NUC Kit NUC5i3MYHE & NUC5i5MYHE User Guide 
4 
 
 
2.  Turn off all peripheral devices connected to the computer.  Turn off the computer and 
disconnect the AC power cord. 
 
 
 
3.  Align the small notch at the bottom edge of the SO-DIMM with the key in the socket. 
4.  Insert the bottom edge of the SO-DIMM into the socket. 
5.  When the SO-DIMM is inserted, push down on the outer edge of the SO-DIMM until the 
retaining clips snap into place.  Make sure the clips are firmly in place. 
 
Removing SO-DIMMs 
To remove a SO-DIMM, follow these steps: 
1.  Observe the precautions in "Before You Begin" on page 2. 
2.  Turn off all peripheral devices connected to the computer.  Turn off the computer. 
3.  Remove the AC power cord from the computer. 
4.  Remove the computer’s cover. 
5.  Gently spread the retaining clips at each end of the SO-DIMM socket.  The SO-DIMM pops out of 
the socket. 
 
6.  Hold the SO-DIMM by the edges, lift it away from the socket, and store it in an anti-static 
package. 
7.  Reinstall and reconnect any parts you removed or disconnected to reach the SO-DIMM sockets. 
8.  Replace the computer’s cover and reconnect the AC power cord. 
 
Installing a 30mm M.2 Wireless Adapter 
 
Only the following wireless adapters have been evaluated for regulatory compliance for use with the Intel 
NUC Kits NUC5i3MYHE and NUC5i5MYHE in all regions: 
 
  Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 7260 + Bluetooth* 
  Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 7265 + Bluetooth* 
  Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 7265 (No vPro) 
  Intel® Dual Band Wireless-N 7265 + Bluetooth 
  Intel® Dual Band Wireless-N 7265 
  Intel® Wireless-N 7265 + Bluetooth 
 
The operation of any other wireless adapter with Intel® NUC Kits NUC5i3MYHE and NUC5i5MYHE, other 
than those listed above, may violate regulatory compliance requirements for your region. 
 
For more information on wireless adapters, go to: http://www.intel.com/support/wireless/wlan.

--- Page 5 ---
Intel NUC Kit NUC5i3MYHE & NUC5i5MYHE User Guide 
5 
 
  CAUTION 
When installing an M.2 wireless adapter on the Intel NUC, ensure that the adapter is fully seated in the 
connector before you power on the system.  If the adapter is not fully seated in the connector, an 
electrical short may result across the connector pins.  Depending on the over-current protection of the 
power supply, certain Intel NUC components and/or traces may be damaged. 
 
Follow these instructions to install a 30mm M.2 wireless adapter: 
1.  Observe the precautions in "Before You Begin" on page 2. 
 
2.  Remove the standoff from the 30mm position on the motherboard (A). 
 
 
 
3.  Align the small notch at the bottom edge of the wireless card with the key in the connector. 
 
4.  Insert the bottom edge of the wireless card into the connector (B).

--- Page 6 ---
Intel NUC Kit NUC5i3MYHE & NUC5i5MYHE User Guide 
6 
 
 
5.  Secure the wireless card to the motherboard with the standoff (C). 
 
 
 
 
6.  Remove the black tape holding the two wireless antennas. 
 
7.  Remove the clear plastic protective sleeve from the antenna wires (D).

--- Page 7 ---
Intel NUC Kit NUC5i3MYHE & NUC5i5MYHE User Guide 
7 
 
 
8.  Attach the antenna leads to the connectors on the wireless card (E). 
 
 
Install an M.2 SSD
 
 
Intel NUC Kits NUC5i3MYHE and NUC5i5MYHE support 80mm and 42mm M.2 SSDs. For a list of tested 
M.2 SSDs, go to the Tested Peripherals page on the Support site. 
 
  Observe the precautions in "Before You Begin" on page 2. 
 
If you are installing an 80mm M.2 SSD: 
 
1.  Remove the small silver screw from the 80mm metal standoff on the motherboard (A). 
 
2.  Remove the standoff from the 42mm position (B). 
 
3.  Align the small notch at the bottom edge of the M.2 card with the key in the connector. 
 
4.  Insert the bottom edge of the M.2 card into the connector (C). 
 
5.  Secure the card to the standoff with the small silver screw (D). 
 
 
 
If you are installing a 42mm M.2 SSD: 
 
1.  Remove the small silver screw from the metal standoff on the motherboard (A). 
 
2.  Align the small notch at the bottom edge of the M.2 card with the key in the connector. 
 
3.  Insert the bottom edge of the M.2 card into the connector (B).

--- Page 8 ---
Intel NUC Kit NUC5i3MYHE & NUC5i5MYHE User Guide 
8 
 
 
4.  Secure the card to the standoff with the small silver screw (C). 
 
 
 
Install a 2.5” SSD or Hard Drive
 
 
For a list of tested 2.5” hard drives, go to the Tested Peripherals page on the Support site. 
 
Follow these instructions to install a 2.5” Solid State Drive (SSD) or Hard Disk Drive (HDD): 
1.  Observe the precautions in "Before You Begin" on page 2. 
 
2.  Slide the 2.5” drive into the drive bay, ensuring the SATA connectors are fully seated into the 
connectors of the SATA daughter card (A).

--- Page 9 ---
Intel NUC Kit NUC5i3MYHE & NUC5i5MYHE User Guide 
9 
 
 
3.  Flip the chassis cover back into place over the motherboard (B). 
 
 
Close the Chassis
 
 
After all components have been installed, close the Intel NUC chassis. Intel recommends this be done by 
hand with a screwdriver to avoid over-tightening and possibly damaging the screws.

--- Page 10 ---
Intel NUC Kit NUC5i3MYHE & NUC5i5MYHE User Guide 
10 
 
 
Attach and Use the VESA Bracket (Optional) 
 
Follow these instructions to attach and use the VESA mount bracket: 
 
1.  Using the four small black screws that were included in the box, attach the VESA bracket to the 
back of the monitor or TV. 
 
 
2.  Attach the two slightly larger black screws to the bottom chassis cover of the Intel NUC.

--- Page 11 ---
Intel NUC Kit NUC5i3MYHE & NUC5i5MYHE User Guide 
11 
 
 
3.  Slide the Intel NUC onto the VESA mount bracket. 
 
 
Install an Operating System 
 
Refer to Supported Operating Systems for a list of Intel-validated Windows* operating systems, as well 
as versions of Linux that have been reported as compatible by Intel NUC owners. 
 
Refer to Operating System Installation for system requirements and installation steps.

--- Page 12 ---
Intel NUC Kit NUC5i3MYHE & NUC5i5MYHE User Guide 
12 
 
 
Install Intel NUC Drivers 
 
To download the latest Microsoft* Windows* drivers and BIOS updates, go to Download Center: 
 
Links: 
  Intel® NUC Kit NUC5i3MYHE 
  Intel® NUC Kit NUC5i5MYHE 
 
Drivers are available for the following features: 
  Audio 
  Chipset 
  Consumer Infrared 
  Graphics 
  Intel® ME  
  Intel® Rapid Storage Technology 
  Intel® Ready Mode Technology 
  LAN 
  NFC 
  USB 3.0

