Brand: INTEL
Model: Nuc8I3Beh
URL: https://www.manua.ls/intel/nuc8i3beh/manual
Total Pages: 10
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
User Guide for NUC8i7BEH, NUC8i5BEH, NUC8i3BEH
 
1 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Intel® NUC Kit NUC8i7BEH 
Intel® NUC Kit NUC8i5BEH 
Intel® NUC Kit NUC8i3BEH  
 
User Guide

--- Page 2 ---
User Guide for NUC8i7BEH, NUC8i5BEH, NUC8i3BEH
 
2 
 
 
Before You Begin 
 
  CAUTIONS 
The steps in this guide assume you’re familiar with computer terminology and with the safety 
practices and regulatory compliance required for using and modifying computer equipment. 
 
Disconnect the computer from its power source and from any network before performing any of the steps 
described in this guide.   
 
Failure to disconnect power, telecommunications links, or networks before you open the computer or 
perform any procedures can result in personal injury or equipment damage.  Some circuitry on the board 
can continue to operate even though the front panel power button is off. 
 
Follow these guidelines before you begin: 
  Always follow the steps in each procedure in the correct order. 
  Create a log to record information about your computer, such as model, serial numbers, 
installed options, and configuration information. 
  Electrostatic discharge (ESD) can damage components.  Perform the procedures described in 
this chapter only at an ESD workstation using an antistatic wrist strap and a conductive foam 
pad. If such a station isn’t available, you can provide some ESD protection by wearing an 
antistatic wrist strap and attaching it to a metal part of the computer chassis. 
 
Installation Precautions
 
 
When you install and test the Intel NUC, observe all warnings and cautions in the installation 
instructions. 
 
To avoid injury, be careful of: 
  Sharp pins on connectors 
  Sharp pins on circuit boards 
  Rough edges and sharp corners on the chassis 
  Hot components (such as SSDs, processors, voltage regulators, and heat sinks) 
  Damage to wires that could cause a short circuit 
 
Observe all warnings and cautions that instruct you to refer computer servicing to qualified 
technical personnel. 
 
Observe Safety and Regulatory Requirements 
If you don’t follow these instructions, you increase your safety risk and the possibility of noncompliance 
with regional laws and regulations.

--- Page 3 ---
User Guide for NUC8i7BEH, NUC8i5BEH, NUC8i3BEH
 
3 
 
 
This guide tells you how to: 
 
•
 
Install and remove memory 
•
 
Install an M.2 SSD 
•
 
Install a 2.5” drive 
•
 
Install a VESA mount bracket 
•
 
Connect power 
•
 
Install an operating system 
•
 
Install the latest drivers 
 
 
Open the Chassis 
 
To open the Intel NUC chassis, follow these steps: 
 
1.  Unscrew the four corner screws on the bottom cover of the chassis and lift the cover.

--- Page 4 ---
User Guide for NUC8i7BEH, NUC8i5BEH, NUC8i3BEH
 
4 
 
Installing and Removing Memory
 
 
Intel NUC Kits NUC8i7BEH, NUC8i5BEH, and NUC8i3BEH have two 260-pin DDR4 SO-DIMM sockets. Be 
sure to select memory modules that meet these requirements: 
  1.2V low voltage memory 
  2400 MHz SO-DIMMs  
  Non-ECC 
Find compatible memory modules in the Intel Product Compatibility Tool 
  NUC8i7BEH 
  NUC8i5BEH 
  NUC8i3BEH 
 
 
NOTE 
If you plan to install only one memory module, install it in the lower memory 
socket. 
 
To install memory, follow these steps: 
 
1.  Observe the precautions in "Before You Begin" on page 2. 
2.  Turn off all peripheral devices connected to the computer.  Turn off the computer and 
disconnect the power cord. 
3.  Remove the computer’s bottom chassis cover. 
 
 
 
4.  Align the small space at the bottom edge of the memory module with the key in the socket. 
5.  Insert the bottom edge of the module at a 45 degree angle into the socket (A). 
6.  When the module is inserted, push down on the outer edge of module until the retaining 
clips snap into place (B). Make sure the clips are firmly in place (C). 
 
To remove a SO-DIMM, follow these steps: 
 
1.  Observe the precautions in "Before You Begin" on page 2. 
2.  Turn off all peripheral devices connected to the computer.  Turn off the computer and disconnect 
the power cord. 
3.  Remove the computer’s bottom chassis cover. 
4.  Gently spread the retaining clips at each end of the memory socket, which causes the module to 
pop out of the socket (C). 
5.  Holding the module by the edges, lift it away from the socket, and store it in an anti-static package. 
6.  Reinstall and reconnect any parts you removed or disconnected to reach the memory sockets. 
7.  Replace the computer’s cover and reconnect the power cord.

--- Page 5 ---
User Guide for NUC8i7BEH, NUC8i5BEH, NUC8i3BEH
 
5 
 
 
Install an M.2 SSD or Intel® Optane™ Memory Module
 
 
The Intel NUC Kits NUC8i7BEH, NUC8i5BEH, and NUC8i3BEH support an 80mm or 42mm SSD.  
 
Find compatible M.2 SSDs in the Intel Product Compatibility Tool 
  NUC8i7BEH 
  NUC8i5BEH 
  NUC8i3BEH 
 
NOTE 
Before changing the Intel Optane memory module, it needs to be disabled. Follow Removing 
Intel Optane Memory on this page first, before taking the module out. 
 
To Change an M.2 SSD: 
 
1.  Remove the small silver screw from the 80mm or 42mm metal standoff on the board (A). 
 
2.  Remove the pre-installed SSD/Intel Optane Memory from the connector.  
 
3.  Align the space at the bottom of the new M.2 SSD to the key on the connector. 
 
4.  Insert the bottom edge of the M.2 SSD into the connector (B). 
 
5.  Secure the card to the standoff with the small silver screw (C).

--- Page 6 ---
User Guide for NUC8i7BEH, NUC8i5BEH, NUC8i3BEH
 
6 
 
Install a 2.5” SSD or Hard Drive
 
 
The Intel NUC Kits NUC8i7BEH, NUC8i5BEH, and NUC8i3BEH support an additional 2.5” Solid State Drive 
(SSD) or Hard Disk Drive (HDD). 
 
Find compatible 2.5” drives in the Intel Product Compatibility Tool: 
  NUC8i7BEH 
  NUC8i5BEH 
  NUC8i3BEH 
 
1.  Slide the new 2.5” drive into the drive bay, ensuring the SATA connectors are fully seated into the 
connectors of the SATA daughter card (A). 
 
 
2.  Secure the drive into the drive bay with the two small silver screws that were included in the box (B). 
Set the drive bay bracket down inside the chassis (C).

--- Page 7 ---
User Guide for NUC8i7BEH, NUC8i5BEH, NUC8i3BEH
 
7 
 
 
 
 
Close the Chassis
 
 
After all components have been installed, close the Intel NUC chassis. Intel recommends this be done by 
hand with a screwdriver to avoid over-tightening and possibly damaging the screws.

--- Page 8 ---
User Guide for NUC8i7BEH, NUC8i5BEH, NUC8i3BEH
 
8 
 
 
Attach and Use the VESA Bracket (Optional) 
 
Follow these instructions to attach and use the VESA mount bracket: 
 
1.  Using the four small black screws that were included in the box, attach the VESA bracket to the 
back of the monitor or TV. 
 
 
 
 
 
2.  Attach the two slightly larger black screws to the bottom chassis cover of the Intel NUC.

--- Page 9 ---
User Guide for NUC8i7BEH, NUC8i5BEH, NUC8i3BEH
 
9 
 
 
3.  Slide the Intel NUC onto the VESA mount bracket. 
 
 
Connect Power 
Country-specific power cords are included in the Intel NUC Kit box.  
 
Connect AC power 
 
 
 
 
Each Intel NUC model includes either a region-specific AC power cord or no AC power cord (only the power 
adapter). 
 
Product codes 
Power cord type 
BOXNUC8i7BEH 
BOXNUC8i5BEH 
BOXNUC8i3BEH 
 
No power cord included. An AC power cord needs to be purchased 
separately. Power cords are available at many Internet sites for use in 
multiple countries. The connector on the power adapter is a C5 type 
connector. 
 
BOXNUC8i7BEH1 
US power cord included.

--- Page 10 ---
User Guide for NUC8i7BEH, NUC8i5BEH, NUC8i3BEH
 
10 
 
BOXNUC8i5BEH1 
BOXNUC8i3BEH1 
 
BOXNUC8i7BEH2 
BOXNUC8i5BEH2 
BOXNUC8i3BEH2 
 
EU power cord included. 
BOXNUC8i7BEH3 
BOXNUC8i5BEH3 
BOXNUC8i3BEH3 
 
UK power cord included. 
BOXNUC8i7BEH4 
BOXNUC8i5BEH4 
BOXNUC8i3BEH4 
 
Australia/New Zealand power cord included. 
 
 
 
Install an Operating System 
 
Refer to Supported Operating Systems for a list of Intel-validated Windows* operating systems and 
versions of Linux that have been reported as compatible by Intel NUC owners. 
 
Refer to Operating System Installation for system requirements and installation steps. 
 
Install Intel NUC Drivers 
 
To download the latest Microsoft* Windows* drivers and BIOS updates, use the Intel® Driver & Support 
Assistant (Intel® DSA) or go to Download Center: 
 
  NUC8i7BEH 
  NUC8i5BEH 
  NUC8i3BEH 
 
Drivers are available for the following features: 
 
  Realtek* Audio 
  Intel® Bluetooth 
  Intel® Chipset 
  ITE* Consumer Infrared 
  Intel® Graphics 
  Intel® ME  
  Intel® Rapid Storage Technology 
  Intel® Ready Mode Technology 
  Intel® LAN (wired and wireless) 
  Thunderbolt™  
  Card Reader Driver

