Brand: INTEL
Model: Nuc 8 Enthusiast
URL: https://www.manua.ls/intel/nuc-8-enthusiast/manual
Total Pages: 13
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
User Guide for Intel® NUC 8 
NUC8i7HNKQC and NUC8i7HVKVA
 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Intel® NUC 8 Business, a Mini PC with Windows® 10 – NUC8i7HNKQC 
Intel® NUC 8 Enthusiast, a Mini PC with Windows® 10 – NUC8i7HVKVA 
 
 
User 
Guide

--- Page 2 ---
User Guide for Intel® NUC 8 
NUC8i7HNKQC and NUC8i7HVKVA
 
2 
 
 
 
Before You Begin 
 
  CAUTIONS 
The procedures in this user guide assume familiarity with the general terminology associated with 
personal computers and with the safety practices and regulatory compliance required for using 
and modifying electronic equipment. 
 
Disconnect the computer from its power source and from any telecommunications link or network before 
performing any of the procedures described in this guide.  Failure to disconnect power, 
telecommunications links, or networks before you open the computer or perform any procedures can 
result in personal injury or equipment damage.  Some circuitry on the board can continue to operate even 
though the front panel power button is off. 
 
Follow these guidelines before you begin: 
  Always follow the steps in each procedure in the correct order. 
  Set up a log to record information about your computer, such as model, serial numbers, 
installed options, and configuration information. 
  Electrostatic discharge (ESD) can damage components.  Perform the procedures described in 
this chapter only at an ESD workstation using an antistatic wrist strap and a conductive foam 
pad.  If such a station is not available, you can provide some ESD protection by wearing an 
antistatic wrist strap and attaching it to a metal part of the computer chassis. 
 
Installation Precautions 
 
When you install and test the Intel NUC, observe all warnings and cautions in the installation 
instructions. 
 
To avoid injury, be careful of: 
  Sharp pins on connectors 
  Sharp pins on circuit boards 
  Rough edges and sharp corners on the chassis 
  Hot components (such as SSDs, processors, voltage regulators, and heat sinks) 
  Damage to wires that could cause a short circuit 
 
Observe all warnings and cautions that instruct you to refer computer servicing to qualified technical 
personnel. 
 
Observe Safety and Regulatory Requirements 
If you do not follow these instructions, you increase your safety risk and the possibility of 
noncompliance with regional laws and regulations.

--- Page 3 ---
User Guide for Intel® NUC 8 
NUC8i7HNKQC and NUC8i7HVKVA
 
3 
 
 
This guide tells you how to: 
 
•
 
Open and Close the Chassis 
•
 
Install and Remove Memory 
•
 
Install an M.2 SSD 
•
 
Install a VESA Mount Bracket 
•
 
Connect Power 
•
 
Install an Operating System 
•
 
Install the latest device drivers and software 
•
 
Operating System Recovery 
 
 
Open the Intel NUC Chassis 
 
To open the Intel NUC chassis, follow these steps: 
 
1.  Using the included hex wrench, unscrew the six screws on the top cover of the chassis and lift the 
cover.

--- Page 4 ---
User Guide for Intel® NUC 8 
NUC8i7HNKQC and NUC8i7HVKVA
 
4 
 
 
 
 
2.  Detach the cable from the top of the NUC. 
 
 
 
 
3.  Unscrew the single screw to release the top plate.

--- Page 5 ---
User Guide for Intel® NUC 8 
NUC8i7HNKQC and NUC8i7HVKVA
 
5 
 
 
Installing and Removing Memory 
 
The Intel NUC 8 Business - NUC8i7HNKQC and Intel NUC 8 Enthusiast - NUC8i7HVKVA have two 260-pin 
DDR4 SO-DIMM sockets. Although these NUCs come with both memory slots filled, follow these steps if 
memory is removed or installed.  
Pre-installed memory  
Intel® NUC 8 Business, a Mini PC with Windows® 10 – NUC8i7HNKQC 
Two 8GB memory 
modules 
16GB total 
Intel® NUC 8 Enthusiast, a Mini PC with Windows® 10 – NUC8i7HVKVA 
Two 8GB memory 
modules 
16GB total 
 
Memory requirements: 
  1.2V low voltage memory 
  2400 MHz SO-DIMMs  
  Non-ECC 
 
Find tested memory at the Intel® Product Compatibility Tool: 
  NUC8i7HNKQC 
  NUC8i7HVKVA 
 
 
NOTE 
If only installing one SO-DIMM, install it in the lower memory socket. 
 
To install memory, follow these steps: 
1.  Observe the precautions in "Before You Begin" on page 2. 
2.  Turn off all peripheral devices connected to the computer.  Turn off the computer and disconnect 
the AC power cord.

--- Page 6 ---
User Guide for Intel® NUC 8 
NUC8i7HNKQC and NUC8i7HVKVA
 
6 
 
 
 
3.  Align the small notch at the bottom edge of the SO-DIMM with the key in the socket. 
4.  Insert the bottom edge of the SO-DIMM into the socket. 
5.  When the SO-DIMM is inserted, push down on the outer edge of the SO-DIMM until the 
retaining clips snap into place.  Make sure the clips are firmly in place. 
 
To remove memory, follow these steps: 
1.  Observe the precautions in “Before You Begin” on page 2. 
2.  Turn off all peripheral devices connected to the computer.  Turn off the computer. 
3.  Remove the AC power cord from the computer. 
4.  Remove the computer’s cover. 
5.  Gently spread the retaining clips at each end of the SO-DIMM socket.  The SO-DIMM pops out of 
the socket. 
6.  Hold the SO-DIMM by the edges, lift it away from the socket, and store it in an anti-static package. 
7.  Reinstall and reconnect any parts you removed or disconnected to reach the SO-DIMM sockets. 
8.  Replace the computer’s cover and reconnect the AC power cord. 
 
Installing an M.2 SSD 
 
The Intel NUC 8 Business - NUC8i7HNKQC and Intel NUC 8 Enthusiast - NUC8i7HVKVA support both 
80mm and 42mm SSDs. 
 
Find compatible M.2 SSDs at the Intel® Product Compatibility Tool: 
  NUC8i7HNKQC 
  NUC8i7HVKVA 
 
 
To install an 80mm M.2 SSD: 
 
1.  Remove the small silver screw from the 80mm metal standoff on the motherboard (A). 
2.  Align the small notch at the bottom edge of the M.2 card with the key in the connector. 
3.  Insert the bottom edge of the M.2 card into the connector (B). 
4.  Secure the card to the standoff with the small silver screw (C).

--- Page 7 ---
User Guide for Intel® NUC 8 
NUC8i7HNKQC and NUC8i7HVKVA
 
7 
 
 
 
To install a 42mm M.2 SSD: 
 
1.  Remove the small silver screw from the metal standoff on the motherboard (A). 
2.  Move the standoff (B) from the 80mm position to the 42mm position (C). 
3.  Align the small notch at the bottom edge of the M.2 card with the key in the connector. 
4.  Insert the bottom edge of the M.2 card into the connector (D). 
5.  Secure the card to the standoff with the small silver screw (E). 
 
 
 
 
Closing the Chassis 
 
After all the components have been installed, close the Intel NUC chassis. Intel recommends this be done 
by hand with a screwdriver to avoid over-tightening and possibly damaging the screws. 
 
1.  Place the top plate on the NUC chassis.

--- Page 8 ---
User Guide for Intel® NUC 8 
NUC8i7HNKQC and NUC8i7HVKVA
 
8 
 
 
 
2.  Reattach the cable and secure the top plate with a screwdriver. 
 
 
 
 
 
3.  Place the top lid on the NUC and use the hex tool to tighten all the screws.

--- Page 9 ---
User Guide for Intel® NUC 8 
NUC8i7HNKQC and NUC8i7HVKVA
 
9 
 
 
Attaching and Using the VESA Bracket (Optional) 
 
Follow these instructions to attach and use the VESA mount bracket: 
 
1.  Using the four small black screws that were included in the box, attach the VESA bracket to the 
back of the monitor or TV. 
 
 
 
2.  Attach the two slightly larger black screws to the bottom chassis cover of the Intel NUC.

--- Page 10 ---
User Guide for Intel® NUC 8 
NUC8i7HNKQC and NUC8i7HVKVA
 
10 
 
 
 
3.  Slide the Intel NUC onto the VESA mount bracket.

--- Page 11 ---
User Guide for Intel® NUC 8 
NUC8i7HNKQC and NUC8i7HVKVA
 
11 
 
 
Power 
 
Each Intel NUC box includes a region-specific AC power cord, or no AC power cord (only the power 
adapter). 
 
Product codes 
Power cord type 
BOXNUC8i7HNKQC 
BOXNUC8I7HVKVA 
No power cord included. An AC power cord needs to be purchased 
separately. The connector on the power adapter is a C13 type connector. 
 
BOXNUC8i7HNKQC1 
BOXNUC8I7HVKVA1 
US power cord included. 
 
BOXNUC8i7HNKQC2 
BOXNUC8I7HVKVA2 
EU power cord included. 
 
 
BOXNUC8i7HNKQC3 
BOXNUC8I7HVKVA3 
UK power cord included. 
 
BOXNUC8i7HNKQC4 
BOXNUC8I7HVKVA4 
Australia/New Zealand power cord included. 
 
BOXNUC8I7HVKVA6 
China power cord included. 
 
 
Connect the power cord to the adapter (A). Plug the power adapter into the wall (B).  Lastly, plug the 
power into the NUC (C).

--- Page 12 ---
User Guide for Intel® NUC 8 
NUC8i7HNKQC and NUC8i7HVKVA
 
12 
 
 
Set Up Microsoft® Windows® 10 
 
Microsoft Windows 10 is already installed on the Intel NUC. The first time you start the computer, you are 
guided through the Windows 10 setup steps, including: 
 
  Selecting your region and language.  
  Accepting the Microsoft Windows license terms.  
  Personalizing Windows and assign a PC Name.  
  "Get Online" dialog to pick a wireless network (this step is optional).  
  Choosing Express Settings or Customize.  
  Assigning a User Name and Password.  
 
Reinstalling the Operating System 
If you upgrade or replace the computer’s drive, you may need to install a new version of the operating 
system. See these resources: 
  Supported Operating Systems 
  Windows Setup Guide 
 
Install the Latest Device Drivers and Software 
 
Here are the options for keeping device drivers current:  
  Allow the Intel® Driver & Support Assistant (Intel® DSA) to detect out-of-date drivers. 
  Manually download drivers, BIOS, and software from Download Center: 
  NUC8i7HNKQC 
  NUC8i7HVKVA 
The following device drivers and software are available. 
  Intel® Chipset Device Software 
  Intel® HD Graphics 
  Radeon™ RX Vega M Graphics 
  Intel® Wireless 
  Intel® Bluetooth 
  Intel® Gigabit Ethernet 
  Intel® Management Engine 
  Intel® Rapid Storage Technology 
  Intel® Serial IO 
  Thunderbolt™ Bus 
  USB Type C Power Delivery  
  Realtek* High Definition Audio 
  Bay Hub* SD Card Reader 
  ITE Tech* Consumer Infrared 
  Intel® Software Guard Extensions 
  Intel® Rapid Storage Technology 
  Intel® LED Manager 
 
NOTE 
This NUC requires both the Intel® HD Graphics driver and the Radeon™ RX Vega M Graphics 
driver to be installed.

--- Page 13 ---
User Guide for Intel® NUC 8 
NUC8i7HNKQC and NUC8i7HVKVA
 
13 
 
 
 
Operating System Recovery 
 
There’s a Windows recovery partition on the Intel NUC. You can use this partition to Refresh, Reset, or 
Restore Windows. Here is what each of these actions do: 
 
Refresh  
 
If your PC isn't performing as well as it once did, and you don't know why, you can 
refresh your PC. This action doesn’t delete any of your personal files or change your 
settings. Refresh does the following: 
 
  Files and personalization settings won’t change.  
  PC settings are changed back to their defaults.  
  Apps from the Windows Store are kept.  
  Apps installed from disks or websites are removed.  
  List of removed apps is saved on the desktop. 
 
Reset  
 
If you want to recycle your PC, give it away, or start over with it, you can reset it 
completely. This process removes everything. Reset does the following: 
 
  All personal files and apps are removed.  
  PC settings are changed back to their defaults.  
  Windows is reinstalled. 
 
Restore 
If a recently installed app or driver is causing problems with your PC, you can 
restore Windows back to an earlier point in time, called a restore point. System 
Restore doesn’t change your personal files, but it can remove recently installed 
apps and drivers. 
 
 
Caution - Before performing a Refresh or Reset: 
 
  Make sure to back up all personal data to external storage.  
  Remove SD card from the card slot, if one is inserted. 
  
 To access the recovery media: 
 
If Windows starts 
 
From Windows Start, type Recovery and select Recovery Options.  
 
See Recovery options in Windows 10 for complete details on how 
to use the recovery options. 
 
If Windows doesn’t start 
The recovery process should automatically start. If Recovery 
doesn’t automatically start, you can try to initiate it as follows: 
 
1.  Press F8 during boot, when you see the prompt “F8 to 
Activate Windows 8.1/10 Recovery Mode”.  
2.  Follow the recovery steps.

