Brand: INTEL
Model: Nuc 7 Home
URL: https://www.manua.ls/intel/nuc-7-home/manual
Total Pages: 14
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
User Guide for NUC7i3BNHXF, NUC7i5BNHXF, NUC7i7BNHXG
 
1 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Intel® NUC 7 Home, a Mini PC with Windows® 10 – NUC7i3BNHXF 
Intel® NUC 7 Home, a Mini PC with Windows® 10 – NUC7i5BNHXF 
Intel® NUC 7 Enthusiast, a Mini PC with Windows® 10 – NUC7i7BNHXG 
 
User Guide

--- Page 2 ---
User Guide for NUC7i3BNHXF, NUC7i5BNHXF, NUC7i7BNHXG
 
2 
 
 
Before You Begin 
 
  CAUTIONS 
The steps in this guide assume you’re familiar with computer terminology and with the safety 
practices and regulatory compliance required for using and modifying computer equipment. 
 
Disconnect the computer from its power source and from any network before performing any of the 
steps described in this guide.   
 
Failure to disconnect power or networks before you open the computer or perform any procedures can 
result in personal injury and/or equipment damage.  Some circuitry on the board can continue to 
operate even though the front panel power button is off. 
 
Follow these guidelines before you begin: 
  Always follow the steps in each procedure in the correct order. 
  Create a log to record information about your computer, such as model, serial numbers, 
installed options, and configuration information. 
  Electrostatic discharge (ESD) can damage components.  Perform the procedures described in 
this chapter only at an ESD workstation using an antistatic wrist strap and a conductive foam 
pad. If such a station isn’t available, you can provide some ESD protection by wearing an 
antistatic wrist strap and attaching it to a metal part of the computer chassis. 
 
Installation Precautions
 
 
When you install and test the Intel NUC, observe all warnings and cautions in the installation 
instructions. 
 
To avoid injury, be careful of: 
  Sharp pins on connectors 
  Sharp pins on circuit boards 
  Rough edges and sharp corners on the chassis 
  Hot components (such as SSDs, processors, voltage regulators, and heat sinks) 
  Damage to wires that could cause a short circuit 
 
 
Observe Safety and Regulatory Requirements 
If you don’t follow these instructions, you increase your safety risk and the possibility of 
noncompliance with regional laws and regulations.

--- Page 3 ---
User Guide for NUC7i3BNHXF, NUC7i5BNHXF, NUC7i7BNHXG
 
3 
 
This guide tells you how to: 
 
•
 
Upgrade system memory 
•
 
Change/install an M.2 SSD 
•
 
Change/install a 2.5-inch drive 
•
 
Use a VESA mount bracket 
•
 
Connect power 
•
 
Set up Microsoft® Windows® 10 
•
 
Keep device drivers current 
•
 
Recover the operating system 
 
 
 
Open the Chassis 
 
Unscrew the four corner screws on the bottom of the chassis and lift the cover.

--- Page 4 ---
User Guide for NUC7i3BNHXF, NUC7i5BNHXF, NUC7i7BNHXG
 
4 
 
Upgrade System Memory
 
 
The Intel NUC Kits NUC7i3BNHXF, NUC7i5BNHXF, and NUC7i7BNHXG have two 260-pin DDR4 SO-
DIMM sockets.  
Pre-installed memory  
NUC7i3BNHXF 
One 4GB memory module 
NUC7i5BNHXF 
One 4GB memory module 
NUC7i7BNHXG 
One 8GB memory module 
 
To upgrade memory, be sure to select memory modules that meet these requirements:  
  1.2V low voltage memory 
  2133 MHz SO-DIMMs  
  Non-ECC 
Find compatible memory modules in the Intel Product Compatibility Tool: 
  NUC7i3BNHXF 
  NUC7i5BNHXF 
  NUC7i7BNHXG 
 
NOTE 
If you plan to install only one memory module, install it in the lower memory 
socket. 
 
To upgrade or add memory, follow these steps: 
 
1.  Observe the precautions in "Before You Begin" on page 2. 
2.  Turn off all peripheral devices connected to the computer.  Turn off the computer and 
disconnect the power cord. 
3.  Remove the computer’s bottom chassis cover. 
 
Upgrade to different memory 
a.  Remove the pre-installed memory module 
i.  Gently spread the retaining clips at each end of the memory socket, which causes 
the module to pop out of the socket (C). 
ii.  Holding the module by the edges, lift it away from the socket, and store it 
in an anti-static package. 
b.  Install the new memory module 
i.  Align the small space at the bottom edge of the memory module with the 
key in the socket. 
ii.  Insert the bottom edge of the module at a 45 degree angle into the socket 
(A). 
iii.  When the module is inserted, push down on the outer edges of the 
module until the retaining clips snap into place (B). Make sure the clips 
are firmly in place (C).

--- Page 5 ---
User Guide for NUC7i3BNHXF, NUC7i5BNHXF, NUC7i7BNHXG
 
5 
 
 
 
Install an additional memory module 
a.  Align the small space at the bottom edge of the memory module with the key on the 
socket. 
b.  Insert the bottom edge of the module at a 45 degree angle into the socket (A). 
c.  When the module is inserted, push down on the outer edges of the module until 
the retaining clips snap into place (B). Make sure the clips are firmly in place (C). 
 
4.  Reinstall and reconnect any parts you removed or disconnected to reach the memory sockets. 
5.   Replace the computer’s cover and reconnect the power cord. 
 
 
Change an M.2 SSD or Intel® Optane™ Memory Module
 
 
The Intel NUC Kits NUC7i3BNHXF, NUC7i5BNHXF, and NUC7i7BNHXG support either an 80mm or 
42mm SSD.  
 
Pre-installed M.2  
NUC7i3BNHXF 
One 16GB Intel Optane Memory module 
NUC7i5BNHXF 
One 16GB Intel Optane Memory module 
NUC7i7BNHXG 
One 16GB Intel Optane Memory module 
 
Find compatible M.2 SSDs in the Intel Product Compatibility Tool: 
  NUC7i3BNHXF 
  NUC7i5BNHXF 
  NUC7i7BNHXG 
 
NOTE 
Before changing the Intel Optane memory module, it needs to be disabled. Follow 
Removing Intel Optane Memory on this page first, before taking the module out.

--- Page 6 ---
User Guide for NUC7i3BNHXF, NUC7i5BNHXF, NUC7i7BNHXG
 
6 
 
To Change an M.2 SSD: 
 
1.  Remove the small silver screw from the 80mm or 42mm metal standoff on the board (A). 
 
2.  Remove the pre-installed SSD/Intel Optane Memory from the connector.  
 
3.  Align the space at the bottom of the new M.2 SSD to the key on the connector. 
 
4.  Insert the bottom edge of the M.2 SSD into the connector (B). 
 
5.  Secure the card to the standoff with the small silver screw (C). 
 
 
 
 
 
Change a 2.5” SSD or Hard Drive
 
 
 
The Intel NUC Kits NUC7i3BNHX1, NUC7i5BNHX1, and NUC7i7BNHX1 support an additional 2.5” Solid 
State Drive (SSD) or Hard Disk Drive (HDD). 
 
Find compatible 2.5” drives in the Intel Product Compatibility Tool: 
  NUC7i3BNHXF 
  NUC7i5BNHXF 
  NUC7i7BNHXG 
 
1.  Unscrew the four screws holding the current drive in the bay.

--- Page 7 ---
User Guide for NUC7i3BNHXF, NUC7i5BNHXF, NUC7i7BNHXG
 
7 
 
2.  Remove the pre-installed drive from the drive bay. 
 
3.  Slide the new 2.5” drive into the drive bay, ensuring the SATA connectors are fully seated into the 
connectors of the SATA daughter card (A). 
 
4.  Secure the drive into the drive bay with the four screws that were used in step 1. Set the drive bay 
bracket down inside the chassis (C).

--- Page 8 ---
User Guide for NUC7i3BNHXF, NUC7i5BNHXF, NUC7i7BNHXG
 
8 
 
Close the Chassis
 
 
After all components have been installed, close the Intel NUC chassis. Intel recommends this be done 
by hand with a screwdriver to avoid over-tightening and possibly damaging the screws. 
 
 
 
 
Attach and Use the VESA Bracket (Optional) 
 
Follow these instructions to attach and use the VESA mount bracket: 
 
1.  Using the four small black screws that were included in the box, attach the VESA bracket to the 
back of the monitor or TV.

--- Page 9 ---
User Guide for NUC7i3BNHXF, NUC7i5BNHXF, NUC7i7BNHXG
 
9 
 
 
 
2.  Attach the two slightly larger black screws to the bottom chassis cover of the Intel NUC. 
 
 
 
3.  Slide the Intel NUC onto the VESA mount bracket.

--- Page 10 ---
User Guide for NUC7i3BNHXF, NUC7i5BNHXF, NUC7i7BNHXG
 
10 
 
Connect Power 
 
Country-specific power plug attachments are included in the box.  
1.  Choose the attachment for your region. 
Plug 
 
 
 
 
Code 
US 
UK 
EU 
AUS 
Country 
United States 
United Kingdom 
European Union 
Australia 
 
Plug 
 
 
 
 
Code 
CHN 
IND 
KOR 
ARG 
Country 
China 
India 
South Korea 
Argentina 
 
Plug 
 
Code 
BRA 
Country 
Brazil

--- Page 11 ---
User Guide for NUC7i3BNHXF, NUC7i5BNHXF, NUC7i7BNHXG
 
11 
 
2.  Slide the attachment (B) onto the power plug, locking it into place (A). 
 
 
 
3.  Connect AC power.

--- Page 12 ---
User Guide for NUC7i3BNHXF, NUC7i5BNHXF, NUC7i7BNHXG
 
12 
 
Set Up Microsoft® Windows® 10 
 
Microsoft Windows 10 is already installed on the Intel NUC. The first time you start the computer, 
you’re guided through the Windows 10 setup steps, including: 
 
  Selecting your region and language.  
  Accepting the Microsoft Windows license terms.  
  Personalizing Windows and assign a PC Name.  
  "Get Online" dialog to pick a wireless network (this step is optional).  
  Choosing Express Settings or Customize.  
  Assigning a User Name and Password.  
 
Reinstalling the Operating System 
If you upgrade or replace the computer’s drive, you may need to install a new version of the operating 
system. See these resources: 
  Supported Operating Systems 
  Windows Setup Guide 
 
Keep Intel NUC Drivers Current 
 
To download the latest Microsoft* Windows* drivers and BIOS updates, use the Intel® Driver & Support 
Assistant (Intel® DSA) or go to Download Center: 
 
  Intel® NUC 7 Home, a Mini PC with Windows® 10 – NUC7i3BNHXF 
  Intel® NUC 7 Home, a Mini PC with Windows® 10 – NUC7i5BNHXF 
  Intel® NUC 7 Enthusiast, a Mini PC with Windows® 10 – NUC7i7BNHXG 
 
Drivers are available for the following features: 
 
  Realtek* Audio 
  Intel® Bluetooth 
  Intel® Chipset 
  ITE* Consumer Infrared 
  Intel® Graphics 
  Intel® ME  
  Intel® Rapid Storage Technology 
  Intel® Ready Mode Technology 
  Intel® LAN (wired and wireless) 
  Thunderbolt™ (NUC7i7BNHXG and NUC7i5BNHXF only) 
  Realtek Card Reader Driver

--- Page 13 ---
User Guide for NUC7i3BNHXF, NUC7i5BNHXF, NUC7i7BNHXG
 
13 
 
Operating System Recovery 
 
There’s a Windows recovery partition on the Intel NUC. You can use this partition to Refresh, Reset, or 
Restore Windows. Here is what each of these actions do: 
 
Refresh  
 
If your PC isn't performing as well as it once did, and you don't know why, you can 
refresh your PC. This action doesn’t delete any of your personal files or change 
your settings. Refresh does the following: 
 
  Files and personalization settings won’t change.  
  PC settings are changed back to their defaults.  
  Apps from the Windows Store are kept.  
  Apps installed from disks or websites are removed.  
  List of removed apps is saved on the desktop. 
 
Reset  
 
If you want to recycle your PC, give it away, or start over with it, you can reset it 
completely. This process removes everything. Reset does the following: 
 
  All personal files and apps are removed.  
  PC settings are changed back to their defaults.  
  Windows is reinstalled. 
 
Restore 
If a recently installed app or driver is causing problems with your PC, you can 
restore Windows back to an earlier point in time, called a restore point. System 
Restore doesn’t change your personal files, but it can remove recently installed 
apps and drivers. 
 
 
Caution - Before performing a Refresh or Reset: 
 
  Make sure to back up all personal data to external storage.  
  Remove SD card from the card slot, if one is inserted. 
  
 To access the recovery media: 
 
If Windows starts 
 
From Windows Start, type Recovery and select Recovery Options.  
 
See Recovery options in Windows 10 for complete details on how 
to use the recovery options. 
 
If Windows doesn’t start 
The recovery process should automatically start. If Recovery 
doesn’t automatically start, you can try to initiate it as follows: 
 
1.  Press F8 during boot, when you see the prompt “F8 to 
Activate Windows 8.1/10 Recovery Mode”.  
2.  Follow the recovery steps.

--- Page 14 ---
User Guide for NUC7i3BNHXF, NUC7i5BNHXF, NUC7i7BNHXG
 
14

