Brand: INTEL
Model: Nuc 7 Business
URL: https://www.manua.ls/intel/nuc-7-business/manual
Total Pages: 12
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
User Guide for NUC7i3DNHNC 
1 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Intel® NUC7 Business, a Mini PC with Windows® 10 – NUC7i3DNHNC
 
 
User Guide

--- Page 2 ---
User Guide for NUC7i3DNHNC 
2 
 
 
Before You Begin 
 
  CAUTIONS 
The steps in this guide assume you’re familiar with computer terminology and with the 
safety practices and regulatory compliance required for using and modifying computer 
equipment. 
 
Disconnect the computer from its power source and from any network before performing any of 
the steps described in this guide.   
 
Failure to disconnect power or networks before you open the computer or perform any procedures 
can result in personal injury and/or equipment damage.  Some circuitry on the board can continue 
to operate even though the front panel power button is off. 
 
Follow these guidelines before you begin: 
  Always follow the steps in each procedure in the correct order. 
  Create a log to record information about your computer, such as model, serial 
numbers, installed options, and configuration information. 
  Electrostatic discharge (ESD) can damage components.  Perform the procedures 
described in this chapter only at an ESD workstation using an antistatic wrist strap and a 
conductive foam pad. If such a station isn’t available, you can provide some ESD 
protection by wearing an antistatic wrist strap and attaching it to a metal part of the 
computer chassis. 
 
Installation Precautions
 
 
When you install and test the Intel NUC, observe all warnings and cautions in the installation 
instructions. 
 
To avoid injury, be careful of: 
  Sharp pins on connectors 
  Sharp pins on circuit boards 
  Rough edges and sharp corners on the chassis 
  Hot components (such as SSDs, processors, voltage regulators, and heat sinks) 
  Damage to wires that could cause a short circuit 
 
 
Observe Safety and Regulatory Requirements 
If you don’t follow these instructions, you increase your safety risk and the possibility of 
noncompliance with regional laws and regulations.

--- Page 3 ---
User Guide for NUC7i3DNHNC 
3 
 
This guide tells you how to: 
 
•
 
Upgrade memory (RAM) 
•
 
Change/install an M.2 SSD 
•
 
Change/install a 2.5-inch drive 
•
 
Use a VESA mount bracket 
•
 
Connect power 
•
 
Set up Microsoft® Windows® 10 
•
 
Install the latest device drivers and software 
•
 
Recover the operating system 
 
Open the Chassis 
 
Unscrew the four corner screws on the bottom of the chassis and lift the cover. 
 
 
Upgrade System Memory
 
 
The Intel NUC Kits NUC7i3DNHNC have two 260-pin DDR4 SO-DIMM sockets, pre-installed with 
one 4GB DDR4 2133 MHz SO-DIMM. 
 
To upgrade memory, be sure to select memory modules that meet these requirements:  
  1.2V low voltage memory 
  2133 MHz SO-DIMMs  
  Non-ECC 
Find compatible memory modules in the Intel® Product Compatibility Tool.

--- Page 4 ---
User Guide for NUC7i3DNHNC 
4 
 
NOTE 
If you plan to install only one memory module, install it in the lower memory 
socket. 
 
To upgrade or add memory, follow these steps: 
 
1.  Observe the precautions in "Before You Begin" on page 2. 
2.  Turn off all peripheral devices connected to the computer.  Turn off the computer and 
disconnect the power cord. 
3.  Remove the computer’s bottom chassis cover. 
 
Upgrade to different memory 
a.  Remove the pre-installed memory module 
i.  Gently spread the retaining clips at each end of the memory socket, which 
causes the module to pop out of the socket (C). 
ii.  Holding the module by the edges, lift it away from the socket, and 
store it in an anti-static package. 
b.  Install the new memory module 
i.  Align the small space at the bottom edge of the memory module with 
the key in the socket. 
ii.  Insert the bottom edge of the module at a 45 degree angle into the 
socket (A). 
iii.  When the module is inserted, push down on the outer edges of the 
module until the retaining clips snap into place (B). Make sure the 
clips are firmly in place (C). 
 
 
 
Install an additional memory module 
a.  Align the small space at the bottom edge of the memory module with the key on the 
socket. 
b.  Insert the bottom edge of the module at a 45 degree angle into the socket (A). 
c.  When the module is inserted, push down on the outer edges of the module 
until the retaining clips snap into place (B). Make sure the clips are firmly in 
place (C). 
 
4.  Reinstall and reconnect any parts you removed or disconnected to reach the memory 
sockets. 
5.   Replace the computer’s cover and reconnect the power cord.

--- Page 5 ---
User Guide for NUC7i3DNHNC 
5 
 
 
Changing an M.2 SSD or Intel® Optane™ Memory Module
 
 
The Intel NUC Kits NUC7i3DNHNC support an 80mm or 42mm SSD.  
 
Find compatible M.2 SSDs in the Intel Product Compatibility Tool. 
 
NOTE 
Before changing the Intel Optane memory module, it needs to be disabled. Follow 
Removing Intel Optane Memory on this page first, before taking the module out. 
 
To Change an M.2 SSD: 
 
1.  Remove the small silver screw from the 80mm or 42mm metal standoff on the board (A). 
 
2.  Remove the pre-installed SSD/Intel Optane Memory from the connector.  
 
3.  Align the space at the bottom of the new M.2 SSD to the key on the connector. 
 
4.  Insert the bottom edge of the M.2 SSD into the connector (B). 
 
5.  Secure the card to the standoff with the small silver screw (C). 
 
 
 
 
 
Changing a 2.5” SSD or Hard Drive
 
 
 
The Intel NUC Kits NUC7i3DNHNC support an additional 2.5” Solid State Drive (SSD) or Hard Disk 
Drive (HDD), pre-installed with one 1TB HDD.

--- Page 6 ---
User Guide for NUC7i3DNHNC 
6 
 
Find compatible 2.5” drives in the Intel Product Compatibility Tool. 
 
1.  Unscrew the four screws holding the current drive in the bay. 
 
2.  Remove the pre-installed drive from the drive bay. 
 
3.  Slide the new 2.5” drive into the drive bay, ensuring the SATA connectors are fully seated into 
the connectors of the SATA daughter card (A). 
 
4.  Secure the drive into the drive bay with the four screws that were used in step 1. Set the drive 
bay bracket down inside the chassis (C).

--- Page 7 ---
User Guide for NUC7i3DNHNC 
7 
 
Close the Chassis
 
 
After all components have been installed, close the Intel NUC chassis. Intel recommends this be 
done by hand with a screwdriver to avoid over-tightening and possibly damaging the screws. 
 
 
 
 
Attach and Use the VESA Bracket (Optional) 
 
Follow these instructions to attach and use the VESA mount bracket: 
 
1.  Using the four small black screws that were included in the box, attach the VESA bracket to 
the back of the monitor or TV.

--- Page 8 ---
User Guide for NUC7i3DNHNC 
8 
 
2.  Attach the two slightly larger black screws to the bottom chassis cover of the Intel NUC. 
 
 
 
3.  Slide the Intel NUC onto the VESA mount bracket.

--- Page 9 ---
User Guide for NUC7i3DNHNC 
9 
 
Connect Power 
Each Intel NUC model includes either a region-specific AC power cord or no AC power cord (only the 
power adapter).  
  
Product codes  
Power cord type  
BOXNUC7i3DNHNC 
  
No power cord included. An AC power cord needs to be purchased 
separately. Power cords are available at many Internet sites for use in 
multiple countries. The connector on the power adapter is a C5 type 
connector.  
  
BOXNUC7i3DNHNC1 
US power cord included.  
BOXNUC7i3DNHNC2 
EU power cord included.  
BOXNUC7i3DNHNC3 
UK power cord included.  
BOXNUC7i3DNHNC4 
Australia/New Zealand power cord included.  
BOXNUC7i3DNHNC5 
India power cord included.  
  
Connect AC power.  
 
 
Set Up Microsoft® Windows® 10 
 
Microsoft Windows 10 is already installed on the Intel NUC. The first time you start the computer, 
you are guided through the Windows 10 setup steps, including: 
 
  Selecting your region and language.  
  Accepting the Microsoft Windows license terms.  
  Personalizing Windows and assign a PC Name.  
  "Get Online" dialog to pick a wireless network (this step is optional).  
  Choosing Express Settings or Customize.  
  Assigning a User Name and Password.

--- Page 10 ---
User Guide for NUC7i3DNHNC 
10 
 
Reinstalling the Operating System 
If you upgrade or replace the computer’s drive, you may need to install a new version of the 
operating system. See these resources: 
  Supported Operating Systems 
  Windows Setup Guide 
 
Install the Latest Device Drivers and Software 
 
Here are the options for keeping device drivers current:  
  Allow the Intel® Driver & Support Assistant (Intel® DSA) to detect out-of-date drivers 
  Manually download drivers, BIOS, and software from Download Center. 
 
The following device drivers and software are available. 
  Intel® Chipset Device Software 
  Intel® HD Graphics 
  Intel® Management Engine 
  Intel® Wireless  
  Intel® Bluetooth 
  Intel® Gigabit Ethernet 
  Intel® Rapid Storage Technology 
  Intel® Software Guard Extensions (Intel® SGX) 
  HDMI Firmware 
 
Operating System Recovery 
 
There’s a Windows recovery partition on the Intel NUC. You can use this partition to Refresh, Reset, 
or Restore Windows. Here is what each of these actions do: 
 
Refresh  
 
If your PC isn't performing as well as it once did, and you don't know why, you 
can refresh your PC. This action doesn’t delete any of your personal files or 
change your settings. Refresh does the following: 
 
  Files and personalization settings won’t change.  
  PC settings are changed back to their defaults.  
  Apps from the Windows Store are kept.  
  Apps installed from disks or websites are removed.  
  List of removed apps is saved on the desktop. 
 
Reset  
 
If you want to recycle your PC, give it away, or start over with it, you can reset 
it completely. This process removes everything. Reset does the following: 
 
  All personal files and apps are removed.  
  PC settings are changed back to their defaults.  
  Windows is reinstalled. 
 
Restore 
If a recently installed app or driver is causing problems with your PC, you can 
restore Windows back to an earlier point in time, called a restore point. 
System Restore doesn’t change your personal files, but it can remove recently 
installed apps and drivers.

--- Page 12 ---
User Guide for NUC7i3DNHNC 
12 
 
Caution - Before performing a Refresh or Reset: 
 
  Make sure to back up all personal data to external storage.  
  Remove SD card from the card slot, if one is inserted. 
  
 To access the recovery media: 
 
If Windows starts 
 
From Windows Start, type Recovery and select Recovery 
Options.  
 
See Recovery options in Windows 10 for complete details on 
how to use the recovery options. 
 
If Windows doesn’t start 
The recovery process should automatically start. If Recovery 
doesn’t automatically start, you can try to initiate it as follows: 
 
1.  Press F8 during boot, when you see the prompt “F8 to 
Activate Windows 8.1/10 Recovery Mode”.  
2.  Follow the recovery steps.

