Brand: DELL
Model: Xps 17 9720
URL: https://www.manua.ls/dell/xps-17-9720/manual
Total Pages: 71
============================================================

--- Page 49 ---
BIOS setup
CAUTION: Unless you are an expert computer user, do not change the settings in the BIOS Setup program.
Certain changes can make your computer work incorrectly.
NOTE: Depending on the computer and its installed devices, the items listed in this section may or may not be displayed.
NOTE: Before you change BIOS Setup program, it is recommended that you write down the BIOS Setup program screen
information for future reference.
Use the BIOS Setup program for the following purposes:
● Get information about the hardware installed in your computer, such as the amount of RAM and the size of the hard drive.
● Change the system configuration information.
● Set or change a user-selectable option, such as the user password, type of hard drive installed, and enabling or disabling
base devices.
BIOS overview
The BIOS manages data flow between the computer's operating system and attached devices such as hard disk, video adapter,
keyboard, mouse, and printer.
Entering BIOS setup program
Steps
1. Turn on your computer.
2. Press F2 immediately to enter the BIOS setup program.
NOTE:
 If you wait too long and the operating system logo appears, continue to wait until you see the desktop. Then,
turn off your computer and try again.
Navigation keys
NOTE:
 For most of the System Setup options, changes that you make are recorded but do not take effect until you restart
the system.
Table 3. Navigation keys 
Keys Navigation
Up arrow Moves to the previous field.
Down arrow Moves to the next field.
Enter Selects a value in the selected field (if applicable) or follow
the link in the field.
Spacebar Expands or collapses a drop-down list, if applicable.
Tab Moves to the next focus area.
NOTE: For the standard graphics browser only.
4
BIOS setup 49

--- Page 50 ---
Table 3. Navigation keys (continued)
Keys Navigation
Esc Moves to the previous page until you view the main screen.
Pressing Esc in the main screen displays a message that
prompts you to save any unsaved changes and restarts the
system.
One time boot menu
To enter one time boot menu, turn on your computer, and then press F12 immediately.
NOTE: It is recommended to shutdown the computer if it is on.
The one-time boot menu displays the devices that you can boot from including the diagnostic option. The boot menu options
are:
● Removable Drive (if available)
● STXXXX Drive (if available)
NOTE: XXX denotes the SATA drive number.
● Optical Drive (if available)
● SATA Hard Drive (if available)
● Diagnostics
The boot sequence screen also displays the option to access the System Setup screen.
System setup options
NOTE:
 Depending on this computer and its installed devices, the items that are listed in this section may or may not be
displayed.
Table 4. System setup options—System information menu 
Overview for XPS 17 9720
BIOS Version Displays the BIOS version number.
Service Tag Displays the Service Tag of the computer.
Asset Tag Displays the Asset Tag of the computer.
Manufacture Date Displays the manufacture date of the computer.
Ownership Date Displays the ownership date of the computer.
Express Service Code Displays the express service code of the computer.
Ownership Tag Displays the ownership tag of the computer.
Signed Firmware Update Displays whether the signed firmware update is enabled.
Default: Enabled
Battery Displays the battery health information.
Primary Displays the primary battery.
Battery Level Displays the battery level.
Battery State Displays the battery state.
Health Displays the battery health.
AC Adapter Displays whether an AC adapter is connected. If connected, the AC adapter
type.
PROCESSOR
50 BIOS setup

--- Page 51 ---
Table 4. System setup options—System information menu (continued)
Overview for XPS 17 9720
Processor Type Displays the processor type.
Maximum Clock Speed Displays the maximum processor clock speed.
Minimum Clock Speed Displays the minimum processor clock speed.
Current Clock Speed Displays the current processor clock speed.
Core Count Displays the number of cores on the processor.
Processor ID Displays the processor identification code.
Processor L2 Cache Displays the processor L2 Cache size.
Processor L3 Cache Displays the processor L3 Cache size.
Microcode Version Displays the microcode version.
Intel Hyper-Threading Capable Displays whether the processor is Hyper-Threading (HT) capable.
64-Bit Technology Displays whether 64-bit technology is used.
MEMORY
Memory Installed Displays the total computer memory installed.
Memory Available Displays the total computer memory available.
Memory Speed Displays the memory speed.
Memory Channel Mode Displays single or dual channel mode.
Memory Technology Displays the technology that is used for the memory.
DIMM SLOT 1 Displays the memory card installed in slot 1
DIMM SLOT 2 Displays the memory card installed in slot 2
DEVICES
Panel Type Displays the Panel Type of the computer.
Video Controller Displays the integrate graphics information of the computer.
Video Memory Displays the video memory information of the computer.
Wi-Fi Device Displays the Wi-Fi device installed in the computer.
Native Resolution Displays the native resolution of the computer.
Video BIOS Version Displays the video BIOS version of the computer.
Audio Controller Displays the audio controller information of the computer.
Bluetooth Device Displays whether a Bluetooth device is installed in the computer.
Pass Through MAC Address Displays the MAC address of the video pass-through.
Table 5. System setup options—Boot Configuration menu 
Boot Configuration
Boot Sequence
Boot Mode: UEFI only Displays the boot mode of this computer.
Boot Sequence Displays the boot sequence.
Secure Digital (SD) Card Boot Enables or disables Secure Digital (SD) Card boot.
Secure Boot
Enable Secure Boot Enables or disables checking of boot software (including firmware drivers and
the operating system).
Secure Boot Mode Modifies the behavior of Secure Boot to allow evaluation or enforcement of
UEFI driver signatures.
BIOS setup 51

--- Page 52 ---
Table 5. System setup options—Boot Configuration menu (continued)
Boot Configuration
By default, Deployed Mode is selected.
Expert Key Management
Enable Custom Mode Enables or disables custom mode to allow keys in the PK, KEK, db, and dbx
security key databases to be modified.
Default: OFF
Table 6. System setup options—Integrated Devices menu 
Integrated Devices
Date/Time
Date Sets the computer date in MM/DD/YYYY format. Changes to the date take
effect immediately.
Time Sets the computer time in HH/MM/SS 24-hour format. You can switch
between 12-hour and 24-hour clock. Changes to the time take effect
immediately.
Thunderbolt Adapter Configuration
Enable Thunderbolt Technology Support Enables or disables the Thunderbolt Technology feature and associated ports
and adapters.
Default: ON
Enable Thunderbolt Boot Support Enables or disables Thunderbolt adapter features during pre-boot.
Default: OFF
Enable Thunderbolt (and PCIe behind
TBT) pre-boot modules
Enables or disables the setting that allows PCIe devices that are connected via
a Thunderbolt adapter.
Default: OFF
Thunderbolt Security level Sets the Thunderbolt adapter security level within the operating system.
By default, User Authorization is selected.
Camera
Enable Camera Enables or disables the camera.
By default, Enable Camera is selected.
Audio
Enable Audio Enables or disables all integrated audio controller.
Default: ON
Enable Microphone Enables or disables microphone.
By default, Enable Microphone is selected.
Enable Internal Speaker Enables or disables internal speaker.
By default, Enable Internal Speaker is selected.
USB Configuration Enables or disables booting from USB mass storage devices such as external
hard drive, optical drive, and USB drive.
By default, Enable USB Boot Support is selected.
By default, Enable External USB Ports is selected.
Miscellaneous Devices
Enable Fingerprint Reader Device Enables or disables the Fingerprint Reader Device.
52 BIOS setup

--- Page 53 ---
Table 6. System setup options—Integrated Devices menu (continued)
Integrated Devices
By default, Enable Fingerprint Reader Device is selected.
Enable Fingerprint Reader Single Sign On Enables or disables the Fingerprint Reader Single Sign On capability.
By default, Enable Fingerprint Reader Single Sign On is selected.
Table 7. System setup options—Storage menu 
Storage
SATA Operation Configures operating mode of the integrated SATA hard drive controller.
Default: RAID On. SATA is configured to support RAID (Intel Rapid Restore
Technology).
Storage Interface
Port Enablement Enables the selected onboard drives.
● SATA-4
Default: ON
● M.2 PCIe SSD-0
Default: ON
● M.2 PCIe SSD-1
Default: ON
Drive Information Displays the information of various onboard drives.
Enable SMART Reporting Enables or disables Self-Monitoring, Analysis, and Reporting Technology
(SMART).
Default: OFF
Enable MediaCard Enables to switch all media cards On/Off or set the media card to read-only
state.
By default, Enable Secure Digital (SD) Card is selected.
Table 8. System setup options—Display menu 
Display
Display Brightness
Brightness on battery power Sets the screen brightness when the computer is running on battery power.
Default: 50
Brightness on AC power Sets the screen brightness when the computer is running on AC power.
Default: 0
Touch Screen Enables or disables the touch screen for the OS.
NOTE: The touch screen will always work in the BIOS setup irrespective of
this setting.
Full Screen Logo Enabled or disabled the computer to display full screen logo if the image match
screen resolution.
Default: OFF
Direct Graphics Controller Direct
Output Mode
When enabled, all graphics output ports directly to the Graphics Processing
Unit (GPU), bypassing Intel Integrated graphics outputs for HDMI, Thunderbolt,
and mDP ports.
Default: OFF
BIOS setup 53

--- Page 54 ---
Table 8. System setup options—Display menu (continued)
Display
NOTE: This feature is supported only on computers with NVIDIA GeForce
RTX 3060 discrete graphics card installed.
Table 9. System setup options—Connection menu 
Connection
Wireless Device Enable Enable or disable internal WLAN/Bluetooth devices.
By default, WLAN is selected.
By default, Bluetooth is selected.
Enable UEFI Network Stack
Enable UEFI Network Stack When enabled, UEFI networking protocols are installed and available, allowing
pre-OS and early OS networking features to use any enabled NICs. This may be
used without PXE turned on.
Default: ON
Wireless Radio Control
Control WLAN radio Enables to sense the connection of the computer to a wired network and
subsequently disable the selected wireless radios (WLAN and/or WWAN).
Upon disconnection from the wired network, the selected wireless radios are
re-enabled.
Default: OFF
Table 10. System setup options—Power menu 
Power
Battery Configuration Enables the computer to run on battery during power usage hours. Use the
below options to prevent AC power usage between certain times of each day.
By default Adaptive is selected.
Advanced Configuration
Enable Advanced Battery Charge
Configuration
Enables Advanced Battery Charge Configuration from the beginning of the
day to a specified work period. Advanced Battery Charged maximizes battery
health while still supporting heavy use during the work day.
Default: OFF
Peak Shift Enables the computer to run on battery during peak power usage hours.
Default: OFF
Thermal Management Sets cooling fan and processor heat management to adjust system
performance, noise, and temperature.
By default, Optimized is selected.
USB Wake Support
Wake on Dell USB-C Dock Enables connecting a Dell USB-C Dock to wake the computer from Standby.
Default: ON
Block Sleep Blocks the computer from entering Sleep (S3) mode in the operating system.
Default: OFF
NOTE: If enabled, the computer will not go to sleep, Intel Rapid Start will
be disabled automatically, and the operating system power option will be
blank if it was set to Sleep.
54 BIOS setup

--- Page 55 ---
Table 10. System setup options—Power menu (continued)
Power
Lid Switch
Enable Lid Switch Enables or disables the lid switch.
Default: ON
Power On Lid Open Enables the computer to power up from the off state whenever the lid is
opened.
Default: ON
Intel Speed Shift Technology Enables or disables the Intel Speed Shift Technology support. Setting this
option to enable allows the operating system to select the appropriate
processor performance automatically.
Default: ON
Table 11. System setup options—Security menu 
Security
TPM 2.0 Security On Select whether or not the Trusted Platform Model (TPM) is visible to the OS.
Default: ON
PPI Bypass for Enable Commands Enables or disables the OS to skip BIOS Physical Presence Interface (PPI) user
prompts when issuing TPM PPI enabled and activate commands.
Default: OFF
PPI Bypass for Disable Commands Enables or disables The OS to skip BIOS PPI user prompts when issuing TPM
PPI Disable and Deactivate commands.
Default: OFF
PPI Bypass for Clear Commands Enables or disables the operating system to skip BIOS Physical Presence
Interface (PPI) user prompts when issuing the Clear command.
Default: OFF
Attestation Enable Enables to control whether the TPM Endorsement Hierarchy is available to the
OS. Disabling this setting restricts the ability to use the TPM for signature
operations.
Default: ON
Key Storage Enable Enables to control whether the TPM Endorsement Hierarchy is available to the
OS. Disabling this setting restricts the ability to use the TPM for storing owner
data.
Default: ON
SHA-256 Enables or disables the BIOS and the TPM to use the SHA-256 hash algorithm
to extend measurements into the TPM PCRs during BIOS boot.
Default: ON
Clear Enables or disables the computer to clear the PTT owner information, and
returns the PTT to the default state.
Default: OFF
TPM State Enables or disables the TPM. This is the normal operating state for the TPM
when you want to use its complete array of capabilities.
Default: Enabled
Intel Software Guard Extensions
Intel SGX Enables or disables the Intel Software Guard Extensions (SGX) to provide a
secured environment for running code/storing sensitive information.
BIOS setup 55

--- Page 56 ---
Table 11. System setup options—Security menu (continued)
Security
By default, Software Control is selected.
SMM Security Mitigation
SMM Security Mitigation Enables or disables additional UEFI SMM Security Mitigation protections.
Default: OFF
NOTE: This feature may cause compatibility issues or loss of functionality
with some legacy tools and applications.
Data Wipe on Next Boot
Start Data Wipe When enabled, the BIOS will queue up a data wipe cycle for storage device(s)
connected to the motherboard on the next reboot.
Default: OFF
Absolute
Absolute Enables, disables or permanently disable the BIOS module interface of the
optional Absolute Persistence Module service from Absolute Software.
By default, Enable Absolute is selected.
UEFI Boot Path Security
UEFI Boot Path Security Controls whether the system will prompt the user to enter the admin password
(if set) when booting to a UEFI boot path device from the F12 boot menu.
By default, Always Except Internal HDD is selected.
Table 12. System setup options—Passwords menu 
Passwords
Admin Password Sets, changes, or deletes the administrator password (sometimes called
the "setup password"). The administrator password enables several security
features.
Password Configuration
Upper Case Letter When enabled, password must contain at least one upper case letter.
Default: OFF
Upper Case Letter When enabled, password must contain at least one lower case letter.
Default: OFF
Digit When enabled, password must contain at least one digit number.
Default: OFF
Special Character When enabled, password must contain at least one special character.
Default: OFF
Minimum Characters Sets the minimum number of characters allowed for passwords.
Default: 04
Password Bypass
Password Bypass When enabled, the system and the hard drive passwords are prompted when
the computer is powered on from the Off state.
By default, Disabled is selected.
Password Changes
56 BIOS setup

--- Page 57 ---
Table 12. System setup options—Passwords menu (continued)
Passwords
Enable Non-Admin Password Changes When On, users can change the system and the hard drive password without
the need for administrator password.
Default: ON
Admin Setup Lockout
Enable Admin Setup Lockout Enables or disables the user from entering BIOS Setup when an administrator
password is set.
Default: OFF
Master Password Lockout
Enable Master Password Lockout Enables or disables the master password support.
Default: OFF
Table 13. System setup options—Update Recovery menu 
Update Recovery
UEFI Capsule Firmware Updates
Enable UEFI Capsule Firmware Updates Controls whether this computer allows BIOS updates via EUFI capsule update
packages.
Default: ON
BIOS Recovery from Hard Drive
BIOS Recovery from Hard Drive Enables the computer to recover from a bad BIOS image, as long as the Boot
Block portion is intact and functioning.
Default: ON
NOTE: BIOS recovery is designed to fix the main BIOS block and cannot
work if the Boot Block is damaged. In addition, this feature cannot work
in the event of EC corruption, ME corruption, or a hardware issue. The
recovery image must exist on an unencrypted partition on the drive.
BIOS Downgrade
Allow BIOS Downgrade Controls flashing of the system firmware to previous revisions.
Default: ON
SupportAssist OS Recovery
SupportAssist OS Recovery Enables or disables the boot flow for SupportAssist OS Recovery tool in the
event of certain system errors.
Default: ON
BIOSConnect
BIOSConnect Enables or disables cloud Service OS recover if the main operating system fails
to boot with the number of failures equal to or greater than the value specified
by the Auto OS Recovery Threshold setup option.
Default: ON
Dell Auto OS Recovery Threshold Controls the automatic boot flow for SupportAssist System Resolution Console
and for Dell operating system Recovery tool.
By default, 2 is selected.
BIOS setup 57

--- Page 58 ---
Table 14. System setup options—System Management menu 
System Management
Service Tag Displays the Service Tag of the computer.
Asset Tag Creates a system Asset Tag that can be used by an IT administrator to
uniquely identify a particular system. Once set in BIOS, the Asset Tag cannot
be changed.
AC Behavior
Wake on AC Enables the computer to turn on and go to boot when AC power is supplied to
the computer.
Default: OFF
Wake on LAN/WLAN
Wake on LAN/WLAN Enables or disables the computer to turn on by a special LAN/WLAN signal.
By default, Disabled is selected.
Table 15. System setup options—Keyboard menu 
Keyboard
Numlock Enable
Enable Numlock Enables or disables Numlock when the computer boots.
Default: ON
Fn Lock Options
Fn Lock Options Enables or disables the Fn lock option.
Default: ON
Lock Mode
Default: Lock Mode Secondary. Lock Mode Secondary = If this option is
selected, the F1-F12 keys scan the code for their secondary functions.
Keyboard Illumination
Keyboard Illumination Configures the operating mode of the keyboard illumination feature.
By default, Bright is selected.
Keyboard Backlight Timeout on AC
Keyboard Backlight Timeout on AC Configures the timeout value for the keyboard when an AC adapter is
connected to the computer. The keyboard backlight timeout value is only
effect when the backlight is enabled.
By default, 1 minute is selected.
Keyboard Backlight Timeout on
Battery
Keyboard Backlight Timeout on Battery Configures the timeout value for the keyboard when the computer is running
on battery. The keyboard backlight timeout value is only effect when the
backlight is enabled.
By default, 1 minute is selected.
OROM Keyboard Access Enables or disables the option to enter Option ROM configuration screens via
hotkeys during boot.
By default, Enabled is selected.
OROM Keyboard Access
58 BIOS setup

--- Page 59 ---
Table 16. System setup options—Pre-Boot Behavior menu 
Pre-Boot Behavior
Adapter Warnings
Enable Adapter Warnings Enables or disables the computer to display adapter warning messages when
adapters with too little power capacity are detected.
Default: ON
Warnings and Errors
Warnings and Errors Selects an action on encountering a warning or error during boot.
By default, Prompt on Warnings and Errors is selected.
NOTE: Errors deemed critical to the operation of the computer hardware
will always halt the computer.
USB-C Warnings
Enable Dock Warning Messages Enables or disables dock warning messages.
Default: ON
Fastboot
Fastboot Configures the speed of the UEFI boot process.
By default, Thorough is selected.
Extend BIOS POST Time
Extend BIOS POST Time Configures the BIOS POST (Power-On Self-Test) load time.
By default, 0 seconds is selected.
MAC Address Pass-Through
MAC Address Pass-Through Replaces the external NIC MAC address (in a supported dock or dongle) with
the selected MAC address from the computer.
By default, System Unique MAC Address is selected.
Sign of Life
Early Logo Display Displays Logo Sign of Life.
Default: ON
Table 17. System setup options—Virtualization menu 
Virtualization
Intel Virtualization Technology
Intel Virtualization Technology Enables or disables the computer to run a virtual machine monitor (VMM).
Default: ON
VT for Direct I/O
Enable Intel VT for Direct I/O Enables or disables the computer to perform Virtualization Technology for
Direct I/O (VT-d). VT-d is an Intel method that provides virtualization for
memory map I/O.
Default: ON
Table 18. System setup options—Performance menu 
Performance
Multi-Core Support
BIOS setup 59

--- Page 60 ---
Table 18. System setup options—Performance menu (continued)
Performance
Active Cores Changes the number of CPU cores available to the operating system. The
default value is set to the maximum number of cores.
By default, All Cores is selected.
Intel SpeedStep
Enable Intel SpeedStep Technology Enables or disables the Intel SpeedStep Technology to dynamically adjust
processor voltage and core frequency, decreasing average power consumption
and heat production.
Default: ON
C-States Control
Enable C-State Control Enables or disables the CPU's ability to enter and exit low-power states.
Default: ON
Enable Adaptive C-States for Discrete
Graphics
Allows the computer to dynamically detect high usage of a discrete graphics
and adjust the computer parameters for higher performance during that time
period.
Default: ON
Intel Turbo Boost Technology
Enable Intel Turbo Boost Technology Enabled or disabled the Intel TurboBoost mode of the processor. If enabled,
the Intel TurboBoost driver increases the performance of the CPU or graphics
processor.
Default: ON
Intel Hyper-Threading Technology
Enable Intel Hyper-Threading Technology Enabled or disabled the Intel Hyper-Threading mode of the processor. If
enabled, the Intel Hyper-Threading increases the efficiency of the processor
resources when multiple threads run on each core.
Default: ON
Dynamic Tuning:Machine Learning
Enable Dynamic Tuning:Machine Learning Enables or disables OS capability to enhance dynamic power tuning capabilities
based on detected workloads.
Default: OFF
Table 19. System setup options—System Logs menu 
System Logs
BIOS Event Log
Clear Bios Event Log Select keep or clear BIOS events.
By default, Keep is selected.
Thermal Event Log
Clear Thermal Event Log Select keep or clear Thermal events.
By default, Keep is selected.
Power Event Log
Clear POWER Event Log Select keep or clear Power events.
By default, Keep is selected.
60 BIOS setup

--- Page 61 ---
Updating the BIOS
Updating the BIOS in Windows
About this task
CAUTION: If BitLocker is not suspended before updating the BIOS, the next time you reboot the system it
will not recognize the BitLocker key. You will then be prompted to enter the recovery key to progress and the
system will ask for this on each reboot. If the recovery key is not known this can result in data loss or an
unnecessary operating system re-install. For more information on this subject, search in the Knowledge Base
Resource at www.dell.com/support.
Steps
1. Go to www.dell.com/support.
2. Click Product support. In the Search support box, enter the Service Tag of your computer, and then click Search.
NOTE: If you do not have the Service Tag, use the SupportAssist feature to automatically identify your computer. You
can also use the product ID or manually browse for your computer model.
3. Click Drivers & Downloads. Expand Find drivers.
4. Select the operating system installed on your computer.
5. In the Category drop-down list, select BIOS.
6. Select the latest version of BIOS, and click Download to download the BIOS file for your computer.
7. After the download is complete, browse the folder where you saved the BIOS update file.
8. Double-click the BIOS update file icon and follow the on-screen instructions.
For more information, search in the Knowledge Base Resource at www.dell.com/support.
Updating the BIOS using the USB drive in Windows
About this task
CAUTION:
 If BitLocker is not suspended before updating the BIOS, the next time you reboot the system it
will not recognize the BitLocker key. You will then be prompted to enter the recovery key to progress and the
system will ask for this on each reboot. If the recovery key is not known this can result in data loss or an
unnecessary operating system re-install. For more information on this subject, search in the Knowledge Base
Resource at www.dell.com/support.
Steps
1. Follow the procedure from step 1 to step 6 in Updating the BIOS in Windows to download the latest BIOS setup program file.
2. Create a bootable USB drive. For more information, search in the Knowledge Base Resource at www.dell.com/support.
3. Copy the BIOS setup program file to the bootable USB drive.
4. Connect the bootable USB drive to the computer that needs the BIOS update.
5. Restart the computer and press F12 .
6. Select the USB drive from the One Time Boot Menu.
7. Type the BIOS setup program filename and press Enter.
The BIOS Update Utility appears.
8. Follow the on-screen instructions to complete the BIOS update.
BIOS setup
61

--- Page 62 ---
Updating the BIOS from the F12 One-Time boot menu
Update your computer BIOS using the BIOS update.exe file that is copied to a FAT32 USB drive and booting from the F12
One-Time boot menu.
About this task
CAUTION: If BitLocker is not suspended before updating the BIOS, the next time you reboot the system it
will not recognize the BitLocker key. You will then be prompted to enter the recovery key to progress and the
system will ask for this on each reboot. If the recovery key is not known this can result in data loss or an
unnecessary operating system re-install. For more information on this subject, search in the Knowledge Base
Resource at www.dell.com/support.
BIOS Update
You can run the BIOS update file from Windows using a bootable USB drive or you can also update the BIOS from the F12
One-Time boot menu on the computer.
Most of the Dell computers built after 2012 have this capability, and you can confirm by booting your computer to the F12
One-Time Boot Menu to see if BIOS FLASH UPDATE is listed as a boot option for your computer. If the option is listed, then the
BIOS supports this BIOS update option.
NOTE: Only computers with BIOS Flash Update option in the F12 One-Time boot menu can use this function.
Updating from the One-Time boot menu
To update your BIOS from the F12 One-Time boot menu, you need the following:
● USB drive formatted to the FAT32 file system (key does not have to be bootable)
● BIOS executable file that you downloaded from the Dell Support website and copied to the root of the USB drive
● AC power adapter that is connected to the computer
● Functional computer battery to flash the BIOS
Perform the following steps to perform the BIOS update flash process from the F12 menu:
CAUTION:
 Do not turn off the computer during the BIOS update process. The computer may not boot if you turn
off your computer.
Steps
1. From a turn off state, insert the USB drive where you copied the flash into a USB port of the computer.
2. Turn on the computer and press F12 to access the One-Time Boot Menu, select BIOS Update using the mouse or arrow keys
then press Enter.
The flash BIOS menu is displayed.
3. Click Flash from file.
4. Select external USB device.
5. Select the file and double-click the flash target file, and then click Submit.
6. Click Update BIOS. The computer restarts to flash the BIOS.
7. The computer will restart after the BIOS update is completed.
System and setup password
Table 20. System and setup password 
Password type Description
System password Password that you must enter to log in to your system.
Setup password Password that you must enter to access and make changes to
the BIOS settings of your computer.
You can create a system password and a setup password to secure your computer.
62
BIOS setup

--- Page 63 ---
CAUTION: The password features provide a basic level of security for the data on your computer.
CAUTION: Anyone can access the data that is stored on your computer if it is not locked and left unattended.
NOTE: System and setup password feature is disabled.
Assigning a system setup password
Prerequisites
You can assign a new System or Admin Password only when the status is in Not Set.
About this task
To enter the system setup, press F12 immediately after a power-on or reboot.
Steps
1. In the System BIOS or System Setup screen, select Security and press Enter.
The Security screen is displayed.
2. Select System/Admin Password and create a password in the Enter the new password field.
Use the following guidelines to assign the system password:
● A password can have up to 32 characters.
● At least one special character: ! " # $ % & ' ( ) * + , - . / : ; < = > ? @ [ \ ] ^ _ ` { | }
● Numbers 0 through 9.
● Upper case letters from A to Z.
● Lower case letters from a to z.
3. Type the system password that you entered earlier in the Confirm new password field and click OK.
4. Press Esc and save the changes as prompted by the pop-up message.
5. Press Y to save the changes.
The computer restarts.
Deleting or changing an existing system setup password
Prerequisites
Ensure that the Password Status is Unlocked (in the System Setup) before attempting to delete or change the existing
System and/or Setup password. You cannot delete or change an existing System or Setup password, if the Password Status is
Locked.
About this task
To enter the System Setup, press F12 immediately after a power-on or reboot.
Steps
1. In the System BIOS or System Setup screen, select System Security and press Enter.
The System Security screen is displayed.
2. In the System Security screen, verify that Password Status is Unlocked.
3. Select System Password, update, or delete the existing system password, and press Enter or Tab.
4. Select Setup Password, update, or delete the existing setup password, and press Enter or Tab.
NOTE:
 If you change the System and/or Setup password, reenter the new password when prompted. If you delete the
System and/or Setup password, confirm the deletion when prompted.
5. Press Esc and a message prompts you to save the changes.
6. Press Y to save the changes and exit from System Setup.
The computer restarts.
BIOS setup
63

--- Page 64 ---
Clearing CMOS settings
About this task
CAUTION: Clearing CMOS settings will reset the BIOS settings on your computer.
Steps
1. Remove the base cover.
2. Disconnect the battery cable from the system board.
3. Wait for one minute.
4. Connect the battery cable to the system board.
5. Replace the base cover.
Clearing BIOS (System Setup) and System passwords
About this task
To clear the system or BIOS passwords, contact Dell technical support as described at www.dell.com/contactdell.
NOTE: For information on how to reset Windows or application passwords, refer to the documentation accompanying
Windows or your application.
64 BIOS setup

--- Page 65 ---
Troubleshooting
Handling swollen Lithium-ion batteries
Like most laptops, Dell laptops use lithium-ion batteries. One type of lithium-ion battery is the lithium-ion polymer battery.
Lithium-ion polymer batteries have increased in popularity in recent years and have become standard in the electronics industry
due to customer preferences for a slim form factor (especially with newer ultra-thin laptops) and long battery life. Inherent to
lithium-ion polymer battery technology is the potential for swelling of the battery cells.
Swollen battery may impact the performance of the laptop. To prevent possible further damage to the device enclosure or
internal components leading to malfunction, discontinue the use of the laptop and discharge it by disconnecting the AC adapter
and letting the battery drain.
Swollen batteries should not be used and should be replaced and disposed of properly. We recommend contacting Dell product
support for options to replace a swollen battery under the terms of the applicable warranty or service contract, including options
for replacement by a Dell authorized service technician.
The guidelines for handling and replacing Lithium-ion batteries are as follows:
● Exercise caution when handling Lithium-ion batteries.
● Discharge the battery before removing it from the system. To discharge the battery, unplug the AC adapter from the system
and operate the system only on battery power. When the system will no longer power on when the power button is pressed,
the battery is fully discharged.
● Do not crush, drop, mutilate, or penetrate the battery with foreign objects.
● Do not expose the battery to high temperatures, or disassemble battery packs and cells.
● Do not apply pressure to the surface of the battery.
● Do not bend the battery.
● Do not use tools of any type to pry on or against the battery.
● If a battery gets stuck in a device as a result of swelling, do not try to free it as puncturing, bending, or crushing a battery
can be dangerous.
● Do not attempt to reassemble a damaged or swollen battery into a laptop.
● Swollen batteries that are covered under warranty should be returned to Dell in an approved shipping container (provided
by Dell)—this is to comply with transportation regulations. Swollen batteries that are not covered under warranty should be
disposed of at an approved recycling center. Contact Dell product support at https://www.dell.com/support for assistance
and further instructions.
● Using a non-Dell or incompatible battery may increase the risk of fire or explosion. Replace the battery only with a
compatible battery purchased from Dell that is designed to work with your Dell computer. Do not use a battery from other
computers with your computer. Always purchase genuine batteries from https://www.dell.com or otherwise directly from
Dell.
Lithium-ion batteries can swell for various reasons such as age, number of charge cycles, or exposure to high heat. For more
information on how to improve the performance and lifespan of the laptop battery and to minimize the possibility of occurrence
of the issue, search Dell Laptop Battery in the Knowledge Base Resource at www.dell.com/support.
Dell SupportAssist Pre-boot System Performance
Check diagnostics
About this task
SupportAssist diagnostics (also known as system diagnostics) performs a complete check of your hardware. The Dell
SupportAssist Pre-boot System Performance Check diagnostics is embedded with the BIOS and is launched by the BIOS
internally. The embedded system diagnostics provides a set of options for particular devices or device groups allowing you to:
● Run tests automatically or in an interactive mode
● Repeat tests
● Display or save test results
5
Troubleshooting 65

--- Page 66 ---
● Run thorough tests to introduce additional test options to provide extra information about the failed device(s)
● View status messages that inform you if tests are completed successfully
● View error messages that inform you of problems encountered during testing
NOTE: Some tests for specific devices require user interaction. Always ensure that you are present at the computer
terminal when the diagnostic tests are performed.
For more information, see https://www.dell.com/support/kbdoc/000180971.
Running the SupportAssist Pre-Boot System Performance Check
Steps
1. Turn on your computer.
2. As the computer boots, press the F12 key as the Dell logo appears.
3. On the boot menu screen, select the Diagnostics option.
4. Click the arrow at the bottom left corner.
Diagnostics front page is displayed.
5. Click the arrow in the lower-right corner to go to the page listing.
The items detected are listed.
6. To run a diagnostic test on a specific device, press Esc and click Yes to stop the diagnostic test.
7. Select the device from the left pane and click Run Tests.
8. If there are any issues, error codes are displayed.
Note the error code and validation number and contact Dell.
Built-in self-test (BIST)
M-BIST
M-BIST (Built In Self-Test) is the system board's built-in self-test diagnostics tool that improves the diagnostics accuracy of
system board embedded controller (EC) failures.
NOTE: M-BIST can be manually initiated before POST (Power On Self Test).
How to run M-BIST
NOTE: M-BIST must be initiated on the system from a power-off state either connected to AC power or with battery only.
1. Press and hold both the M key on the keyboard and the power button to initiate M-BIST.
2. With both the M key and the power button held down, the battery indicator LED may exhibit two states:
a. OFF: No fault detected with the system board
b. AMBER: Indicates a problem with the system board
3. If there is a failure with the system board, the battery status LED will flash one of the following error codes for 30 seconds:
Table 21. LED error codes 
Blinking Pattern Possible Problem
Amber White
2 1 CPU Failure
2 8 LCD Power Rail Failure
1 1 TPM Detection Failure
2 4 Unrecoverable SPI Failure
4. If there is no failure with the system board, the LCD will cycle through the solid color screens described in the LCD-BIST
section for 30 seconds and then power off.
66
Troubleshooting

--- Page 67 ---
LCD Power rail test (L-BIST)
L-BIST is an enhancement to the single LED error code diagnostics and is automatically initiated during POST. L-BIST will check
the LCD power rail. If there is no power being supplied to the LCD (i.e., the L-BIST circuit fails), the battery status LED will flash
either an error code [2,8] or an error code [2,7].
NOTE: If L-BIST fails, LCD-BIST cannot function as no power will be supplied to the LCD.
How to invoke L-BIST Test:
1. Press the power button to start the system.
2. If the system does not start up normally, look at the battery status LED:
● If the battery status LED flashes an error code [2,7], the display cable may not be connected properly.
● If the battery status LED flashes an error code [2,8], there is a failure on the LCD power rail of the system board, hence
there is no power supplied to the LCD.
3. For cases, when a [2,7] error code is shown, check to see if the display cable is properly connected.
4. For cases when a [2,8] error code is shown, replace the system board.
LCD Built-in Self Test (BIST)
Dell laptops have a built-in diagnostic tool that helps you determine if the screen abnormality you are experiencing is an inherent
problem with the LCD (screen) of the Dell laptop or with the video card (GPU) and PC settings.
When you notice screen abnormalities like flickering, distortion, clarity issues, fuzzy or blurry image, horizontal or vertical lines,
color fade etc., it is always a good practice to isolate the LCD (screen) by running the Built-In Self Test (BIST).
How to invoke LCD BIST Test
1. Power off the Dell laptop.
2. Disconnect any peripherals that are connected to the laptop. Connect only the AC adapter (charger) to the laptop.
3. Ensure that the LCD (screen) is clean (no dust particles on the surface of the screen).
4. Press and hold D key and Power on the laptop to enter LCD built-in self test (BIST) mode. Continue to hold the D key, until
the system boots up.
5. The screen will display solid colors and change colors on the entire screen to white, black, red, green, and blue twice.
6. Then it will display the colors white, black and red.
7. Carefully inspect the screen for abnormalities (any lines, fuzzy color or distortion on the screen).
8. At the end of the last solid color (red), the system will shut down.
NOTE:
 Dell SupportAssist Pre-boot diagnostics upon launch, initiates an LCD BIST first, expecting a user intervention
confirm functionality of the LCD.
System diagnostic lights
Battery-status light
Indicates the power and battery-charge status.
Solid white—Power adapter is connected and the battery has more than 5 percent charge.
Amber—Computer is running on battery and the battery has less than 5 percent charge.
Off
● Power adapter is connected, and the battery is fully charged.
● Computer is running on battery, and the battery has more than 5 percent charge.
● Computer is in sleep state, hibernation, or turned off.
The power and battery-status light blinks amber along with beep codes indicating failures.
For example, the power and battery-status light blinks amber two times followed by a pause, and then blinks white three times
followed by a pause. This 2,3 pattern continues until the computer is turned off indicating no memory or RAM is detected.
Troubleshooting
67

--- Page 68 ---
The following table shows different power and battery-status light patterns and associated problems.
Table 22. LED codes 
Diagnostic light codes Problem description Recommended Solution
1,1 TPM detection failure Replace the system board.
1,2 Unrecoverable SPI flash failure Replace the system board.
1,5 i-Fuse failure Replace the system board.
1,6 EC internal failure Disconnect all power source (AC, battery, coin cell)
and drain flea power by pressing and holding down the
power button.
2,1 Processor failure Replace the CPU. If CPU is on-board, replace the
system board.
2,2 System board: BIOS or ROM (Read-Only
Memory) failure
Replace the system board.
2,3 No memory or RAM (Random-Access
Memory) detected
Reseat and swap memory modules between the slots.
If the problem persists, replace the memory module
2,4 Memory or RAM (Random-Access
Memory) failure
Reseat and swap memory modules between the slots.
If the problem persists, replace the memory module.
2,5 Invalid memory installed Reseat and swap memory modules between the slots.
If the problem persists, replace the memory module.
2,6 System board or chipset error Replace the system board.
2,7 Display failure - SBIOS message Replace the LCD module.
2,8 Display failure - EC detection of power rail
failure
Replace the system board.
3,1 Coin-cell battery failure Reset the CMOS battery connection. If the problem
persists, replace the RTC battery.
3,2 PCI, video card/chip failure Replace the system board.
3,3 BIOS Recovery Image not found Flash latest BIOS version. If the problem persists,
replace the system board.
3,4 Recovery image found but invalid Flash latest BIOS version. If the problem persists,
replace the system board.
3,5 Power-rail failure Replace the system board.
3,6 System BIOS Flash incomplete Replace the system board.
3,7 Management Engine (ME) error Replace the system board.
Real-Time Clock (RTC Reset)
The Real Time Clock (RTC) reset function allows you or the service technician to recover Dell systems from No POST/No
Power/No Boot situations. The legacy jumper enabled RTC reset has been retired on these models.
Start the RTC reset with the system powered off and connected to AC power. Press and hold the power button for
thirty (30) seconds
. The system RTC Reset occurs after you release the power button.
68
Troubleshooting

--- Page 69 ---
Recovering the operating system
When your computer is unable to boot to the operating system even after repeated attempts, it automatically starts Dell
SupportAssist OS Recovery.
Dell SupportAssist OS Recovery is a standalone tool that is preinstalled in all Dell computers installed with Windows operating
system. It consists of tools to diagnose and troubleshoot issues that may occur before your computer boots to the operating
system. It enables you to diagnose hardware issues, repair your computer, back up your files, or restore your computer to its
factory state.
You can also download it from the Dell Support website to troubleshoot and fix your computer when it fails to boot into their
primary operating system due to software or hardware failures.
For more information about the Dell SupportAssist OS Recovery, see Dell SupportAssist OS Recovery User's Guide at
www.dell.com/serviceabilitytools. Click SupportAssist and then, click SupportAssist OS Recovery.
Backup media and recovery options
It is recommended to create a recovery drive to troubleshoot and fix problems that may occur with Windows. Dell proposes
multiple options for recovering Windows operating system on your Dell PC. For more information. see Dell Windows Backup
Media and Recovery Options.
WiFi power cycle
About this task
If your computer is unable to access the internet due to WiFi connectivity issues a WiFi power cycle procedure may be
performed. The following procedure provides the instructions on how to conduct a WiFi power cycle:
NOTE: Some ISPs (Internet Service Providers) provide a modem/router combo device.
Steps
1. Turn off your computer.
2. Turn off the modem.
3. Turn off the wireless router.
4. Wait for 30 seconds.
5. Turn on the wireless router.
6. Turn on the modem.
7. Turn on your computer.
Drain residual flea power (perform hard reset)
About this task
Flea power is the residual static electricity that remains in the computer even after it has been powered off and the battery is
removed.
For your safety, and to protect the sensitive electronic components in your computer, you are requested to drain residual flea
power before removing or replacing any components in your computer.
Draining residual flea power, also known as a performing a "hard reset", is also a common troubleshooting step if your computer
does not power on or boot into the operating system.
To drain residual flea power (perform a hard reset)
Steps
1. Turn off your computer.
2. Disconnect the power adapter from your computer.
Troubleshooting
69

--- Page 70 ---
3. Remove the base cover.
4. Remove the battery.
5. Press and hold the power button for 20 seconds to drain the flea power.
6. Install the battery.
7. Install the base cover.
8. Connect the power adapter to your computer.
9. Turn on your computer.
NOTE: For more information about performing a hard reset, search in the Knowledge Base Resource at www.dell.com/
support.
70 Troubleshooting

--- Page 71 ---
Getting help and contacting Dell
Self-help resources
You can get information and help on Dell products and services using these self-help resources:
Table 23. Self-help resources 
Self-help resources Resource location
Information about Dell products and services www.dell.com
My Dell app
Tips
Contact Support In Windows search, type Contact Support, and press
Enter.
Online help for operating system www.dell.com/support/windows
Access top solutions, diagnostics, drivers and downloads, and
learn more about your computer through videos, manuals and
documents.
Your Dell computer is uniquely identified by a Service Tag or
Express Service Code. To view relevant support resources for
your Dell computer, enter the Service Tag or Express Service
Code at www.dell.com/support.
For more information on how to find the Service Tag for your
computer, see Locate the Service Tag on your computer.
Dell knowledge base articles for a variety of computer
concerns
1. Go to www.dell.com/support.
2. On the menu bar at the top of the Support page, select
Support > Knowledge Base.
3. In the Search field on the Knowledge Base page, type the
keyword, topic, or model number, and then click or tap the
search icon to view the related articles.
Contacting Dell
To contact Dell for sales, technical support, or customer service issues, see www.dell.com/contactdell.
NOTE: Availability varies by country/region and product, and some services may not be available in your country/region.
NOTE: If you do not have an active Internet connection, you can find contact information about your purchase invoice,
packing slip, bill, or Dell product catalog.
6
Getting help and contacting Dell 71

