Brand: ECS
Model: G733
URL: https://www.manua.ls/ecs/g733/manual
Total Pages: 77
============================================================

--- Page 3 ---
i 
Preface 

Copyright 2004 
All Rights Reserved.                                                                         
The information in this document is subject to change without prior notice in order to improve 
reliability, design and function and does not represent a commitment on the part of the manufacturer. 
In no event will the manufacturer be liable for direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential 
damages arising out of the use or inability to use the product or documentation, even if advised of the 
possibility of such damages. 
This document contains proprietary information protected by copyright. All rights are reserved.  No 
part of this manual may be reproduced by any mechanical, electronic, or other means in any form 
without prior written permission of the manufacturer. 
Trademarks 
AMI is a trademark of American Megatrends Inc.  AutoCAD and Autoshade are trademarks of 
Autodesk, Inc. IBM, OS/2, and VGA are trademarks of International Business Machines Corp. Lotus, 
1-2-3, and Symphony are trademarks of Lotus Development Corp. Windows, Word, MS-DOS, and 
Microsoft are trademarks of Microsoft Corp.  VESA is a trademark of Video Electronics Standards 
Association. 
Other product names mentioned herein are used for identification purposes only and may be 
trademarks and/or registered trademarks of their respective companies. 
Limitation of Liability 
While reasonable efforts have been made to ensure the accuracy of this manual, the manufacturer and 
distributor assume no liability resulting from errors or omissions in this manual, or from the use of the 
information contained herein.

--- Page 4 ---
Notices 
Federal Communications Commission Radio Frequency Interference Statement 
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a 
Class B digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules.  These limits 
are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference 
in a residential installation.  This equipment generates, uses, and can 
radiate radio frequency energy and if not installed and used in accordance 
with the instruction manual may cause harmful interference to radio 
communications.  However, there is no guarantee that interference will not 
occur in a particular installation.  If this equipment does cause harmful 
interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by 
turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct 
the interference by one or more of the following measures: 
  Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna. 
  Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver. 
  Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is 
connected. 
  Consult the dealer or an experienced radio TV technician for help. 
Notice: 
Changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance could void 
the user’s authority to operate the equipment.  Shielded interface cables and a non-shielded AC power 
cord must be used in order to comply with emission limits.   
This equipment is to be used with power supply: 
I/P: 100-240 Vac, 50-60Hz, 1.5A 
O/P: 19Vdc, 4.74A 
or I/P: 100-240 Vac, 50-60Hz,  
O/P: 19Vdc, 6.3A 
There is no internal power supply. 
ii

--- Page 5 ---
Canadian DOC Notice For Class B Computing Devices 
This Class B digital apparatus meets all requirements of the Canadian Interference - Causing 
Equipment Regulations. 
Cet appareil numerique de la classe B repecte toutes les exigences du Règlement sur le matèriel 
brouilleur du Canada. 
 
iii

--- Page 6 ---
This page is intentionally blank 
iv

--- Page 8 ---
Personal Inventory 
This Notebook computer system is designed for years of productive and pleasurable computing.  Use 
this section to keep notes about details of your purchase.  Update this section when you add new 
options.  
 
Date of Purchase: 
 
Dealer’s Name:  
 
Phone:  
 
Address:  
 
E-Mail Address: 
 
WWW Site: 
 
 
Serial Number: 
 
CPU Type: 
 
Hard Disk Capacity: 
 
Memory Capacity: 
 
Optional Equipment: 
 
 
 
 
 
vi

--- Page 9 ---
1 
 
Before you Start 
Conventions of This manual 
Use this manual will help you get the most from your notebook computer.   
  If you are an experienced user of computers and/or Microsoft’s Windows operating systems, you 
might find it useful to read the Quick Start Guide that comes along with your accessories. 
  If you are a less experienced user, you should through the manual carefully before using your 
system. 
Whether or not you are an experienced user, you should consult on the Troubleshooting Chapter if 
you encounter any problems with your notebook.   
The check mark symbol indicates that you should take note on every 
detailed information when you encounter some function that might be 
useful when you are using your notebook. 
 
The pencil symbol identifies information which is important for you to 
read to avoid damage to the computer.

--- Page 10 ---
This warning cautions you against actions which might be destructive to 
your data or might disrupt proper system operation. 
Safety Precautions 
This section is designed to assist you in identifying potentially unsafe conditions while working with 
this product.  Required safety features have been installed in the computer to protect you from injury.  
However, you should use good judgment to identify potential safety hazards: 
1.  Please read these safety instructions carefully. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
6. 
7. 
8. 
9. 
10. 
11. 
12. 
13. 
Please keep this User's Manual for later reference. 
Please disconnect this equipment from AC outlet before cleaning.  Don't use liquid or sprayed 
detergent for cleaning.  Use moisture sheet or cloth for cleaning. 
For pluggable equipment, that the socket-outlet shall be installed near the equipment and shall 
be easily accessible. 
Please keep this equipment from humidity. 
Lay this equipment on a reliable surface when installed.  A drop or fall could cause injury. 
Make sure to use the right voltage for the power source when connecting the equipment to the 
power outlet. 
Place the power cord in such a way that people can not step on it.  Do not place anything on top 
of the power cord. 
All cautions and warnings on the equipment should be noted. 
If the equipment is not use for a long time, disconnect the equipment from the main power 
outlet to avoid being damaged by transient overvoltage. 
Never pour any liquid into the opening, this could cause fire or electrical shock. 
Never open the equipment.  For safety reason, the equipment should only be opened by a 
qualified service personnel. 
If on the following situations arises, get the equipment checked by a service personnel: 
  The Power cord or plug is damaged. 
  Liquid has penetrated into the equipment. 
  The equipment has been exposed to moisture. 
  The equipment has not worked well or you cannot get it work according to the user's manual. 
  The equipment has dropped and damaged. 
2

--- Page 11 ---
  If the equipment has obvious sign of breakage. 
14. 
15. 
16. 
17. 
18. 
Do not leave this equipment in an environment unconditioned, storage temperature above 60°C 
(140°f), it may damage the equipment. 
The unit can be operated at an ambient temperature of max. 35°C. 
The sound pressure level at the operators position according to IEC 704-1: 1982 is equal or less 
than 70 dB(A). 
Power Cord Requirements 
The power cord set used with the AC adaptor must meet the requirements of the country where 
you use the AC adaptor, whether it is 100-120 or 200-240 Vac. The following information 
explains the requirements for power cord set selection. 
•  The cord set must be approved for the country in which it is used. 
•  The appliance coupler must have a configuration for mating with a 
CEE22/EN6032/IEC 320 appliance inlet. 
  For U.S. and Canada: 
•  The cord set must be UL Listed and CSA Certified. 
•  The minimum specifications for the flexible cord are No. 18 AWG. 
  For Japan: 
•  All components of the cord set must bear a “PSE” or “ T ” mark and registration 
number in accordance with the Japanese Dentori Law. 
•  The minimum specifications for the flexible cord are .75m ㎡ conductors. 
  For Other Countries: 
•  The cord set fittings must bear the certification mark of the agency responsible for 
evaluation in a specific country. 
•  The flexible cord must be of a HAR (harmonized) type H03VV-F. 
•  The cord set must have a current capacity of a least 2.5 Amperes and voltage rating of 
125 or 250 Vac. 
When using your telephone equipment, basic safety precautions should always be followed to 
reduce the risk of fire, electric shock and injury to persons.  These precautions includes the 
following: 
  Do not use this product near water, for example, near a bathtub, washbowl, kitchen sink or 
laundry tub, in a wet basement or near a swimming pool. 
  Avoid using a telephone (other than a cordless type) during an electrical storm.  There may be 
a remote risk of electric shock from lightning. 
  Do not use the telephone to report a gas leak in the vicinity of the leak. 
3

--- Page 12 ---
  Use only the power cord indicated in this manual. 
19. 
20. 
21. 
22. 
Do not use the AC adapter near open water or other liquids. Never spill liquid into the AC 
adapter. 
Laser Warning: Laser Class I Product Caution - Invisible laser radiation when open avoid 
exposure to beam. 
Danger of explosion if battery is incorrectly replaced.  Replace only with the same or 
equivalent type recommended by the manufacturer.  Dispose of used batteries according to the 
manufacturer's instructions.  Never remove the battery pack while the power is on as this may 
result in data loss when the system loses power. 
The input receptacle is used as the main disconnecting device. 
Wichtige Sicherheitshinweise 
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
6. 
7. 
8. 
9. 
10. 
11. 
12. 
13. 
Bitte lesen Sie diese Hinweis sorgfältig durch. 
Heben Sie dirse Anleitung für den späteren Gebrauch auf. 
Vor jedem Reinigen ist das Gerät vom Stromnetz zu trennen.  Versenden Sie Keine Flüssig- 
oder Aerosolreiniger.  Am besten eignet sich ein angefeuchtetes Tuch zur Reinigung. 
Die Netzanschluβsteckdose soll nahe dem Gerät angebracht und leicht zugänglich sein. 
Das Gerät ist vor Feuchtigkeit zu schützen. 
Bei der Aufstellung des Gerätes ist auf sicheren Stand zu achten.  Ein Kippen oder Fallen 
könnte Beschädigungen hervorrufen. 
Beachten Sie beim Anschluß an das Stromnet die Anschlußwerte. 
Verlegen Sie die Netzanschlußleitung so, daß niemand darüber fallen kann.  Es sollte auch 
nichts auf der Leitun abgestellt werden. 
Alle Hinweise und Warnungen, die sich am Gerät  befinden, sind zu beachten. 
Wird das Gerät üeinen längeren Zeitraum nicht benutzt, sollten Sie es vom Stromnetz trennen.  
Somit wird im Falle einer Überspannung eine Beschädigung vermieden. 
Durch die Lüftungsöffnungen dürfen niemals Gegenstände oder Flüssigkeien in das Gerät 
gelangen.  Dies könne einen Brand bzw.  Elektrischen Schlag auslösen. 
Öffnen Sie niemals das Gerät.  Das Gerät darf aus Gründen der elektrischen Sicherheit nur von 
authorisiertem Servicepersonal  geöffnet werden. 
Wenn folgende Situationen auftreten ist das Gerät vom Stromnetz zu trennen und von einer 
qualifizierten Servicestelle zu Überprüfung.: 
4

--- Page 13 ---
  Netzlabel oder Netzstecker sind beschädigt. 
  Flüssigkeit ist in das Gerät eingedrungen. 
  Das Gerät war Feuchtigkeit ausgesetzt. 
  Wenn das Gerät nicht der Bedienungsanleitung entsprechend funktioniert oder Sie mit Hilfe 
dieser Anleitung keine Verbesserung erzielen. 
  Das Gerät ist gefallen und/oder das Gehäuse ist beschädigt. 
  Wenn das Gerät deutliche Anzeichen eines Defektes aufweist. 
14. 
15. 
16. 
17. 
18. 
VORSICHT: Explosiongsgetahr bei unsachgemäßen Austausch der Batterie.  Ersatz nur durch 
denselben oder einem vom Hersteller empfohlenem ähnlichen Typ.  Entsorgung gebrauchter 
Batterien nach Angaben des Herstellers. 
Dieses Schaltnetzteil kann bis zu einer Außentemperatur von maximal 35ºC. 
Die Ausgangswerte dürfen nicht die auf dem Label angegebenen Werte überschreiten. 
Anforderungen an das Stromkabel 
Das Kabel-Set, das an das Netzteil angeschlossen wird, muss den Anforderungen des Landes, 
in dem Sie das Netzteil einsetzen, genügen, je nachdem, ob die Netzspannung 100-120 oder 
200-240V Wechselspannung beträgt. 
•  Das Kabel-Set muss für das Land, in dem es eingesetzt wird, zugelassen sein. 
•  Der Gerätestecker des Kabels muss in eine CEE22/ EN603/ IEC 320 Buchse passen. 
  Für die USA und Kanada: 
•  Das Kabel-Set muss UL-gelistet und CSA zertifiziert sein. 
•  Die Minimalanforderungen für das Kabel entsprechen No. 18 AWG. 
  Für Japan: 
•  Alle Teile des Kabel-Sets müssen entsprechend dem japanischen Dentori Law mit 
einem „PSE“ or „T”-Symbol markiert sein 
•  Die Minimalanforderungen für das Kabel sind .75m ㎡ Leiter. 
  Für andere Länder: 
•  Die Zubehörteile des Kabel-Sets müssen das Prüfsiegel derjenigen Stelle, die in dem 
jeweiligen Land für die Sicherheitsprüfung zuständig ist, tragen. 
•  Das Kabel muss vom HAR (harmonisierten) Typ H03VV-F sein. 
•  Das Kabel-Set muss eine Stromkapazität von mindestens 2,5 Ampere haben und 
Spannungen von 125 oder 250 V Wechselstrom gestatten. 
Bei der Benutzung Ihres Telefongerätes sollten Sie immer die grundlegenden 
Sicherheitsmaßnahmen beachten, um das Risiko von Feuer, Stromschlägen und Verletzungen 
zu minimieren. Zu beachten sind u.a. folgende Punkte:  
5

--- Page 14 ---
  Benutzen Sie das Gerät nicht in der Nähe von Wasser, wie zum Beispiel Badewanne, 
Waschbecken, Spülbecken, Waschbottich, in feuchten Kellerräumen oder in der Nähe von 
Schwimmbecken.  
  Benutzen Sie kein Telefon (ausgenommen schnurlose Modelle) während eines Gewitters. Es 
besteht das geringe Restrisiko eines Blitzschlages.  
  Benutzen Sie das Telefon nicht um ein Gasleck zu melden, falls es sich in der Nähe des Lecks 
befindet. 
  Benutzen Sie nur solch ein Stromkabel, wie in dieser Anleitung beschrieben. 
19. 
20. 
21. 
22. 
Benutzen Sie das Netzteil nicht in unmittelbarer Nähe zu Wasser oder anderen Flüssigkeiten. 
Gießen Sie nie Flüssigkeiten über das Netzteil. 
Achtung Laser: Laser Produkt der Klasse I. Achtung - Unsichtbarer Laserstrahl, vermeiden Sie 
Kontakt mit dem Strahl bei offenem Gehäuse. 
Es besteht Explosionsgefahr, wenn der Akku nicht ordnungsgemäß ersetzt wird. Ersetzen Sie 
den Akku nur durch einen Akku gleichen oder äquivalenten Typs, der vom Hersteller 
empfohlen wird. Entsorgen Sie Akkus entsprechend den Anweisungen des Herstellers. 
Entfernen Sie den Akku auf keinen Fall bei eingeschaltetem Notebook, da hierdurch Daten 
verloren gehen könnten. 
Der Netzeingabeanschluss dient als Hauptschalter des Geräts. 
Things you must remember before working on your computer 
Let your computer acclimate itself 
Your notebook can easily stand temperature extremes but it doesn’t like rapid changes in temperature, 
like going from the cold outdoors to a warm office.  Rapid changes in temperature can cause water 
droplets to condense inside your case, threatening to damage the electronic parts inside.  After 
receiving your notebook when it’s hot or cold outside, try not to power up the computer immediately, 
let the computer adjust to the room temperature gradually at least for three to four hours. 
If your system arrives in cold weather, do not apply power to the computer 
or monitor until they have been allowed to come to room temperature. 
Heat, Cold, Humidity, and Glare 
Find a suitable place for your computer that’s not too hot, too cold, too dark, or too bright.  Glare can 
make it hard to read the screen.   
6

--- Page 15 ---
  Try to avoid the computer components from being destroyed if it is over heated, so try to allow 
plenty of room for air to circulate around the case.   
  Do not block the ventilation opening.  
  Do not place your computer in direct sunlight. 
Suitable place to work 
Your computer will run well wherever you’re comfortable but extremes of temperature and humidity 
can be challenging to your system’s parts. 
There are some things you can tolerate that the computer can’t – things like static electricity, dust, 
water, steam and oil.  In case you decide to pull over for roadside computing, try to choose a clean, 
comfortable work area for your system. 
A lithium-ion battery pack will be available when you are traveling.  If you are running your system 
for the first time on battery power, remove the battery from the package, install it into the system and 
recharge the battery to fully prepare for service. 
 
7

--- Page 16 ---
Introduction 
Welcome to the Notebook PC 
Congratulations on your purchase of the Notebook PC.  Your Notebook features the latest advances in 
portable computing technology.  The Notebook’s modular design provides maximum expandability 
without compromising portability. The high-performance CPU and enhanced IDE hard drive provides 
you with extra processing power for handling complex graphics and running large programs.   
One PCMCIA slot gives you the ability to use standard PCMCIA cards, such as a LAN adapter or 
memory cards.   
Unpacking the Notebook 
The Notebook comes securely packaged in a sturdy cardboard shipping carton.  Upon receiving your 
Notebook, open the carton and carefully remove the contents.  If anything is missing or damaged, 
please contact your Notebook dealer immediately.  The shipping carton should contain the following 
items: 
  The Notebook computer 
  An AC adapter 
  An AC power cord 
  Software Drivers CD 
8

--- Page 17 ---
Do not throw the packaging materials away.  You may need them later if you have to ship the 
computer for repairs. 
Getting to Know Your Computer 
Opening the LCD Panel 
At the front of the Notebook you will find a retaining latch on the display panel that locks the display 
in closed position when the Notebook is not in use. 
1.  Locate the display latch on the front of the unit.  Slide the latch until the display panel releases.  
2. 
3. 
Raise the LCD screen and the machine will go to incline position.  
At any time you can tilt the display toward or away from you to a comfortable viewing position. 
 
To avoid damage to the display panel: 
1.  Try not to slam the display upon closing it. 
2.  Try not to place any object on top when it is closed or open. 
With the LCD screen open, you will see several features important for operating your Notebook 
computer.  Each of these features is briefly described below: 
9

--- Page 18 ---
1. 
2. 
3. 
LCD Cover Release Latch 
LCD Screen 
Short-cut Keys 
1.  Internet Explorer Button  
2.  Outlook Express Button  
10

--- Page 19 ---
4.  System Status Indicator Panel 
 
Indicates the computer is accessing the PCMCIA drive. 
Indicates that the computer is accessing the DVD-ROM drive. 
 
Indicates that the computer is accessing the hard disk drive. 
 
Indicates that the keyboard is in Num Lock mode.   
 
Indicates when the keyboard is in Caps Lock mode.  In this mode, the 
keyboard produces uppercase text when you press a key.  When you 
press the Caps Lock key again, the indicator goes off and the keyboard 
produces lowercase text. 
 
Indicates when the keyboard is in Scroll Lock mode.  Some applications 
will move information across the screen differently when Scroll Lock is 
on. 
11

--- Page 20 ---
5. 
6. 
7. 
8. 
9. 
10. 
11. 
Power/Resume Button 
Keyboard 
TouchPad 
Scroll Button 
TouchPad Buttons 
The Built-in Microphone 
Stereo Speakers 
The Left Side 
 
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
6. 
7. 
Kensington Lock 
USB Ports 
1394 Ports 
PCMCIA Socket Cover  
PCMCIA Socket Button  
External Microphone Jack  
Audio Line Out/SPDIF Jack 
12

--- Page 21 ---
LED Indicator 
 
A.  Battery Charge/Suspend  
An orange color light indicates the battery is in charging status.  When it turn to green color 
light it indicates the system is in suspend mode.  When the indicator light turn off, it indicates 
the system is in full charge. 
B.  Power On 
This indicator will lit when the notebook is powered on. 
13

--- Page 22 ---
The Right Side 
 
1.  The Modem Port 
Always disconnect all telephone lines from the wall outlet before 
servicing or disassembling this equipment.  To reduce the risk of fire use 
only No. 26 AWG or larger telecommunication line cord. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
The DVD-ROM or DVD Combo 
Smart Fan 
DC IN Connector 
The Rear 
 
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
Parallel Port  
External CRT Port  
Smart Fan 
TV Out Port 
The LAN Port 
14

--- Page 23 ---
When using a LAN, please use an EMI Shielding Cable to minimize an 
inteference when transmitting. 
 
6. 
7. 
Infrared Data Port 
Ventilation Opening 
The Bottom Panel 
 
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
The CD-ROM/DVD-ROM/Combo Drive 
Battery Release Latch 
Battery 
CPU Compartment 
Hard Disk Drive 
 
 
15

--- Page 25 ---
17 
 
Getting Started 
Connecting to a Power Source 
Connecting the AC Adapter 
A universal AC adapter is provided to supply your computer with power and also charge the 
computer’s battery pack.   
The power cord for the AC adapter requires a three-hole grounded AC 
outlet.  Please do not remove the 3rd pin of the three pin plug of your power 
cord to avoid error when running some application. 
The adapter’s AC input voltage can range anywhere from 100 to 240 volts, covering the standard 
voltages available in almost every country.  
To connect the computer to an external power source: 
1.  Plug the AC adapter’s connector into the DC-IN 
connector on the computer. 
2.  Connect the power cord to the AC adapter and then to a 
wall outlet.

--- Page 26 ---
The best kind of AC power source to connect your Notebook to is a UPS 
(Uninterruptible Power Supply).  Lacking this, use a power strip with a built-
in surge protector.  Do not use inferior extension cords as this may result in 
damage to your Notebook.  The Notebook comes with its own AC adapter. 
Do not use a different adapter to power the computer and  other electrical 
devices. 
Whenever possible, keep the AC adapter plugged into the Notebook and an electrical outlet to 
recharge the battery.   
Never turn off or reset your Notebook while the hard disk is in use and the 
HDD status icon is lit; doing so can result in loss or destruction of your 
data.  Always wait at least 5 seconds after turning off your Notebook before 
turning it back on; turning the power on and off in rapid succession can 
damage the Notebook’s electrical circuitry. 
Turning On Your Notebook Computer 
Turn on your Notebook by pressing the power button.  Hold the button down for a second or two and 
release.  The Power-On Self Test (POST) runs automatically.  After the POST is completed, the 
computer reads the operating system from the hard disk drive into computer memory (this is 
commonly referred to as “booting” a computer).  If your OS (Operating System such as Windows 
XP…. etc)  is installed, it should start automatically.  To turn the Notebook off, save your work and 
close all open applications, click on Start, then Shut Down and select Shut down the computer and 
click "Yes" or press the power button for 4-6 seconds. 
Operating on Battery Power  
Your computer comes with a rechargeable battery pack that lets you operate the computer without an 
external power source.  When the battery pack is fully charged, you can operate the computer for 
approximately 2 hours under the following conditions:  
  The battery pack initially has a full charge. 
  No peripheral devices are installed. 
  The disk/DVD-ROM drives run no more than 10% of the time. 
Only use batteries that are approved by an authorized dealer that is used on 
for this model only.  All batteries are not the same and therefore should not 
be treated as such.  Using the wrong battery could cause serious damage to 
your computer and yourself through toxic emissions. 
18

--- Page 27 ---
Inserting and Removing the Battery Pack 
The battery pack should already be inserted in your Notebook computer when you unpack it.  If not 
inserted, follow these directions: 
1.  Turn over the notebook with the front of the unit facing you and place it on a solid, flat surface. 
2.  Angle the battery into the bay.  The front edge of the battery should slide into the grooves in 
the system case. 
 
3. 
2. 
Gently lower the battery into the bay and push it until it clicks securely in the bay. 
To remove the battery pack: 
1.  Turn off the notebook, and disconnect the AC adapter.  Close the LCD panel and turn it over 
and place it on a solid, flat surface.   
Lift the release latch to release the battery from the bay.  At this time the battery will now be 
angled slightly out of the bay. 
19

--- Page 28 ---
3.  Hold the battery at the finger grip and lift it out of the compartment. 
Charging the Battery Pack 
The installed battery pack charges automatically any time the computer is connected to the AC 
adapter and an external power source.  If this is your first time to use the battery, be sure to fully 
discharge the battery and recharged until it is fully charged. 
 
For fast charging of the battery, we recommend you to first power off the 
system then start the charging operation under the following CPU type: 
2.4G/FSB 533MHz/1M Cache and above 
2.8G/FSB 800MHz/1M Cache and above 
3.0G/FSB 800MHz/512K Cache and above 
3.06G/FSB 533MHz/512K Cache and above 
 
20

--- Page 29 ---
21 
 
Using the Notebook Computer 
Adjusting the LCD Screen Display 
The LCD screen display can be adjusted by the following key combinations. 
KEYS   FUNCTIONS
[Fn] + [F7]  Decreases the brightness level. 
[Fn] + [F8]  Increases the brightness level. 
[Fn] + [F10] Use this key combination to expand your video screen or reset to its original 
size. 
[Fn] + [F12] This key combination toggles the display between the LCD, CRT, 
simultaneous LCD/CRT, TV, simultaneous CRT/TV.. 
LCD Care 
LCD screens are delicate devices that need careful handling.  Please pay attention to the following 
precautions: 
  When you are not using the computer, keep the LCD screen closed to protect it from dust.   
  If you need to clean your LCD screen, use a soft tissue to gently wipe the LCD surface.   
  Do not put your fingers or sharp objects directly on the surface and never spray cleaner directly 
onto the display. 
  Do not press on, or store any objects on the cover when it is closed.  Doing so may cause the 
LCD to break.

--- Page 30 ---
External CRT Display 
You can hook up an external monitor through the 15-pin CRT connector.  Five configurations are 
available: 
  LCD only 
  CRT only 
  Simultaneous display of the LCD screen and CRT monitor 
  TV only 
  Simultaneous display of the TV screen and CRT monitor 
You can switch between these display configurations by pressing the key combination [Fn] + [F12].  
For information on connecting an external display, please refer to Chapter Four. 
A Tour of the Notebook’s Keyboard 
The Notebook’s keyboard uses a standard QWERTY layout with the addition of special function keys 
and an embedded numeric keypad for number intensive data entry.  Your keyboard supports Windows  
by incorporating the two Windows specific keys.  With the two Windows keys you will be able to 
access and take advantage of many of the timesaving features of Windows software. 
The function keys (F1-F12) on the top row of the keyboard, serve different purposes and carry out 
different tasks depending on the application you are running.   
The cursor (arrow) keys (which are all located in the lower right corner of your keyboard) and the 
[PgUp], [PgDn], [Home] and [End] keys (which are located along the right edge of the keyboard) 
allow you to move the active cursor of the computer to various locations on the screen or within the 
document. 
The embedded numeric keypad consists of 16 keys that make number intensive input more convenient.  
Like the [Num Lock] key, these keys are labeled in blue on the keycaps.  Numeric assignments are 
located at the upper right of each key.   
When the numeric keypad is engaged, the NumLock icon will appear in the System Window.  The 
keypad is activated by pressing the [Fn] + [NumLk] key.  If an external keyboard is connected, 
pressing the NumLock key on either the Notebook or external keyboard will enable/disable NumLock 
of both keyboards in unison. 
To disable the Notebook numeric keypad while keeping the keypad on an external keyboard activated, 
use the [Fn] + [NumLk] hot key on the Notebook keyboard. 
22

--- Page 31 ---
The Notebook’s Hot Key Controls 
KEYS   FUNCTION(S)
Power Button  Press this button once to power on or enter the suspend/resume 
mode. 
Press this button for more than 4 seconds to power off the system. 
Internet Button Open Internet WWW Home short-cut key 
Email Button  Open Email Reader short-cut key 
[Fn] + [F2]  This key combination turns on/off the volume. 
[Fn] + [F3]  Decreases the speaker volume.   
[Fn] + [F4]  Increases the speaker volume.   
[Fn] + [F5]  Enable/Disable the system Touchpad function 
[Fn] + [F7]  Decreases the brightness level. 
[Fn] + [F8]  Increases the brightness level. 
[Fn] + [F10]  Use this key combination to expand your video screen or reset to its 
original size. 
[Fn] + [F12]  This key combination toggles the display between the LCD, CRT, 
simultaneous LCD/CRT, TV, simultaneous CRT/TV. 
The TouchPad 
The touchpad is an electronic panel located just 
below your keyboard.   
You can use the static-sensitive panel of the 
touchpad and slit it to move the cursor.   
You can use the buttons below the touchpad as 
left and right mouse buttons. 
 
 
23

--- Page 32 ---
TouchPad Precautions 
The TouchPad is a pressure sensitive device.  Please take note of the following precautions. 
  Make sure the TouchPad does not come into contact with dirt, liquids or grease. 
  Do not touch the TouchPad if your fingers are dirty. 
  Do not rest heavy objects on the TouchPad or the TouchPad buttons. 
You can use the TouchPad with Microsoft Windows as well as non-Windows applications. 
Connecting an External Tracking Devices 
The system will only enable you to use one tracking device whether it is an internal or external 
tracking device.  
Data Storage and Retrieval 
Data storage and retrieval are two of the most fundamental tasks you will perform when working with 
your computer.  The Notebook is equipped with a hard disk drive (HDD).  The HDD is removable 
allowing for easy upgrades.  
The CD-ROM, DVD-ROM, Combo Drive or DVD Dual  
Features of the CD-ROM, DVD-ROM, Combo Drive or DVD Dual 
The features of the CD-ROM, DVD-ROM, Combo Drive or DVD Dual drive are listed below. 
  The Audio Play feature allows you to play music CDs 
  Front panel load/unload button 
  Supports CD-DA, DVD-ROM mode 1 and mode 2, Multi-Session Photo CD™, CD-I/Video CD 
(pcs.) 
  Low power consumption 
  12.7mm height 
Precautions for Handling CD-ROM, DVD-ROM, Combo Drive or DVD Dual Discs 
  Always hold the disc by the edges, avoid touching the surface. 
  Use a clean, dry, cloth to remove dust, smudges, or fingerprints.  Wipe from the center outward. 
  Do not write or place objects on the surface of the disc. 
  Store discs in a cool dry place not to damage the disc.   
24

--- Page 33 ---
  Do not use benzene, thinners, or cleaners with detergent.  Only use DVD-ROM cleaning kits. 
  Do not bend or drop the discs. 
Loading a Disc 
To play a CD disc, follow the instructions listed below. 
  Push the CD-ROM, DVD-ROM, Combo Drive or DVD Dual eject button on the CD drive door.  
Gently pull the tray all the way out. 
  Carefully lift the disc by the edges and make sure the shiny surface is face down (the side with 
no writing on it).  Carefully insert the disc onto the tray.  Push the disc down gently so that it 
snaps onto the center ring. 
  Push the tray back into the drive. 
To remove a disc, do the following: 
  Check the LED display and make sure that the computer is not accessing the CD-ROM, DVD-
ROM, Combo Drive or DVD Dual  drive. 
  Push the eject button and pull the tray all the way out. 
  Carefully pick up the disc by the edges and – while pressing down on the center ring – remove 
the CD disk  from the tray.   
Do not insert any foreign objects into the disc tray.  If you experience difficulty when ejecting the CD 
disk tray, stretch a paper clip (or use a pin or a thin metal rod) and insert it into the emergency eject 
hole located on the right side of the front panel.  The CD disk tray should eject immediately.  This 
procedure can also be used to remove a CD from the drive when the Notebook is powered off. 
PCMCIA Cards and Expansion Sockets 
The Notebook features one PCMCIA expansion socket design to interface with one Type II card.   
Inserting a PCMCIA Card 
The computer will emit a medium tone followed by a high tone when a PC card is inserted.  When 
you eject a card, the computer will emit a high tone followed by a medium tone.  You can insert and 
remove a PC card whether the computer is turned On or Off. 
Follow these instructions to insert a PCMCIA card: 
  Hold the PCMCIA card with the arrow side up and the connector side toward the socket. 
25

--- Page 34 ---
  Align the card connectors with the socket and carefully slide into the socket until it locks into 
place.  The system will beep once to indicate that it has detected the PC card. 
To remove a PC card push the eject button, the button will pop-out, push the button again to eject the 
PCMCIA.   
When inserting a Type II PC card, make sure the connector is inserted in the socket.  Before ejecting a 
PC card, ensure that it is not being accessed by the System. For example, if the message “Write 
protect error writing Drive x” is displayed, the user has to change the write protect switch setting on 
the memory card.  To change the switch setting, (a) eject the card, (b) change the switch setting, and 
(c) re-insert the card. 
Always disconnect all telephone lines from the wall outlet before servicing or disassembling this 
equipment.  To reduce the risk of fire, use only No. 26 AWG or larger telecommunication line cord. 
Power Saving Modes 
This section contains information on the Notebook’s power system, including the AC Adapter, the 
battery system, recharging the battery, and tips for conserving battery power.   
The power system is comprised of two parts, the AC Adapter and the battery system.  The AC 
Adapter converts AC power from a wall outlet to the DC power required by the computer.   
The Battery Power System 
A fully charged pack will provide approximately 2 hours of battery life depending on your system 
configuration application it runs.   
Before using the computer on battery power for the first time, check the battery status icon on the 
Windows Toolbar to make sure the battery is fully charged.   
See Battery Status later in this section for a description and explanation of the Windows Battery icon.  
Charging the battery takes about 3-4 hours to charge when the system is in off state.  If possible, 
always charge the battery completely.  
Removing the Battery Pack 
To remove the battery pack from its compartment, please refer to Chapter Three, Inserting and 
Removing the Battery Pack. 
26

--- Page 35 ---
Preparing the Battery Pack for Use 
Before using the battery pack for the first time, the Smart Battery IC within the battery pack should be 
calibrated in order to get accurate reporting of remaining battery life status.   
To calibrate the battery pack follows the instructions below: 
1.  Insert the battery into the battery compartment and turn on the Notebook.  If the battery is 
completely without power go to the next step.   
 
Otherwise, let the battery run down until the battery low-low warning beeps are heard.   
The system will automatically enter Suspend mode. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
Turn the Notebook off.  Connect the AC adapter and let the battery fully recharge.  When the 
battery charge indicator turns off, the battery is fully charged. 
Turn On the notebook, let the battery run down until the battery is in low-low state and you 
hear a warning beeps.  The system will automatically enter the Suspend mode.  You can now 
connect the AC adapter. 
The battery pack is now calibrated properly. 
In general, using the battery until the low-low battery-warning indicator appears and fully recharges 
the battery each time (full discharge/charge cycle) will ensure the accurate reporting of the battery 
gauge status. 
Automatic Battery Pack Charging Function  
You can automatically charge the battery pack by using the AC Adapter.  The charge time is about 
four hours when the Notebook power is turned off.   The following table summarizes the charging 
modes: 
Charge Mode  Charge Time 
Fast  4 hours with the system off or in Suspend mode.  The temperature 
must be 25°C or below room temperature. 
Pre-Charge  A pre-charge is supplied to the Li-Ion battery pack. 
Battery Status 
Windows XP has an applet in the Control Panel that will display an icon in the Windows taskbar 
indicating when the Notebook is running on battery power or is attached to the AC adapter.   
27

--- Page 36 ---
This applet also displays a meter that indicates how much charge is remaining in the battery.  
Battery Low Warning  
When the pack initially reaches the “Battery Low” state approximately 10 ~ 15 minutes of the usable 
battery life is left.   
You will hear an audible beep signal every 5 seconds alerting you to the “Battery Low” status.  When 
the battery power reaches the “Battery Low Low” status the beeping sound will accelerate.   
Your battery now has 1 ~ 2 minutes of battery charge remaining.  You must save your data or connect 
AC power immediately; otherwise, you may lose your data. 
Sound   Meaning
Continuous beeping every 
5 seconds 
Battery Low: Indicates that there is 7 to 10 minutes charge 
remaining.   
Continuous beeping sound 
every 1 second 
Battery Low Low:  Indicates that there is 1 to 2 minutes of 
battery charge remaining.  Save your work and turn off the 
Notebook, or connect the AC adapter. 
When there is only one minute of battery charge remaining, the Notebook will suspend to the HDD 
and power off.  You should connect AC power and resume to save your work. 
Small Battery for the Real Time Clock 
There is a small built-in battery pack that supplies power to the system in order to maintain certain 
system information while the power is off.  If the Notebook is left without a power source for long 
period of time, this battery will be exhausted and system information will be lost.   
Danger of explosion if battery is incorrectly replaced. Replace only with the same or equivalent type 
recommended by the manufacturer.  Dispose of used batteries according to the manufacturer's 
instructions.  Never remove the battery pack while the power is on as this may result in data loss when 
the system loses power. 
Resetting the System 
After installing a software application package, you may be prompted to reset the system to load the 
changed operating environment.  To reset the system, or “reboot,” press the [Ctrl] + [Alt] + [Delete] 
keys simultaneously.  This is known as “warm boot.”  This key combination acts as “software” reset 
switch when you encounter hardware or software problems, which lock up the Notebook.  
28

--- Page 37 ---
If this key combination does not shut down the Notebook, you can reset the Notebook by using the 
Notebook’s power button.  Should the Notebook lock up for some reason, pressing this button powers 
the Notebook off. 
Adjusting the Brightness  
To adjust the brightness on the LCD screen, press and hold down the [Fn] key in the lower left hand 
corner of the keyboard and press the [F7] key to reduce the brightness or [F8] to increase the 
brightness.  
 
 
 
 
29

--- Page 39 ---
31 
 
Desktop Operation 
Your notebook is capable of providing you with efficient and productive mobile computing; it also 
has the speed and capacity to service as a desktop system. 
This chapter discusses those functions of your notebook that are typical of desktop systems. 
Audio 
The Multimedia Sound System 
The Notebook’s built-in audio capabilities allow you to take advantage of a wide range of education 
and entertainment multimedia software. The Notebook is equipped with internal stereo speakers, a 
microphone, and input audio ports for external audio units.   
An external microphone can be connected to the microphone jack. External speakers or headphones 
can be connected to the Notebook’s audio-out jack.   
External audio devices can be connected to the Line in jack. All audio features are software controlled.  
The Notebook’s multimedia sound system includes the following features: 
  Supports Windows Sound System compatibility 
  Full Duplex operation 
  Dynamic filtering reduces noise and distortion rate 
  16-bit digitized audio playback 
  A built-in microphone for convenient recording

--- Page 40 ---
  Built-in stereo speakers 
  Digitized audio recording through the Notebook’s built-in microphone or any external source 
  SPDIF support (Default off) 
Audio Volume Control 
The Notebook is equipped with hot-key volume controls: Pressing the [Fn]+[F3] hot-key combination 
decreases the audio output volume; press the [Fn]+[F4] hot-key combination increases the audio 
output volume. 
Audio Software 
Your notebook comes equipped with an integrated sound system capable of providing you with 
quality audio sound through the built-in speakers or through external speakers connected via the 
system ports. 
Sound Recording 
Your system allows you to record sounds and store them as files using the microphone via the 
microphone jack of the notebook computer. Check the Windows Help and Support Center in Windows 
for information on using the various elements in sound recording. 
For a high-quality sound, click on the "Volume Control" at the lower right end of your screen.   From 
the Volume Control windows, click the “Options” item and select the “Properties”.  From the 
windows, click on the “Recording” tab and press OK then proceeds on "Advanced" tab, click and 
select the "Microphone Boost" item. 
Playing Sound Files 
Your notebook can play audio files stored in MIDI, WAVE or MP3 file format.  Check the Help and 
Support Center in Windows for information on the functions of the Media Player. 
External Speakers and Microphone 
The sound system is capable in providing high-quality sound to external speakers and receiving and 
processing sounds from an external microphone or external sound source. 
32

--- Page 41 ---
Connecting Peripheral Devices 
Installing the External monitor 
This machine allows use of an external monitor.  After you have finished installing it, press 
[FN]+[F12] simultaneously to change the display 
Installing the Printer 
The installation of the printer is very easy.   Simply connect the enclosed cable to connect the 
notebook computer printer port to the printer.  You also have to install the printer driver.  Please 
follow the instructions in the printer manual for installation. 
Installing USB Devices 
USB devices are Plug & Play, just plug the USB device into any USB port on the notebook computer 
to use it.  There are some exceptions.  Some devices will not be supported by the OS.  In these cases 
you follow the instructions in the device’s manual to install the proper drivers in order use the USB 
devices. 
Installing 1394 Devices 
1394 is a very common transfer interface widely used in many audiovisual devices.  There are 
different sizes for 1394 plugs. The installation of 1394 devices is very easy, just follow the 
illustrations.  If the OS you use does not support the 1394 devices you plan to use, please follow the 
instructions in the manual to install the proper drivers or software applications to make the devices 
work. 
Connecting to the network 
Unless you are a technician, we do not recommend that you install to the Ethernet all by yourself.  
The illustration only shows how to connect the notebook to the network, the actual application and 
setting should be done following the instructions in the OS manual, or you should ask for a 
technician’s professional assistance. 
33

--- Page 42 ---
Installing the modem 
Using the modem to connect to the Internet is a common practice.  Connect the modem to this 
notebook according to the methods described on the right, and then use a phone cable to connect the 
slot on the modem to the jack of the phone line.  The hardware installation is complete.   
Then follow the instructions from your ISP (Internet Service Provider), to make the proper connection 
to the Internet. 
Connect peripheral devices to the computer's interface ports as shown below: 
 
 
34

--- Page 45 ---
37 
 
Configuring & Maintaining  
Your System 
Introduction 
The BIOS (Basic Input and Output System) Setup program is a menu driven utility that enables you to 
make changes to the system configuration and tailor your system to reflect installed hardware or alter 
system performance.  When the Notebook is turned back on, the system is configured with the values 
stored in CMOS.  With easy-to-use menus, you can configure such items as: 
  Hard drives and peripherals 
  Boot up Drive Sequence 
  Password protection 
  Power Management Features 
The settings made in the BIOS Setup program intimately affect how the Notebook performs.   
Navigating through BIOS Setup 
The Setup program has been designed to make it as easy to use as possible.  If you accidentally make 
a setting and don’t know which one to switch back to, the Setup program has a hot key that allows 
you to return to the previous value.

--- Page 46 ---
Accessing the BIOS Setup Program 
To access the BIOS Setup program, press the DEL key after the Notebook has run through its POST. 
Item Specific Help 
On the right side of the Setup screen is an area labeled Item Specific Help.  This area will list 
navigation key shortcuts and information that is specific for the item that you are currently editing. 
The Menu Bar 
The top of the screen has a menu bar with the following selections: 
  Main - Use this menu to make changes to the basic system configuration. 
  Advanced - Use this menu to enable and make changes to the advanced features available on 
your system. 
  Security - Use this menu to set a password.  The password allows boot up and controls access to 
the BIOS setup menu. 
  Boot - Use this menu to configure the default system device used to locate and load the 
Operating System and for booting up the Notebook. 
  Exit - Use this menu to exit the current menu or specify how to exit the Setup program. 
To access the menu bar items, press the right or left arrow key on the keyboard until the desired item 
is highlighted. 
The Legend Bar 
At the bottom of the Setup screen you will notice a legend bar.  The keys in the legend bar allow you 
to navigate through the various setup menus.   
The following table lists the keys found in the legend bar with their corresponding alternates and 
functions. 
Legend Key  Alternate Key Function 
F1    Displays the General Help window.  It can be enabled 
from anywhere in the BIOS. 
Esc    Jumps to the Exit menu or returns to the Main menu 
from a submenu. 
← 
  Selects the menu item to the left. 
38

--- Page 47 ---
Legend Key  Alternate Key Function 
→ 
  Selects the menu item to the right. 
↑ or ↓ 
arrow keys  Moves the cursor up and down between fields. 
Tab  Enter  Moves the cursor to the next position available in the 
field. 
Shift + Tab    Moves the cursor to previous position available in the 
field. 
Minus key (-)
  Scrolls backward through the values for the highlighted 
field. 
Plus key (+)    Scrolls forward through the values for the highlighted 
field. 
Home  PgUp  Moves the cursor to the field at the top of the window. 
End  PgDn  Moves the cursor to the field at the bottom of the 
window. 
F9    Sets the parameters for the current menu to their 
default values. 
F10     Save and Exit.
Enter    Will select a sub menu or show a range of options for a 
field. 
Launching Submenus 
Note that a right pointer symbol 

 appears to the left of certain fields.  This pointer indicates that a 
submenu can be launched from this field.  A submenu contains additional options for a field 
parameter.  To call up a submenu, simply move the cursor to highlight the field and press the [Enter] 
key.  Use the [Esc] key to return to the Main menu. 
General Help 
In addition to the Item Specific Help window, the BIOS Setup program also provides a General Help 
screen can be called up from any menu by simply pressing [F1].   
To exit the help window, press the [Enter] or the [Esc] key.  
39

--- Page 48 ---
Save Changes and Exit the Setup Program 
Refer to the Exit menu section of this chapter for detailed information on saving changes and exiting 
the setup program. 
The Main Menu 
When the Setup program is accessed, the following screen appears: 
 
40

--- Page 49 ---
The Advanced Menu 
Selecting Advanced from the menu bar displays the advanced menu: 
 
41

--- Page 50 ---
The Boot Menu 
The Boot menu allows the user to specify the order in which the Notebook is to check for a device to 
boot the system.  You can also configure the way that the system will boot up.  To make changes, 
select Boot from the menu bar.   
The following screen appears: 
 
 
42

--- Page 51 ---
The Security Menu 
The Notebook’s advanced system of security allows you to set a password to prevent unauthorized 
access to system resources, data, and the BIOS Setup Program.   
 
Use the up and down arrows to select the boot device.  Then press either the plus key [+] to move the 
device up the list or the minus key [-] to move the device down the list. 
43

--- Page 52 ---
The Exit Menu 
Once you have made all of your selections from the various menus in the Setup program, you should 
save your changes and exit Setup.  Select Exit from the menu bar to display the following menu: 
 
 
 
 
44

--- Page 53 ---
45 
 
The Software Utilities Disks 
AutoRun Installation 
  Follow the step-by-step procedures on the DVD-ROM to execute the “AutoRun” application by 
selecting the topic of “Driver Installation”. 
  To re-run the “AutoRun” installation, please refer to the procedures on the “Manual Installation” 
for a more detailed explanation. 
Installing VGA Display Drivers 
  Insert the DVD-ROM Driver into your DVD-ROM drive. 
  Click “Start” and select “Run”. 
  Type the following: D:\Driver\VGA\ Setup.exe (If D is not your DVD-ROM drive, substitute D 
with the correct drive letter). 
  Click on “Setup” to begin the Installation Wizard. 
  Follow the Wizard’s on-screen instructions to complete the installation.   
  Restart the system. 
Installing the Audio Driver 
  Insert the DVD-ROM Driver into your DVD-ROM drive. 
  Click “Start” and Select “Run”. 
  Type the following: D:\Driver\Audio\Setup.exe (If D is not your DVD-ROM drive, substitute D 
with the correct drive letter).

--- Page 54 ---
  Click on “Setup” to begin the Installation Wizard. 
  Follow the Wizard’s on-screen instructions to complete the installation.   
  Restart the system. 
Installing the LAN Driver 
  Insert the DVD-ROM Driver into your DVD-ROM drive. 
  Click “Start” and Select “Run”. 
  Type the following: D:\Driver\LAN\Setup.exe (If D is not your DVD-ROM drive, substitute D 
with the correct drive letter). 
  Click on “Setup” to begin the Installation Wizard. 
  Follow the Wizard’s on-screen instructions to complete the installation.   
  Restart the system. 
Installing the TouchPad Driver  
  Insert the DVD-ROM Driver into your DVD-ROM drive. 
  Click “Start” and Select “Run”. 
  Type the following: D:\Driver\Touchpad\Setup.exe (If D is not your DVD-ROM drive, substitute 
D with the correct drive letter). 
  Click on “Setup” to begin the Installation Wizard. 
  Follow the Wizard’s on-screen instructions to complete the installation.   
  Restart the system. 
Manual Installation 
To install the driver manually, follow the step-by-step procedures described on each individual 
section for a more clear installation. 
Installing the CardBus Driver 
  From Start, click on the "My Computer" icon and click the "View System Information". 
  Click on the "Hardware" tab from the "System Properties" dialog window. 
  Click the "Device Manager" button. 
  Click on the "PCMCIA adapters" , double click the "Generic CardBus Controller" and click on 
the "Driver" tab. 
46

--- Page 55 ---
  Click the "Update Driver" tab and select the "Install from a list or specific location (Advanced)" 
item and click "Next". 
  Select the "Include this location in the search" item and click on the "Browse" button and specify 
for the designate location of your CD driver  D:\Driver\Cardbus\WinXP\enecbwxp.inf to proceed 
with the installation. 
Installing the MDC Modem Driver 
  Insert the CD-ROM Driver into your CD-ROM/DVD-ROM drive. 
  Click “Start” and Select “Run”. 
  Type the following:  
D:\Driver\MDC\Liteon\WinXP\Setp.exe or  
D:\Driver\MDC\Billionton\Setup.exe or  
D:\Driver\MDC\Actiontec\WinXP\Setup.exe (If D is not your CD-ROM/DVD-ROM drive, 
substitute D with the correct drive letter). 
  Click on “Setup” to begin the Installation Wizard. 
  Follow the Wizard’s on-screen instructions to complete the installation.   
  Restart the system. 
Installing the Wireless LAN Driver 
  Insert the CD-ROM Driver into your CD-ROM/DVD-ROM drive. 
  Click “Start” and Select “Run”. 
  Type the following:  
D:\Driver\Wireless\USB\802.11b-AIRVAST\Setup.exe 
D:\Driver\Wireless\USB\802.11b-QCOM\Setup.exe 
D:\Driver\Wireless\USB\802.11g-AIRVAST\Setup.exe 
D:\Driver\Wireless\MiniPCI\QCOM_WLAN\802.11BG_QCOM\Setup.exe (If D is not your CD-
ROM/DVD-ROM drive, substitute D with the correct drive letter). 
  Click on “Setup” to begin the Installation Wizard. 
  Follow the Wizard’s on-screen instructions to complete the installation.   
  Restart the system. 
VGA Utilities 
After you have restarted Windows, open the “Control Panel” and double click on the “Display” icon.  
From the “Display Properties” window, select the “Settings” tab and click on the “Advanced” tab to 
47

--- Page 56 ---
enter the "Default Monitor and SiS 661FX_760_741_M661FX_M760_M…." window.    
48

--- Page 57 ---
You will notice three new entries have been made in the Display Properties window:  Display Mode 
Setting, Video Setting, and Gamma Correction. 
 
49

--- Page 58 ---
Video Setting 
From the "Setting", you can also adjust the video of your display to overlay, contrast or brightness. 
 
50

--- Page 59 ---
Gamma Correction 
You can adjust the right color for your window screen by moving the “Brightness” adjustment 
window to increase or decrease the right resolution for your screen display. 
 
51

--- Page 62 ---
54 
 
Troubleshooting 
Locating a Problem 
Problems with your computer can be caused by something as minor as an unplugged power cord – or 
as major as a damaged hard disk. The information in this chapter is designed to help you find and 
solve minor problems. If you try all the suggested solutions and you still have a problem, make a list 
of what steps you have taken to correct the problem and contact your dealer.  
Successful troubleshooting is the result of careful observation, deductive reasoning, and an organized 
approach to solving the problem.  
The problems that you will encounter can be divided into two basic categories: hardware problems 
and software problems. Hardware problems can be further divided into electrical and mechanical 
problems. You will know you have a hardware problem if the screen is dark, the computer cannot read 
the disk drives, or you get an error message during the Power-On Self Test (POST). 
Software errors can occur at several levels.  The ROM BIOS and the operating system can give you a 
large number of error messages.  On top of this, each application software package has its own set of 
error messages. It is important to determine whether the software error message you are getting is 
from the application or the operating system. Once you know this, you can look in the respective 
manual for a solution to the problem.

--- Page 63 ---
Checking Cables and Connections 
Start by performing a careful visual inspection of the exterior of the computer.  If no LEDs are 
illuminated, make sure that your computer and its peripherals are getting power and communicating 
with each other properly. 
To check the power cables, and connections: 
1.  If you have been using battery power, connect the Notebook to an external power source and 
make sure that the battery has a charge.  
2. 
3. 
4. 
If you are using the Notebook with the AC adapter, check the power outlet, the power cord, and 
any power switches that may affect your computer. 
  Check the wall outlet or power strip with an item that you know is functioning properly. A 
lamp or radio is 
   a convenient item for checking the power. You may also need to check the fuses and breakers 
in your electric box. 
  If the outlet is controlled by a wall switch, make sure that the switch is on. 
  If the outlet is controlled by a dimmer switch, use a different outlet. 
  If your computer is plugged into a power strip with an On/Off switch, make sure the switch is 
on. 
With the computer’s power switched off, check all cable connections. If the computer is 
connected to any peripheral devices, look for loose or disconnected cables.  
  If the computer is too close to a wall, a cable connection may be loose or the cables may be 
crimped.  
  Do not substitute cables for different devices (other than the manufacturer recommended 
cables) even if they look exactly alike. The wiring inside the cable may be different. 
When you are certain that you have power available and all connections are good, turn the 
computer on again. If the computer still does not start, you may have a hardware problem.  
The Power-On Self Test 
The Power-On Self Test (POST) runs every time you turn on or reset the Notebook. The POST checks 
memory, the main system board, the display, the keyboard, the disk drives, and other installed options.  
A few seconds after you turn on your computer, a copyright message appears on your display screen. 
A memory test message appears next; as the test continues, memory size increases until all installed 
memory is tested. Normally, the only test routine visible on the screen will be the memory test. 
55

--- Page 64 ---
Two classifications of malfunctions can be detected during the POST: 
  Error messages that indicate a failure with either the hardware, the software, or the Basic 
Input/Output System (BIOS). These critical malfunctions prevent the computer from operating at 
all or could cause incorrect and apparent results. An example of a critical error is microprocessor 
malfunction. 
  Messages that furnish important information on the power-on and boot processes (such as 
memory status). These non-critical malfunctions are those that cause incorrect results that may 
not be readily apparent. An example of a non-critical error would be a memory chip failure. 
In general, if the POST detects a system board failure (a critical error), the computer halts and 
generates a series of beeps. If failure is detected in an area other than the system board (such as the 
display, keyboard, or an adapter card) an error message is displayed on the screen and testing is 
stopped. It is important to remember that the POST does not test all areas of the computer, only those 
that allow it to be operational enough to run diagnostic programs.  
If your system does not successfully complete the POST, but displays a blank screen, emits a series of 
beeps, or displays an error code, consult your dealer. 
General Hardware Problems  
A few common hardware problems and suggested solutions are presented in the table below: 
Problem: 
Solution: 
Problem: 
Solution: 
Problem: 
Solution: 
Problem: 
Solution: 
The capacity of the battery is between 95 to 99% but can not fully charged. 
Please discharged to less than 95% of its capacity then recharge the battery. 
Failure in the installation of the Audio driver. 
Be sure to first remove the current audio device from your system. Please 
follow the instruction on the installation of audio driver. 
The display screen is dark 
Make sure that the computer is not in Suspend mode. Check the Brightness 
controls for the screen.  If the controls are turned too far down, the screen will 
be dark. 
An incorrect date and time are displayed. 
Correct the date and time using the DOS DATE and TIME commands or the 
options in the Setup Utility.  If the date and time become incorrect after a short 
56

--- Page 65 ---
time, your CMOS battery may be depleted.  Contact your dealer to change the 
battery. 
Problem: 
Solution: 
Problem: 
Solution: 
Problem: 
Solution: 
Problem: 
Solution: 
Problem: 
Solution: 
Problem: 
Solution: 
Problem: 
Solution: 
Problem: 
The message: “Invalid system disk, Replace the disk, and then press any 
key” appears during boot. 
Check and make sure that you do not have a non-bootable floppy diskette 
inserted in your floppy drive.  If your USB FDD is empty, you may not have an 
operating system installed on your drive.  Contact technical support for 
assistance. 
You hear irregular beeps during operation of the Notebook and the 
system halts. 
The problem is beyond the scope of this manual.  Contact technical support. 
An unidentified message is displayed. 
Reboot the computer and run the BIOS system setup.  Confirm the Setup 
parameters.  If the same message is displayed after booting up again, contact 
technical support for assistance. 
The system cannot access the DVD-ROM drive. 
Check that a CD is properly inserted in the drive.  Make sure that you are using 
the correct program for that kind of CD.  For example, the system cannot read 
a data CD using an audio program. 
You cannot operate the printer. 
Check the printer cable connection.  Ensure that the printer power switch is 
turned on.  Confirm that the printer is on-line. 
You can’t save data to disk. 
Ensure that the disk has been formatted.   
Consult your operating system manual for information on formatting floppy 
diskettes.   
The diskette is write-protected.   
Eject the diskette, remove the write protection, and try again.   
The diskette if full.   
57

--- Page 66 ---
Solution: 
Problem: 
Solution: 
Try using another diskette or free up some space on the diskette.  The disk 
drive is not operating.  Contact your dealer for support. 
You cannot use the mouse. 
 
Check the cable connection. 
 
Check the mouse with another application to see if there is a software 
incompatibility problem. 
 
If possible, check the mouse with another computer to see if it works.  If it 
doesn’t operate on a different system, the mouse might be broken. 
Contacting Your Dealer 
If you still have a problem after reading the preceding sections, the next step is to contact your dealer.  
Your dealer can determine if the problem is something that requires the computer to be taken to the 
shop. Before you call your dealer, however, prepare the following information: 
  How is your computer configured? Your dealer needs to know what peripheral devices you are 
using. 
  What messages, if any, are on the screen? 
  What software were you running at the time? 
  What have you done already to try to solve the problem? If you have overlooked a step, your 
dealer may be able to solve the problem over the phone. 
 
58

--- Page 68 ---
60 
 
How do I expand my Notebook 
Upgrading your Memory 
Refer to the following instructions and illustration for information on upgrading your notebook's 
memory. 
  Turn off the computer and disconnect the AC adapter and all peripherals. 
  Open your computer and locate on the 4 grip of the keyboard attaching to the slot. 
 
  Use any card to release the keyboard by inserting on the 4 grip attaching the keyboard.

--- Page 69 ---
  Turn over the keyboard and locate for the RAM module compartment. 
 
  Remove the screws that secure the RAM module compartment cover and set it aside in a safe 
place.   
61

--- Page 70 ---
  Remove the compartment cover and then angling it up and out. 
 
  If you need to install a higher capacity module, gently push the edge clips on both sides to 
release the module.  Angle the card slightly upward and gently slide it from its edge connector 
slot.  Store the card in the anti-static bag that contains your new module(s). 
  To install the new memory card, hold the card with its gold edge connector toward the edge 
connector slot of the compartment.  To help you orient the cards, the edge connector has been 
made with two unequal-length sections.  You will only be able to insert the card in one direction. 
62

--- Page 71 ---
  Insert the edge connector into the slot.  The gold edge connector of the card should not be visible 
when the card is fully inserted. 
  Press the card downward where you should hear an audible click as the latches of the connector 
secure the card in place. 
  Once the module is properly seated, you can replace the cover on this compartment.  
  Replace and tighten the screw. 
Easy to Upgrade HDD Module 
The hard drive in your notebook computer is made to be easily swapped out for upgrading.  You 
should back up your hard drive before attempting o change the hard drive. 
Make sure that before you install a new drive, all the files in your system should be backed up. 
How to upgrade your Hard Drive 
  Power down the system completely.  Turn the system over with the front of the unit facing you. 
  Remove the two screws that secure the compartment cover and set them in a safe place. 
  Slide the HDD cover away from the compartment. 
  The drive is attached to a special bracket that secures it to the notebook computer.   There are 2 
screws that hold the bracket.   
  Push the HDD slightly in the direction of the arrow as shown in the illustration to release it from 
the pins of the drive. 
 
63

--- Page 72 ---
  Gently hold the grip of the HDD, lift it up to release from its compartment. 
 
  To install the new HDD, you will need to align the tabs on the drive bracket with the slots on the 
bay.  Press down gently on the drive bracket until it engages with the system.  Do not force the 
drive into place this can bend the pins on the hard drive. 
  Slide the compartment cover into place and be sure the screw holes on the cover align 
completely with the screw holes in the case. 
  Secure the cover with the two screws. 
CPU Upgrade 
To upgrade your CPU, follow the procedures below: 
  Turn the notebook over so that the rear ports are facing you. 
  Locate for the expansion compartment.   
 
64

--- Page 73 ---
  Unscrew and remove the cover of the CPU compartment. 
  Remove all the screws attached to the heatsink. 
  Before removing the screws, there are certain measures to followed in removing the heatsink. 
 
  To remove the heatsink, first loosen the screw carefully.   
  After loosening one screw, be certain that the next to be loosen should be the screw on its 
adjacent side as shown on the illustration. 
Be sure to loosen all the screws first before removing it totally to release 
the heatsink.  Failure to do so will cause a major damage to the heatsink. 
  Now you can totally remove all the screws also in that order when you first loosen the screw. 
Removing the DVD-ROM/Combo Drive 
  Remove the screws and push the drive into the direction of the arrow as described in the 
illustration. 
65

--- Page 74 ---
  Pull out the DVD-ROM drive from the bay. 
 
 
66

--- Page 76 ---
Specification 
Detailed Notebook Specifications 
CPU 
Intel uFCPGA478 P4 Northwood/Prescott CPU, support FSB 
533/800MHz & HT function 
Intel Mobile P4 Northwood/Prescott CPU, support FSB533MHz & HT 
function 
Core Logic 
SiS M661FX + SiS963, support HT function & FSB 800MHz 
Memory 
1 x SODIMM slots, expandable up to 512GB  
Support DDR 266/333/400 SDRAM module 
LCD 
14.1” XGA or 15.0” XGA TFT 
Video & Graphic 
Share memory, AGP 8X 
HDD 
2.5” 9.5mm height, ATA 100/66 supported, up to 7200 rpm 
Optical Drive 
5.25”/12.7mm CD-ROM, DVD-ROM, Combo Drive or DVD Dual 
TouchPad 
Synaptics w/ scrolling button 
Launch Key 
Hot keys: E-mail, internet  
Keyboard 
88 keys with 12 function keys and 3 Windows keys 
I/O Port 
2 x USB2.0 ports, parallel port, VGA port, RJ-11, RJ-45, SIR, 1394a, 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
68

--- Page 77 ---
69 
TV-Out, head phone (SPDIF), Mic_in 
Audio 
•  AC97 2.1compliant, , 5.1 channel support, built-in two stereo speakers 
AC Adapter 
•  90 or 120 Watts Universal 
Battery 
•  8 cell 65Whr Li-Ion battery pack, optional 12 cell 95Whr battery pack 
Battery Charge 
•  4hrs(8 cells) or 5hours(12 cells) fast charge when system off  
Battery Life 
•  About 2 hours 
BIOS 
• 
• 
AMI 
Support PnP, Password 
Communication 
• 
• 
• 
Onboard 10/100Base-T LAN chip 
MDC 56K Fax/Modem 
Optional USB WLAN for 802.11b or 802.11g with Dual Band WLAN 
antenna 
Power Management 
•  ACPI 2.0 supported 
Security 
•  Kensington lock, BIOS password protection 
Regulation 
•  FCC, CE, UL, TUV, BSMI 
Operating System 
•  Support Windows XP Home/ Windows XP Professional 
Size 
•  332.0(W) x 284.0(D) x 44.6 (H) mm  
Weight 
•  3.8 kg

