Brand: ECS
Model: G900
URL: https://www.manua.ls/ecs/g900/manual
Total Pages: 103
============================================================

--- Page 3 ---
Preface 

Copyright 2004 
All Rights Reserved.                                                                           
The information in this document is subject to change without prior 
notice in order to improve reliability, design and function and does not 
represent a commitment on the part of the manufacturer. 
In no event will the manufacturer be liable for direct, indirect, special, 
incidental, or consequential damages arising out of the use or inability to 
use the product or documentation, even if advised of the possibility of 
such damages. 
This document contains proprietary information protected by copyright. 
All rights are reserved.  No part of this manual may be reproduced by any 
mechanical, electronic, or other means in any form without prior written 
permission of the manufacturer. 
Trademarks 
AutoCAD and Autoshade are trademarks of Autodesk, Inc. IBM, OS/2, 
and VGA are trademarks of International Business Machines Corp. Lotus, 
1-2-3, and Symphony are trademarks of Lotus Development Corp. 
Windows, Word, MS-DOS, and Microsoft are trademarks of Microsoft 
Corp.  VESA is a trademark of Video Electronics Standards Association. 
Other product names mentioned herein are used for identification 
purposes only and may be trademarks and/or registered trademarks of 
their respective companies. 
Limitation of Liability 
While reasonable efforts have been made to ensure the accuracy of this 
manual, the manufacturer and distributor assume no liability resulting 
from errors or omissions in this manual, or from the use of the 
information contained herein. 
i

--- Page 4 ---
Notices 
Federal Communications Commission Radio Frequency 
Interference Statement 
 This equipment has been tested and found to 
comply with the limits for a Class B digital device, pursuant to 
Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide 
reasonable protection against harmful interference in a 
residential installation. This equipment generates, uses, and 
can radiate radio frequency energy and if not installed and 
used in accordance with the instruction manual may cause 
harmful interference to radio communications. However, there 
is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular 
installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference 
to radio or television reception, which can be determined by 
turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to 
try to correct the interference by one or more of the following 
measures: 
•  Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna 
•  Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver 
•  Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from 
that to which the receiver is connected 
•  Consult the dealer or an experienced radio TV technician for help 
Notice: 
Changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible 
for compliance could void the user’s authority to operate the equipment.  
Shielded interface cables and a non-shielded AC power cord must be used 
in order to comply with emission limits.   
This equipment is to be used with power supply: 
I/P: 100-240 Vac, 50-60Hz, 2.5A 
O/P: 19Vdc, 7.9A 
There is no internal power supply. 
ii

--- Page 5 ---
Table of Content 
Chapter 1: Before you Start ........................................................ 1 
Conventions of This Manual ............................................................. 1 
Safety Precautions............................................................................. 2 
Wichtige Sicherheitshinweise ........................................................... 4 
Things you must remember before working on your computer.......... 7 
Chapter 2: Introduction ............................................................... 9 
Welcome to the Notebook PC ........................................................... 9 
Unpacking the Notebook................................................................... 9 
Getting to Know Your Computer ...................................................... 10 
Chapter 3: Getting Started .........................................................19 
Connecting to a Power Source .......................................................... 19 
Turning On Your Notebook Computer.............................................. 20 
Inserting and Removing the Battery Pack ......................................... 21 
Charging the Battery Pack................................................................. 22 
Chapter 4: Using the Notebook Computer ................................23 
Adjusting the LCD Screen Display ................................................... 23 
The TouchPad................................................................................... 26 
Data Storage and Retrieval................................................................ 26 
Power Saving Modes......................................................................... 28 
Resetting the System......................................................................... 31 
Chapter 5: Desktop Operation ...................................................33 
Audio................................................................................................ 33 
Connecting Peripheral Devices ......................................................... 34 
Chapter 6: Configuring and Maintaining your System.............37 
Introduction ...................................................................................... 37 
Chapter 7: Raid Setting (Option) ...............................................45 
Raid Setting (If Your System Supports RAID).................................. 45 
Installing the System OS................................................................... 46 
Chapter 8: Microsoft Center Edition  (MCE) (Option)...............49 
Windows XP Media Center Edition (MCE)....................................... 49 
Chapter 9: The Software Utilities Disks ....................................53 
AutoRun Installation......................................................................... 53 
Manual Installation ........................................................................... 54 
VGA Utilities.................................................................................... 57 
Chapter 10: Viewing Live Video .................................................64 
iii

--- Page 6 ---
Using the Remote Control................................................................. 64 
WinDVR Mode................................................................................. 65 
Defining the Video Source................................................................ 66 
Chapter 11: Troubleshooting .....................................................75 
Locating a Problem ........................................................................... 75 
Checking Cables and Connections .................................................... 76 
The Power-On Self Test.................................................................... 77 
General Hardware Problems.............................................................. 77 
Contacting Your Dealer .................................................................... 79 
Chapter 12: How do I Expand my  Notebook ............................81 
Upgrading your Memory................................................................... 81 
Easy to Upgrade HDD Module.......................................................... 82 
CPU Upgrade.................................................................................... 84 
Appendix A: Specification..........................................................87 
Detailed Notebook Specifications ..................................................... 87 
 
iv

--- Page 7 ---
Canadian DOC Notice For Class B Computing Devices 
This Class B digital apparatus meets all requirements of the Canadian 
Interference - Causing Equipment Regulations. 
Cet appareil numerique de la classe B repecte toutes les exigences du 
Règlement sur le matèriel brouilleur du Canada. 
Personal Inventory 
This Notebook computer system is designed for years of productive and 
pleasurable computing. Use this section to keep notes about details of 
your purchase. Update this section when you add new options.  
 
Date of Purchase: 
 
Dealer’s Name:  
 
Phone:  
 
Address:  
 
E-Mail Address: 
 
WWW Site: 
 
 
Serial Number: 
 
CPU Type: 
 
Hard Disk Capacity: 
 
Memory Capacity: 
 
Optional Equipment: 
 
 
 
v

--- Page 9 ---
BEFORE YOU START 
Conventions of This Manual 
Use this manual will help you get the most from your notebook computer.   
•  If you are an experienced user of computers and/or Microsoft’s 
Windows operating systems, you might find it useful to read the 
Quick Start Guide that comes along with your accessories. 
•  If you are a less experienced user, you should through the manual 
carefully before using your system. 
Whether or not you are an experienced user, you should consult on the 
Troubleshooting Chapter if you encounter any problems with your 
notebook.   
 The check mark symbol indicates that you should 
take note on every detailed information when you encounter 
some function that might be useful when you are using your 
notebook. 
 The pencil symbol identifies information which is 
important for you to read to avoid damage to the computer. 
 This warning cautions you against actions which 
might be destructive to your data or might disrupt proper 
system operation. 
1

--- Page 10 ---
Safety Precautions 
This section is designed to assist you in identifying potentially unsafe 
conditions while working with this product. Required safety features have 
been installed in the computer to protect you from injury. However, you 
should use good judgment to identify potential safety hazards: 
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
6. 
7. 
8. 
9. 
10. 
11. 
12. 
13. 
a. 
b. 
c. 
d. 
Please read these safety instructions carefully. 
Please keep this User's Manual for later reference. 
Please disconnect this equipment from AC outlet before cleaning.  
Don't use liquid or sprayed detergent for cleaning. Use moisture 
sheet or cloth for cleaning. 
For pluggable equipment, that the socket-outlet shall be installed 
near the equipment and shall be easily accessible. 
Please keep this equipment from humidity. 
Lay this equipment on a reliable surface when installed. A drop or 
fall could cause injury. 
Make sure to use the right voltage for the power source when 
connecting the equipment to the power outlet. 
Place the power cord in such a way that people can not step on it.  
Do not place anything on top of the power cord. 
All cautions and warnings on the equipment should be noted. 
If the equipment is not use for a long time, disconnect the equipment 
from the main power outlet to avoid being damaged by transient 
overvoltage. 
Never pour any liquid into the opening, this could cause fire or 
electrical shock. 
Never open the equipment. For safety reason, the equipment should 
only be opened by a qualified service personnel. 
If on the following situations arises, get the equipment checked by a 
service personnel: 
The Power cord or plug is damaged. 
Liquid has penetrated into the equipment. 
The equipment has been exposed to moisture. 
The equipment has not worked well or you cannot get it work 
according to the user's manual. 
2

--- Page 11 ---
e. 
f. 
14. 
15. 
16. 
17. 
 
 
A. 
 
 
B. 
 
 
C. 
 
 
 
The equipment has dropped and damaged. 
If the equipment has obvious sign of breakage. 
Do not leave this equipment in an environment unconditioned, 
storage temperature above 60°C (140°f), it may damage the 
equipment. 
The unit can be operated at an ambient temperature of max. 35°C. 
The sound pressure level at the operators position according to IEC 
704-1: 1982 is equal or less than 70 dB(A). 
Power Cord Requirements 
The power cord set used with the AC adaptor must meet the 
requirements of the country where you use the AC adaptor, whether 
it is 100-120 or 200-240 Vac. The following information explains 
the requirements for power cord set selection. 
The cord set must be approved for the country in which 
it is used. 
The appliance coupler must have a configuration for 
mating with a CEE22/EN6032/IEC 320 appliance inlet. 
For U.S. and Canada: 
The cord set must be UL Listed and CSA Certified. 
The minimum specifications for the flexible cord are 
No. 18 AWG. 
For Japan: 
All components of the cord set must bear a “PSE” or 
“ T ” mark and registration number in accordance with 
the Japanese Dentori Law. 
The minimum specifications for the flexible cord 
are .75m ㎡ conductors. 
For Other Countries: 
The cord set fittings must bear the certification mark of 
the agency responsible for evaluation in a specific 
country. 
The flexible cord must be of a HAR (harmonized) type 
H05VV-F. 
The cord set must have a current capacity of a least 2.5 
Amperes and voltage rating of 125 or 250 Vac. 
3

--- Page 12 ---
18. 
19. 
20. 
21. 
22. 
When using your telephone equipment, basic safety precautions 
should always be followed to reduce the risk of fire, electric shock 
and injury to persons.  These precautions includes the following: 
•  Do not use this product near water, for example, near a 
bathtub, washbowl, kitchen sink or laundry tub, in a wet 
basement or near a swimming pool. 
•  Avoid using a telephone (other than a cordless type) 
during an electrical storm.  There may be a remote risk of 
electric shock from lightning. 
•  Do not use the telephone to report a gas leak in the 
vicinity of the leak. 
•  Use only the power cord indicated in this manual. 
Do not use the AC adapter near open water or other liquids. Never 
spill liquid into the AC adapter. 
Laser Warning: Laser Class I Product Caution - Invisible laser 
radiation when open avoid exposure to beam. 
Danger of explosion if battery is incorrectly replaced.  Replace only 
with the same or equivalent type recommended by the manufacturer.  
Dispose of used batteries according to the manufacturer's 
instructions.  Never remove the battery pack while the power is on as 
this may result in data loss when the system loses power. 
The input receptacle is used as the main disconnecting device. 
Wichtige Sicherheitshinweise 
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
6. 
7. 
Bitte lesen Sie diese Hinweis sorgfältig durch. 
Heben Sie dirse Anleitung für den späteren Gebrauch auf. 
Vor jedem Reinigen ist das Gerät vom Stromnetz zu trennen.  
Versenden Sie Keine Flüssig- oder Aerosolreiniger.  Am besten 
eignet sich ein angefeuchtetes Tuch zur Reinigung. 
Die Netzanschluβsteckdose soll nahe dem Gerät angebracht und 
leicht zugänglich sein. 
Das Gerät ist vor Feuchtigkeit zu schützen. 
Bei der Aufstellung des Gerätes ist auf sicheren Stand zu achten.  
Ein Kippen oder Fallen könnte Beschädigungen hervorrufen. 
Beachten Sie beim Anschluß an das Stromnet die Anschlußwerte. 
4

--- Page 13 ---
8. 
9. 
10. 
11. 
12. 
13. 
a. 
b. 
c. 
d. 
e. 
f. 
14. 
15. 
16. 
17. 
Verlegen Sie die Netzanschlußleitung so, daß niemand darüber fallen 
kann.  Es sollte auch nichts auf der Leitun abgestellt werden. 
Alle Hinweise und Warnungen, die sich am Gerät  befinden, sind zu 
beachten. 
Wird das Gerät üeinen längeren Zeitraum nicht benutzt, sollten Sie 
es vom Stromnetz trennen.  Somit wird im Falle einer Überspannung 
eine Beschädigung vermieden. 
Durch die Lüftungsöffnungen dürfen niemals Gegenstände oder 
Flüssigkeien in das Gerät gelangen.  Dies könne einen Brand bzw.  
Elektrischen Schlag auslösen. 
Öffnen Sie niemals das Gerät.  Das Gerät darf aus Gründen der 
elektrischen Sicherheit nur von authorisiertem Servicepersonal  
geöffnet werden. 
Wenn folgende Situationen auftreten ist das Gerät vom Stromnetz zu 
trennen und von einer qualifizierten Servicestelle zu Überprüfung.: 
Netzlabel oder Netzstecker sind beschädigt. 
Flüssigkeit ist in das Gerät eingedrungen. 
Das Gerät war Feuchtigkeit ausgesetzt. 
Wenn das Gerät nicht der Bedienungsanleitung entsprechend 
funktioniert oder Sie mit Hilfe dieser Anleitung keine 
Verbesserung erzielen. 
Das Gerät ist gefallen und/oder das Gehäuse ist beschädigt. 
Wenn das Gerät deutliche Anzeichen eines Defektes aufweist. 
VORSICHT: Explosiongsgetahr bei unsachgemäßen Austausch der 
Batterie.  Ersatz nur durch denselben oder einem vom Hersteller 
empfohlenem ähnlichen Typ.  Entsorgung gebrauchter Batterien 
nach Angaben des Herstellers. 
Dieses Schaltnetzteil kann bis zu einer Außentemperatur von 
maximal 35ºC. 
Die Ausgangswerte dürfen nicht die auf dem Label angegebenen 
Werte überschreiten. 
Anforderungen an das Stromkabel 
Das Kabel-Set, das an das Netzteil angeschlossen wird, muss den 
Anforderungen des Landes, in dem Sie das Netzteil einsetzen, 
genügen, je nachdem, ob die Netzspannung 100-120 oder 200-240V 
Wechselspannung beträgt. 
5

--- Page 14 ---
Das Kabel-Set muss für das Land, in dem es eingesetzt 
wird, zugelassen sein. 
 
 
A. 
 
 
B. 
 
 
C. 
 
 
 
18. 
Der Gerätestecker des Kabels muss in eine CEE22/ 
EN603/ IEC 320 Buchse passen. 
Für die USA und Kanada: 
Das Kabel-Set muss UL-gelistet und CSA zertifiziert 
sein. 
Die Minimalanforderungen für das Kabel entsprechen 
No. 18 AWG. 
Für Japan: 
Alle Teile des Kabel-Sets müssen entsprechend dem 
japanischen Dentori Law mit einem „PSE“ or „T”-
Symbol markiert sein 
Die Minimalanforderungen für das Kabel sind .75m ㎡ 
Leiter. 
Für andere Länder: 
Die Zubehörteile des Kabel-Sets müssen das Prüfsiegel 
derjenigen Stelle, die in dem jeweiligen Land für die 
Sicherheitsprüfung zuständig ist, tragen. 
Das Kabel muss vom HAR (harmonisierten) Typ 
H05VV-F sein. 
Das Kabel-Set muss eine Stromkapazität von 
mindestens 2,5 Ampere haben und Spannungen von 
125 oder 250 V Wechselstrom gestatten. 
Bei der Benutzung Ihres Telefongerätes sollten Sie immer die 
grundlegenden Sicherheitsmaßnahmen beachten, um das Risiko von 
Feuer, Stromschlägen und Verletzungen zu minimieren. Zu beachten 
sind u.a. folgende Punkte:  
•  Benutzen Sie das Gerät nicht in der Nähe von Wasser, 
wie zum Beispiel Badewanne, Waschbecken, Spülbecken, 
Waschbottich, in feuchten Kellerräumen oder in der Nähe 
von Schwimmbecken.  
•  Benutzen Sie kein Telefon (ausgenommen schnurlose 
Modelle) während eines Gewitters. Es besteht das 
geringe Restrisiko eines Blitzschlages.  
6

--- Page 15 ---
•  Benutzen Sie das Telefon nicht um ein Gasleck zu 
melden, falls es sich in der Nähe des Lecks befindet. 
•  Benutzen Sie nur solch ein Stromkabel, wie in dieser 
Anleitung beschrieben. 
19. 
20. 
21. 
22. 
Benutzen Sie das Netzteil nicht in unmittelbarer Nähe zu Wasser 
oder anderen Flüssigkeiten. Gießen Sie nie Flüssigkeiten über das 
Netzteil. 
Achtung Laser: Laser Produkt der Klasse I. Achtung - Unsichtbarer 
Laserstrahl, vermeiden Sie Kontakt mit dem Strahl bei offenem 
Gehäuse. 
Es besteht Explosionsgefahr, wenn der Akku nicht ordnungsgemäß 
ersetzt wird. Ersetzen Sie den Akku nur durch einen Akku gleichen 
oder äquivalenten Typs, der vom Hersteller empfohlen wird. 
Entsorgen Sie Akkus entsprechend den Anweisungen des Herstellers. 
Entfernen Sie den Akku auf keinen Fall bei eingeschaltetem 
Notebook, da hierdurch Daten verloren gehen könnten. 
Der Netzeingabeanschluss dient als Hauptschalter des Geräts. 
Things you must remember before working on your 
computer 
Let your computer acclimate itself 
Your notebook can easily stand temperature extremes but it doesn’t like 
rapid changes in temperature, like going from the cold outdoors to a 
warm office.  Rapid changes in temperature can cause water droplets to 
condense inside your case, threatening to damage the electronic parts 
inside.   
After receiving your notebook when it’s hot or cold outside, try not to 
power up the computer immediately, let the computer adjust to the room 
temperature gradually at least for three to four hours. 
 If your system arrives in cold weather, do not 
apply power to the computer or monitor until they have been 
allowed to come to room temperature. 
7

--- Page 16 ---
Heat, Cold, Humidity, and Glare 
Find a suitable place for your computer that’s not too hot, too cold, too 
dark, or too bright.  Glare can make it hard to read the screen.   
•  Try to avoid the computer components from being destroyed if it is 
over heated, so try to allow plenty of room for air to circulate 
around the case.   
•  Do not block the ventilation opening.  
•  Do not place your computer in direct sunlight. 
Suitable place to work 
Your computer will run well wherever you’re comfortable but extremes 
of temperature and humidity can be challenging to your system’s parts.  
There are some things you can tolerate that the computer can’t – things 
like static electricity, dust, water, steam and oil.  In case you decide to 
pull over for roadside computing, try to choose a clean, comfortable work 
area for your system. 
A lithium-ion battery pack will be available when you are traveling.  If 
you are running your system for the first time on battery power, remove 
the battery from the package, install it into the system and recharge the 
battery to fully prepare for service. 
8

--- Page 17 ---
INTRODUCTION 
Welcome to the Notebook PC 
Congratulations on your purchase of the Notebook PC. Your Notebook 
features the latest advances in portable computing technology. The 
Notebook’s modular design provides maximum expandability without 
compromising portability. The high-performance CPU and enhanced IDE 
hard drive provides you with extra processing power for handling 
complex graphics and running large programs.   
A premium notebook designed for successful executives who demand the 
very best and featuring ultimate power, ultimate wide screen display, 
ultimate AV capabilities and ultimate connectivity. A Media solution is a 
combination of Windows XP software augmented by InterVideo 
WinCinema – including WinDVR for watching television, WinDVD for 
viewing movies and WinRIP playing music plus – and hardware 
including five  premium on board speakers delivering 5.1 channel output, 
an Audio DJ for playing music from the optical drive without powering 
up the PC and  a full-featured remote control.     
Unpacking the Notebook 
The Notebook comes securely packaged in a sturdy cardboard shipping 
carton. Upon receiving your Notebook, open the carton and carefully 
remove the contents. If anything is missing or damaged, please contact 
your Notebook dealer immediately. The shipping carton should contain 
the following items: 
•  The Notebook computer 
•  An AC adapter 
•  An AC power cord 
•  Software Drivers CD 
9

--- Page 18 ---
Do not throw the packaging materials away. You may need them later if 
you have to ship the computer for repairs. 
Because the Notebook computer is available in 
different configurations, some of the features mentioned in 
this manual might not be included on your computer or may 
differ slightly. 
Getting to Know Your Computer 
Opening the LCD Panel 
At the front of the Notebook you will find a retaining latch on the display 
panel that locks the display in closed position when the Notebook is not 
in use. 
1. 
2. 
3. 
Locate the display latch on the front of the unit. Slide the latch until 
the display panel releases.  
Raise the LCD screen and the machine will go to incline position.  
At any time you can tilt the display toward or away from you to a 
comfortable viewing position. 
 
To avoid damage to the display panel: 
1. 
2. 
3. 
Try not to slam the display upon closing it. 
Try not to place any object on top when it is closed or open. 
Be sure the system is turned off or in suspend mode before  you 
close the display panel. 
10

--- Page 19 ---
With the LCD screen open, you will see several features important for 
operating your Notebook computer. Each of these features is briefly 
described below: 
 
1. 
2. 
3. 
LCD Cover Release Latch 
LCD Screen 
System Status Indicator Panel 
 
1.   
PCMCIA 
access 
2. 
Hard Disk 
access 
11

--- Page 20 ---
3. 
Optical drive 
access 
4. 
NumLock 
mode 
5.   
CapsLock 
mode 
6. 
ScrollLock 
mode 
4. 
5. 
6. 
Wireless LAN Switch Button 
Power/Resume Button 
Short-cut Keys 
 
 Please noted that the Music/DVD/TV function will 
only be applicable when the InterVideo applications on the 
Support CD is installed into your system.  
The Outlook/Explorer application will automatically installed 
after the Windows OS is installed in your system. 
1. 
 
Music Button (Launch the WinRIP 
application) 
2. 
 
DVD Button (Launch the WinDVD 
application) 
3. 
 
TV Button (Launch the WinDVR application) 
4. 
 
Outlook Express Button  
5. 
 
Internet Explorer Button 
7. 
8. 
9. 
10. 
11. 
Keyboard 
TouchPad 
TouchPad Buttons 
The Built-in Microphone 
Stereo Speakers 
12

--- Page 21 ---
The Front Side 
 
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
6. 
7. 
8. 
Infrared Remote Control  
The Stop Button  
The Previous Track Button 
The Play/Pause Button 
The Next Track Button 
The Volume Down Button 
The Volume Up Button 
Audio DJ Power Button 
 You will not be able to use this button to turn off 
the Windows based CD Player application when the notebook 
computer is in operation. This application only applies when 
the system is off or on AC mode. 
The Left Side 
 
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
DC IN Connector 
PCMCIA Socket Cover  
PCMCIA Socket Button  
USB Ports 
13

--- Page 22 ---
LED Indicators 
 
1. 
2. 
3. 
Battery Charge  
This LED will light when the battery is in charging mode.     
Suspend 
This LED will light when the system is in suspend mode. 
Power On 
This LED will light when the system is power on. 
The Right Side 
 
1. 
2. 
Card Reader 
Card Reader Eject Button 
14

--- Page 23 ---
Aside from the CardReader function, this model 
provides another kind of option with the RAID function that 
lets you respond for unexpected hardware or software failure 
and performance. 
3. 
4. 
Audio Line Out Headset Jack 
Optical Drive 
The Rear 
 
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
6. 
External Microphone Jack  
Front Speaker Jack 
Rear Speaker Jack 
Bass & Center Speaker Jack 
Fiber optic transmitting connector 
LAN Port 
 When using a LAN, please use an EMI Shielding 
Cable to minimize an inteference when transmitting. 
7.  Modem Port 
 Always disconnect all telephone lines from the 
wall outlet before servicing or disassembling this equipment.  
To reduce the risk of fire use only No. 26 AWG or larger 
telecommunication line cord. 
8. 
9. 
10. 
1394 Port 
USB Ports 
Microsoft Media Center Edition Port 
15

--- Page 24 ---
11. 
12. 
13. 
S-Video Port 
External CRT Port  
Cable TV Input 
 Before connecting the cable into the connector, be 
sure to remove first the cover on the cable TV connector at 
the rear of the computer with the aid of a screw driver.   
14. 
15. 
Ventilation Opening 
Kensington Lock 
The Bottom Panel 
 
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
Hard Disk Drive/Card Reader 
Battery 
Battery Release Latch 
CPU Compartment 
Expansion Compartment 
16

--- Page 25 ---
6. 
7. 
Optical Drive Release Latch 
Optical Drive 
 
 
 
 
17

--- Page 26 ---
Page intentionally left blank   
18

--- Page 27 ---
GETTING STARTED 
Connecting to a Power Source 
Connecting the AC Adapter 
A universal AC adapter is provided to supply your computer with power 
and also charge the computer’s battery pack. The adapter’s AC input 
voltage can range anywhere from 100 to 240 volts, covering the standard 
voltages available in almost every country.  
The power cord for the AC adapter requires a three-hole grounded AC 
outlet. To connect the computer to an external power source: 
1. 
2. 
Plug the AC adapter’s connector into the DC-IN connector at the left 
side of the computer. 
Connect the power cord to the AC adapter and then to a wall outlet. 
 
19

--- Page 28 ---
The best kind of AC power source to connect your 
Notebook to is a UPS (Uninterruptible Power Supply).  
Lacking this, use a power strip with a built-in surge protector.  
Do not use inferior extension cords as this may result in 
damage to your Notebook. The Notebook comes with its own 
AC adapter. Do not use a different adapter to power the 
computer and  other electrical devices. 
Whenever possible, keep the AC adapter plugged into the Notebook and 
an electrical outlet to recharge the battery.   
  Never turn off or reset your Notebook while the 
hard disk is in use and the HDD status icon is lit; doing so can 
result in loss or destruction of your data. Always wait at least 
5 seconds after turning off your Notebook before turning it 
back on; turning the power on and off in rapid succession can 
damage the Notebook’s electrical circuitry. 
Turning On Your Notebook Computer 
Turn on your Notebook by pressing the power button. Hold the button 
down for a 1 or 2 secon and release. The Power-On Self Test (POST) 
runs automatically.   
After the POST is completed, the computer reads the operating system 
from the hard disk drive into computer memory (this is commonly 
referred to as “booting” a computer). If your OS (Operating System such 
as Windows XP etc)  is installed, it should start automatically. 
To turn the Notebook off, save your work and close all open applications, 
click on Start, then select the “Turn off the computer”. A selection box 
will be displayed and click on the “Turn Off” button to shut down your 
computer. 
  When your computer hangs up, press the power 
button for 4-6 seconds to shut down the computer. 
20

--- Page 29 ---
Operating on Battery Power  
Your computer comes with a rechargeable battery pack that lets you 
operate the computer without an external power source. When the battery 
pack is fully charged, you can operate the computer for approximately 2.5 
hours under the following conditions:  
•  The battery pack initially has a full charge. 
•  No peripheral devices are installed. 
•  The disk/DVD-ROM drives run no more than 10% of the time. 
 Only use batteries that are approved by an 
authorized dealer for this model only. All batteries are not the 
same and therefore should not be treated as such. Using the 
wrong battery could cause serious damage to your computer 
and yourself through toxic emissions. 
Inserting and Removing the Battery Pack 
The battery pack should already be inserted in your Notebook computer 
when you unpack it. If not inserted, follow these directions: 
1. 
2. 
3. 
Turn over the notebook with the front of the unit facing you and 
place it on a solid, flat surface. 
Angle the battery into the bay. The front edge of the battery should 
slide into the grooves in the system case. 
Gently lower the battery into the bay and push it until it clicks 
securely in the bay. 
 
To remove the battery pack: 
21

--- Page 30 ---
1. 
2. 
3. 
Turn off the notebook, and disconnect the AC adapter. Close the 
LCD panel and turn it over and place it on a solid, flat surface.   
Lift the release latch to release the battery from the bay. At this time 
the battery will now be angled slightly out of the bay. 
Hold the battery at the finger grip and lift it out of the compartment. 
 
Charging the Battery Pack 
The installed battery pack charges automatically any time the computer is 
connected to the AC adapter and an external power source.   
If this is your first time to use the battery, be sure to fully discharge the 
battery and recharged until it is fully charged. 
22

--- Page 31 ---
USING THE NOTEBOOK 
COMPUTER 
Adjusting the LCD Screen Display 
The LCD screen display can be adjusted by the following key 
combinations. 
KEYS FUNCTIONS 
[Fn] + [F7]  Decreases the brightness level. 
[Fn] + [F8]  Increases the brightness level. 
[Fn] + [F10]  Use this key combination to expand your video 
screen or toggle to its original size. 
[Fn] + [F12]  This key combination toggles the display between 
the LCD, CRT, simultaneous LCD/CRT, 
simultaneous LCD/TV, simultaneous LCD/CRT/TV. 
LCD Care 
LCD screens are delicate devices that need careful handling.  Please pay 
attention to the following precautions: 
•  When you are not using the computer, keep the LCD screen closed 
to protect it from dust.   
•  If you need to clean your LCD screen, use a soft tissue to gently 
wipe the LCD surface.   
•  Do not put your fingers or sharp objects directly on the surface and 
never spray cleaner directly onto the display. 
•  Do not press on, or store any objects on the cover when it is closed.  
Doing so may cause the LCD to break. 
23

--- Page 32 ---
External CRT Display 
You can hook up an external monitor through the 15-pin CRT connector.   
•  LCD only 
•  CRT only 
•  Simultaneous display of the LCD screen and CRT monitor 
•  Simultaneous display of the LCD screen and TV screen 
•  Simultaneous display of the TV screen, CRT monitor and LCD 
screen 
You can switch between these display configurations by pressing the key 
combination [Fn] + [F12].  For information on connecting an external 
display, please refer to Chapter Four. 
A Tour of the Notebook’s Keyboard 
The Notebook’s keyboard uses a standard QWERTY layout with the 
addition of special function keys and an embedded numeric keypad for 
number intensive data entry. Your keyboard supports Windows  by 
incorporating the two Windows specific keys.   
With the two Windows keys you will be able to access and take 
advantage of many of the timesaving features of Windows software. The 
function keys (F1-F12) on the top row of the keyboard, serve different 
purposes and carry out different tasks depending on the application you 
are running.   
The cursor (arrow) keys (which are all located in the lower right corner of 
your keyboard) and the [PgUp], [PgDn], [Home] and [End] keys (which 
are located along the right edge of the keyboard) allow you to move the 
active cursor of the computer to various locations on the screen or within 
the document. 
The embedded numeric keypad consists of 15 keys that make number 
intensive input more convenient. Like the [Num Lock] key, these keys are 
labeled in blue on the keycaps. Numeric assignments are located at the 
upper right of each key.   
When the numeric keypad is engaged, the NumLock icon will appear in 
the System Window. The keypad is activated by pressing the [Fn] + 
[NumLk] key. If an external keyboard is connected, pressing the 
NumLock key on either the Notebook or external keyboard will 
enable/disable NumLock of both keyboards in unison. 
24

--- Page 33 ---
To disable the Notebook numeric keypad while keeping the keypad on an 
external keyboard activated, use the [Fn] + [NumLk] hot key on the 
Notebook keyboard. 
The Notebook’s Hot Key Controls 
KEYS FUNCTION(S) 
Power Button  Press this button once to power on or enter 
the suspend/resume mode. 
Press this button for more than 4 seconds to 
power off the system. 
[Fn] + [F2]  This key combination turns on/off the 
volume. 
[Fn] + [F3]  Decreases the speaker volume.   
[Fn] + [F4]  Increases the speaker volume.   
[Fn] + [F5]  Enable/Disable the system Touchpad 
function 
[Fn] + [F7]  Decreases the brightness level. 
[Fn] + [F8]  Increases the brightness level. 
[Fn] + [F10]  Use this key combination to expand your 
video screen or reset to its original size. 
[Fn] + [F12]  This key combination toggles the display 
between the LCD, CRT, simultaneous 
LCD/CRT, simultaneous LCD/TV, 
simultaneous LCD/CRT/TV. 
Launch Button 
KEYS FUNCTION(S) 
TV Button  Press this button to open the TV function. 
(Launch the InterVideo WinDVR application) 
DVD Button  Press this button to open the DVD player for 
playing any DVD file (Launch the InterVideo 
WinDVD application) 
Music Button  Press this button to open the Music 
application in playing any music file (Launch 
the InterVideo WinRIP application) 
25

--- Page 34 ---
KEYS FUNCTION(S) 
Internet 
Button 
Open the Microsoft’s IE Internet Explorer 
Email Button  Open the Microsoft’s Outlook  
The TouchPad 
The touchpad is a rectangular electronic panel located just below your 
keyboard. You can use the static-sensitive panel of the touchpad and slit it 
to move the cursor. You can use the buttons below the touchpad as left 
and right mouse buttons. 
 
TouchPad Precautions 
The TouchPad is a pressure sensitive device. Please take note of the 
following precautions. 
•  Make sure the TouchPad does not come into contact with dirt, 
liquids or grease. 
•  Do not touch the TouchPad if your fingers are dirty. 
•  Do not rest heavy objects on the TouchPad or the TouchPad buttons. 
You can use the TouchPad with Microsoft Windows as well as non-
Windows applications. 
Data Storage and Retrieval 
Data storage and retrieval are two of the most fundamental tasks you will 
perform when working with your computer. The Notebook is equipped 
with a hard disk drive (HDD).   
26

--- Page 35 ---
The HDD is removable allowing for easy upgrades.  
The DVD-ROM/Combo 
Features of the DVD-ROM/Combo Module 
The features of the DVD-ROM/Combo drive are listed below. 
•  The Audio Play feature allows you to play music CDs 
•  Front panel load/unload button 
•  Supports CD-DA, DVD-ROM mode 1 and mode 2, Multi-Session 
Photo CD™, CD-I/Video CD (pcs.) 
•  Low power consumption 
•  12.7mm height 
Precautions for Handling DVD-ROM/Combo Discs 
•  Always hold the disc by the edges, avoid touching the surface. 
•  Use a clean, dry, cloth to remove dust, smudges, or fingerprints.  
Wipe from the center outward. 
•  Do not write or place objects on the surface of the disc. 
•  Store discs in a cool dry place not to damage the disc.   
•  Do not use benzene, thinners, or cleaners with detergent.  Only use 
DVD-ROM cleaning kits. 
•  Do not bend or drop the discs. 
PCMCIA Cards and Expansion Sockets 
The Notebook features one PCMCIA expansion socket design to interface 
with one Type II card.   
Inserting a PCMCIA Card 
The computer will emit a medium tone followed by a high tone when a 
PC card is inserted. When you eject a card, the computer will emit a high 
tone followed by a medium tone. You can insert and remove a PC card 
whether the computer is turned On or Off. 
Follow these instructions to insert a PCMCIA card: 
1. 
2. 
Hold the PCMCIA card with the arrow side up and the connector 
side toward the socket. 
Align the card connectors with the socket and carefully slide into the 
socket until it locks into place.   
27

--- Page 36 ---
The system will beep once to indicate that it has detected the PC card. 
To remove a PC card push the eject button, the button will pop-out, push 
the button again to eject the PCMCIA.   
When inserting a Type II PC card, make sure the connector is inserted in 
the socket.  Before ejecting a PC card, ensure that it is not being accessed 
by the System.  
For example, if the message “Write protect error writing Drive x” is 
displayed, the user has to change the write protect switch setting on the 
memory card. To change the switch setting, (a) eject the card, (b) change 
the switch setting, and (c) re-insert the card. 
Always disconnect all telephone lines from the wall outlet before 
servicing or disassembling this equipment. To reduce the risk of fire, use 
only No. 26 AWG or larger telecommunication line cord. 
Power Saving Modes 
This section contains information on the Notebook’s power system, 
including the AC Adapter, the battery system, recharging the battery, and 
tips for conserving battery power.   
The power system is comprised of two parts, the AC Adapter and the 
battery system.  The AC Adapter converts AC power from a wall outlet to 
the DC power required by the computer.   
The Battery Power System 
A fully charged pack will provide approximately 2.5 hours (Prescott 
2.8GHz CPU, power saving mode runs battery mark 4.0.1) of battery life 
depending on your system configuration application it runs.   
Before using the computer on battery power for the first time, check the 
battery status icon on the Windows Toolbar to make sure the battery is 
fully charged.   
See Battery Status later in this section for a description and explanation of 
the Windows Battery icon. Charging the battery takes about 4 hours to 
charge when the system is in off state. If possible, always charge the 
battery completely.  
Removing the Battery Pack 
To remove the battery pack from its compartment, please refer to Chapter 
Three, Inserting and Removing the Battery Pack. 
28

--- Page 37 ---
Preparing the Battery Pack for Use 
Before using the battery pack for the first time, the Smart Battery IC 
within the battery pack should be calibrated in order to get accurate 
reporting of remaining battery life status.   
To calibrate the battery pack follows the instructions below: 
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
Insert the battery into the battery compartment and turn on the 
Notebook.  If the battery is completely without power go to the next 
step.   
 
Otherwise, let the battery run down until the battery low-low 
warning beeps are heard.   
The system will automatically enter Suspend mode. 
Turn the Notebook off.  Connect the AC adapter and let the battery 
fully recharge.  When the battery charge indicator turns off, the 
battery is fully charged. 
Turn On the notebook, let the battery run down until the battery is in 
low-low state and you hear a warning beeps. The system will 
automatically enter the Suspend mode. You can now connect the AC 
adapter. 
The battery pack is now calibrated properly. 
In general, using the battery until the low-low battery-warning indicator 
appears and fully recharges the battery each time (full discharge/charge 
cycle) will ensure the accurate reporting of the battery gauge status. 
Automatic Battery Pack Charging Function  
You can automatically charge the battery pack by using the AC Adapter.  
The charge time is about three hours when the Notebook power is turned 
off.  The following table summarizes the charging modes: 
Charge Mode Charge Time 
Fast  4 hours with the system off or in Suspend 
mode. The temperature must be 25°C or 
below room temperature. 
Pre-Charge  A pre-charge is supplied to the Li-Ion 
battery pack. 
29

--- Page 38 ---
Battery Status 
Windows XP has an applet in the Control Panel that will display an icon 
in the Windows taskbar indicating when the Notebook is running on 
battery power or is attached to the AC adapter.   
This applet also displays a meter that indicates how much charge is 
remaining in the battery.  
Battery Low Warning  
When the pack initially reaches the “Battery Low” state approximately 10 
~ 15 minutes of the usable battery life is left.   
You will hear an audible beep signal every 1.5 seconds alerting you to the 
“Battery Low” status. When the battery power reaches the “Battery Low 
Low” status the beeping sound will accelerate.   
Your battery now has 1 ~ 2 minutes of battery charge remaining. You 
must save your data or connect AC power immediately; otherwise, you 
may lose your data. 
Sound Meaning 
Continuous 
beeping every 
1.5 seconds 
Battery Low: Indicates that there is 10 
to15 minutes charge remaining.   
Beeping 
accelerates 
Battery Low Low:  Indicates that there is 1 
to 2 minutes of battery charge remaining.  
Save your work and turn off the Notebook, 
or connect the AC adapter. 
When there is only one minute of battery charge remaining, the Notebook 
will suspend to the HDD and power off. You should connect AC power 
and resume to save your work. 
Small Battery for the Real Time Clock 
There is a small built-in battery pack that supplies power to the system in 
order to maintain certain system information while the power is off. If the 
Notebook is left without a power source for long period of time, this 
battery will be exhausted and system information will be lost.   
Danger of explosion if battery is incorrectly replaced. Replace only with 
the same or equivalent type recommended by the manufacturer. Dispose 
of used batteries according to the manufacturer's instructions.   
30

--- Page 39 ---
Never remove the battery pack while the power is on as this may result in 
data loss when the system loses power. 
Resetting the System 
After installing a software application package, you may be prompted to 
reset the system to load the changed operating environment. To reset the 
system, or “reboot,” press the [Ctrl] + [Alt] + [Delete] keys 
simultaneously. This is known as “warm boot.” This key combination 
acts as “software” reset switch when you encounter hardware or software 
problems, which lock up the Notebook.  
If this key combination does not shut down the Notebook, you can reset 
the Notebook by using the Notebook’s power button. Should the 
Notebook lock up for some reason, pressing this button powers the 
Notebook off. 
Adjusting the Brightness  
To adjust the brightness on the LCD screen, press and hold down the [Fn] 
key in the lower left hand corner of the keyboard and press the [F7] key 
to reduce the brightness or [F8] to increase the brightness.  
 
 
 
 
31

--- Page 40 ---
Page intentionally left blank   
32

--- Page 41 ---
DESKTOP OPERATION 
This chapter discusses those functions of your notebook that are typical of 
desktop systems. 
Audio 
The Multimedia Sound System 
The Notebook’s built-in audio capabilities allow you to take advantage of 
a wide range of education and entertainment multimedia software. The 
Notebook is equipped with internal stereo speakers, a microphone, and 
input audio ports for external audio units.   
An external microphone can be connected to the microphone jack.  
External speakers or headphones can be connected to the Notebook’s 
audio-out jack. External audio devices can be connected to the Line in 
jack.     
Audio Volume Control 
The Notebook is equipped with hot-key volume controls: Pressing the [Fn] 
+ [F3] hot-key combination decreases the audio output volume; press the 
[Fn] + [F4] hot-key combination increases the audio output volume. 
Audio Software 
Your notebook comes equipped with an integrated sound system capable 
of providing you with quality audio sound through the built-in speakers or 
through external speakers connected via the system ports. 
Sound Recording 
Your system allows you to record sounds and store them as files using the 
microphone via the microphone jack on the rear of the notebook 
computer. Check the Windows Help and Support Center in Windows for 
information on using the various elements in sound recording. 
33

--- Page 42 ---
For a high-quality sound, click on the "Volume Control" at the lower right 
end of your screen. From the Volume Control windows, click on the 
"Advanced" tab, click and select the "Microphone Boost" item. 
Playing Sound Files 
Your notebook can play audio files stored in MIDI, WAVE or MP3 file 
format. Check the Help and Support Center in Windows for information 
on the functions of the Media Player. 
External Speakers and Microphone 
The sound system is capable in providing high-quality sound to external 
speakers and receiving and processing sounds from an external 
microphone or external sound source. 
Connecting Peripheral Devices 
Installing the External monitor 
This machine allows use of an external monitor. After you have finished 
installing it, press [FN]+[F12] simultaneously to change the display 
Installing the Printer 
Simply connect the enclosed cable to connect the notebook computer 
USB port to the printer.  You also have to install the printer driver.   
Installing USB Devices 
USB devices are Plug & Play, just plug the USB device into any USB 
port on the notebook computer to use it. There are some exceptions.  
Some devices will not be supported by the OS.  In these cases you follow 
the instructions in the device’s manual to install the proper drivers in 
order use the USB devices. 
Connecting to the network 
Unless you are a technician, we do not recommend that you install to the 
Ethernet all by yourself. The illustration only shows how to connect the 
notebook to the network, the actual application and setting should be done 
following the instructions in the OS manual, or you should ask for a 
technician’s professional assistance. 
34

--- Page 43 ---
Installing the modem 
Using the modem to connect to the Internet is a common practice.  
Connect the modem to this notebook according to the methods described 
on the rear, and then use a phone cable to connect the slot on the modem 
to the jack of the phone line. The hardware installation is complete. Then 
follow the instructions from your ISP (Internet Service Provider), to make 
the proper connection to the Internet. 
 
 
 
 
35

--- Page 45 ---
CONFIGURING AND MAINTAINING 
YOUR SYSTEM 
Introduction 
The BIOS (Basic Input and Output System) Setup program is a menu 
driven utility that enables you to make changes to the system 
configuration and tailor your system to reflect installed hardware or alter 
system performance. When the Notebook is turned back on, the system is 
configured with the values stored in CMOS. With easy-to-use menus, you 
can configure such items as: 
•  Hard drives and peripherals 
•  Boot up Drive Sequence 
•  Password protection 
•  Power Management Features 
The settings made in the BIOS Setup program intimately affect how the 
Notebook performs.   
Navigating through BIOS Setup 
The Setup program has been designed to make it as easy to use as 
possible.  If you accidentally make a setting and don’t know which one to 
switch back to, the Setup program has a hot key that allows you to return 
to the previous value.   
Accessing the BIOS Setup Program 
To access the BIOS Setup program, press the DEL key after the 
Notebook has run through its POST. 
37

--- Page 46 ---
Item Specific Help 
On the right side of the Setup screen is an area labeled Item Specific Help.  
This area will list navigation key shortcuts and information that is specific 
for the item that you are currently editing. 
The Menu Bar 
The top of the screen has a menu bar with the following selections: 
•  Main - Use this menu to make changes to the basic system 
configuration. 
•  Advanced - Use this menu to enable and make changes to the 
advanced features available on your system. 
•  Security - Use this menu to set a password.  The password allows 
boot up and controls access to the BIOS setup menu. 
•  Boot - Use this menu to configure the default system device used 
to locate and load the Operating System and for booting up the 
Notebook. 
•  Exit - Use this menu to exit the current menu or specify how to 
exit the Setup program. 
To access the menu bar items, press the right or left arrow key on the 
keyboard until the desired item is highlighted. 
The Legend Bar 
At the bottom of the Setup screen you will notice a legend bar.  The keys 
in the legend bar allow you to navigate through the various setup menus.   
The following table lists the keys found in the legend bar with their 
corresponding alternates and functions. 
Legend Key  Alternate 
Key 
Function 
F1    Displays the General Help 
window.  It can be enabled from 
anywhere in the BIOS. 
Esc    Jumps to the Exit menu or returns 
to the Main menu from a 
submenu. 
← 
  Selects the menu item to the left. 
→ 
  Selects the menu item to the 
38

--- Page 47 ---
Legend Key  Alternate 
Key 
Function 
right. 
↑ or ↓ 
arrow keys  Moves the cursor up and down 
between fields. 
Tab  Enter  Moves the cursor to the next 
position available in the field. 
Shift + Tab    Moves the cursor to previous 
position available in the field. 
Minus key (-) 
  Scrolls backward through the 
values for the highlighted field. 
Plus key (+)    Scrolls forward through the values 
for the highlighted field. 
Home  PgUp  Moves the cursor to the field at 
the top of the window. 
End  PgDn  Moves the cursor to the field at 
the bottom of the window. 
F9    Sets the parameters for the 
current menu to their default 
values. 
F10   Save and Exit. 
Enter    Will select a sub menu or show a 
range of options for a field. 
Launching Submenus 
Note that a right pointer symbol 

 appears to the left of certain fields.  
This pointer indicates that a submenu can be launched from this field.  A 
submenu contains additional options for a field parameter.  To call up a 
submenu, simply move the cursor to highlight the field and press the 
[Enter] key.  Use the [Esc] key to return to the Main menu. 
General Help 
In addition to the Item Specific Help window, the BIOS Setup program 
also provides a General Help screen can be called up from any menu by 
simply pressing [F1].   
To exit the help window, press the [Enter] or the [Esc] key.  
39

--- Page 48 ---
Save Changes and Exit the Setup Program 
Refer to the Exit menu section of this chapter for detailed information on 
saving changes and exiting the setup program. 
The Main Menu 
When the Setup program is accessed, the following screen appears: 
 
40

--- Page 49 ---
The Advanced Menu 
Selecting Advanced from the menu bar displays the advanced menu: 
 
 If your system support InterVideo application, 
select the “InterVideo” item from the “Shortcut Key Working 
With” selection menu.   
If your system supports the WinXP MCE application, select 
the “WinXP MCE” item from the “Shortcut Key Working With” 
selection menu. 
If your system supports the CyberLink application, select the 
“CyberLink” item from the “Shortcut Key Working With” 
selection menu. 
41

--- Page 50 ---
The Security Menu 
The Notebook’s advanced system of security allows you to set a 
password to prevent unauthorized access to system resources, data, and 
the BIOS Setup Program.   
 
42

--- Page 51 ---
The Boot Menu 
The Boot menu allows the user to specify the order in which the 
Notebook is to check for a device to boot the system.  You can also 
configure the way that the system will boot up.  To make changes, select 
Boot from the menu bar.   
The following screen appears: 
 
Use the up and down arrows to select the boot device.  Then press either 
the plus key [+] to move the device up the list or the minus key [-] to 
move the device down the list. 
43

--- Page 52 ---
The Exit Menu 
Once you have made all of your selections from the various menus in the 
Setup program, you should save your changes and exit Setup.  Select Exit 
from the menu bar to display the following menu: 
 
44

--- Page 53 ---
RAID SETTING (OPTION) 
 
Raid Setting (If Your System Supports RAID) 
Short for Redundant  Array of Independent (or Inexpensive)  Disks, a 
category of disk drives that employ one or more drives in combination 
for to respond gracefully to an unexpected hardware or software failure 
and performance. RAID disk drives are used frequently on servers but 
aren't generally necessary for personal computers. 
There are number of different RAID levels. 
•  Level 0: Provides data striping (spreading out blocks of each file 
across multiple disks) but no redundancy. This improves 
performance but does not deliver fault tolerance.  
•  Level 1: Provides a technique in which data is written to two 
duplicate disks simultaneously. 
Follow the following procedures: 
•  Power on your system. 
 
45

--- Page 54 ---
•  Press <Ctrl-F> key combination to further enter the available 
option in installing the RAID setting. 
 
•  Select from 1 to 5 for various option. 
 
•  Press the “ESC” key to exit after the application has been properly 
installed. 
Installing the System OS 
The support CD that comes along with your package contain the RAID 
driver for you to install in order to run this application. 
•  Insert the Support CD into your notebook optical drive. Copy the 
Driver\RAID\*.* to the diskette.   
•  You will have to boot the system with a disk before you copy the 
driver to the diskette. 
46

--- Page 55 ---
•  Connect the floppy disk drive along with the diskette inserted 
inside to your notebook computer. 
•  Insert your OS CD into the optical drive.   
•  Power on your computer and boot directly from the OS CD. 
 
•  Follow the instruction on the display and press the “F6” button. 
 
•  Press the “S” key to the additional device. 
47

--- Page 56 ---
•  Again press the “Enter” key to select the Win XP OS and proceed 
with the installation of the Win XP on your system. 
 
 
 
48

--- Page 57 ---
MICROSOFT CENTER EDITION  
(MCE) (OPTION) 
Windows XP Media Center Edition (MCE) 
The Windows MCE is a complete software for home PC operating system 
for you to enjoy entertainment choices together in one place easily 
accessible from anywhere in the room. This will benefits the consumers 
to enjoy Media Center experience in their own living room. 
 For more information on the function of the MCE, 
please refer to the Microsoft’s Windows XP MCE user’s guide 
that goes along with your software package. 
 
 
49

--- Page 58 ---
Please be advice that when you received your 
computer, the MCE port at the rear side is block for the 
reason that It is not available yet for this version. 
MCE Application Sound Adjustment 
This notice only applies to those systems that only support MCE 
application when you are using the Windows volume adjustment function. 
From your Windows, click on the lower left corner of the screen the 
speaker icon and open the Volume Control Properties Window. 
 
If you are using MCE’s “My TV” application 
1. 
2. 
Use your mouse right button to click on the “Volume” icon and 
select the “Open Volume Control” item. 
The “Volume Control” display window is displayed on your screen. 
 
50

--- Page 59 ---
3.  Click on the “Options” tab and select the “Properties” item. 
 
4. 
5. 
From the “Properties” display window, enable the “Aux” item and 
click “OK”. 
The “Aux” is now added on the “Volume Control” window. 
 
6.  Enable the “Mute” tab on the “Aux” item and close the window. 
If you are using InterVideo’s WinDVR application 
The procedures are almost the same as those mentioned above from steps 
1 to 5 to adjust the volume control.  On step 6, disable the “Mute” tab on 
the “Aux” item and close the window. 
51

--- Page 61 ---
THE SOFTWARE UTILITIES DISKS 
There are two separate procedures on how to install the driver: AutoRun 
installation and Manual installation. 
AutoRun Installation 
Installing the AGP Driver 
•  Insert the DVD-ROM Driver into your DVD-ROM drive.   
•  D:\Driver\AGP\, click on “Setup” to begin the Installation Wizard. 
•  Restart the system. 
Installing VGA Display Driver  
•  Insert the DVD-ROM Driver into your DVD-ROM drive. 
•  D:\Driver\VGA\, click on “Setup” to begin the Installation Wizard. 
•  Restart the system. 
Intalling the Audio Driver 
•  Insert the DVD-ROM Driver into your DVD-ROM drive. 
•  D:\Driver\Audio\, click on “Setup” to begin the Installation Wizard. 
•  Restart the system. 
Installing the 1000/100/10M LAN Driver 
•  Insert the DVD-ROM Driver into your DVD-ROM drive.   
•  D:\Driver\1GLAN\, click on “Setup” to begin the Installation 
Wizard. 
•  Restart the system. 
Installing the CardReader Driver 
•  Insert the DVD-ROM Driver into your DVD-ROM drive. 
•  D:\Driver\CardReader\, click on “Setup” to begin the Installation 
53

--- Page 62 ---
Wizard. 
•  Restart the system. 
Installing the TV Tuner Drivers 
•  Insert the DVD-ROM Driver into your DVD-ROM drive. 
•  D:\Driver\TVTuner\, click on “Setup” to begin the Installation 
Wizard. 
•  Restart the system. 
Installing the TouchPad Driver  
•  Insert the DVD-ROM Driver into your DVD-ROM drive. 
•  D:\Driver\Touchpad\win2KXP\, click on “Setup” to begin the 
Installation Wizard. 
•  Restart the system. 
Installing the InterVideo WinCinema (XP) Driver  
•  Insert the DVD-ROM Driver into your DVD-ROM drive. 
•  D:\Utility\InterVideo\, click on “Setup” to begin the Installation 
Wizard. 
•  Restart the system. 
Installing the InterVideo WinCinema (MCE) Driver  
•  Insert the DVD-ROM Driver into your DVD-ROM drive. 
•  D:\Utility\InterVideo\, click on “MCE” to begin the Installation 
Wizard. 
•  Restart the system. 
Installing the MCE TV Filter Driver  
•  Insert the DVD-ROM Driver into your DVD-ROM drive. 
•  D:\Driver\MCEFilterSDK\, click on “MCEPatch” to begin the 
Installation Wizard. 
•  Restart the system. 
Manual Installation 
To install the driver manually, follow the step-by-step procedures 
described on each individual section for a more clear installation. 
54

--- Page 63 ---
Installing the LiteOn/PCTEL Modem Driver  
•  Insert the CD-ROM Driver into your CD-ROM/DVD-ROM drive. 
•  D:\Driver\MDC\LiteOn\Modem\WinXP\, click on “Setup” to begin 
the Installation Wizard. 
•  Restart the system. 
Installing the Billionton/SmartLink Modem Driver  
•  Insert the CD-ROM Driver into your CD-ROM/DVD-ROM drive. 
•  D:\Driver\MDC\Billionton\Modem\Win2KXP\, click on “Setup” to 
begin the Installation Wizard. 
•  Restart the system. 
Installing the Actiontec (Qcom)/Agere Modem Driver for 
Win2KXP 
•  Insert the CD-ROM Driver into your CD-ROM/DVD-ROM drive. 
•  D: Driver\MDC\QCOM\Modem\Win2kXP\, click on “Setup” to 
begin the Installation Wizard. 
•  Restart the system. 
Installing the CardBus Driver 
•  From Start, click on the "My Computer" icon and click the "View 
System Information". 
•  Click on the "Hardware" tab from the "System Properties" dialog 
window. 
•  Click the "Device Manager" button. 
•  Double click on the "PCMCIA adapters", double click the "Generic 
CardBus Controller" and click on the "Driver" tab. 
•  Click the "Update Driver" tab and select the "Install from a list or 
specific location (Advanced)" item and click "Next". 
•  Select the "Include this location in the search" item and click on 
the "Browse" button and specify for the designate location of your 
CD driver D:\Driver\Cardbus\WinXP to proceed with the 
installation. 
Installing the MiniPCI Wireless LAN Card Driver for WinXP 
•  From Start, click on the "My Computer" icon and click the "View 
System Information". 
55

--- Page 64 ---
•  Click on the "Hardware" tab from the "System Properties" dialog 
window. 
•  Click the "Device Manager" button. 
•  Double click on the "Other Devices", double click the "Network 
Controller " and click on the "Driver" tab. 
•  Click the "Update Driver" tab and select the "Install from a list or 
specific location (Advanced)" item and click "Next".
 
•  Select the "Include this location in the search" item and click on 
the "Browse" button and specify for the designate location of your 
CD driver  
D:\Driver\MiniPCI\Qcom_WLAN\LAN_802MIG or 
D:\Driver\MiniPCI\Qcom_WLAN\LAN_802MR or 
D:\Driver\MiniPCI\Billionton_WLAN\MIWLGRL11G or 
D:\Driver\MiniPCI\Billionton_WLAN\MIWLRP11B or  
D:\Driver\MiniPCI\Intel\2200BG 
QCOM 802MKG 
•  Insert the DVD-ROM Driver into your DVD-ROM drive. 
•  D\Driver\MiniPCI\Qcom_WLAN\LAN_802MKG\, click  
“RaLink” to begin the Installation Wizard. 
•  Restart the system. 
56

--- Page 65 ---
VGA Utilities 
After you have restarted Windows, open the “Control Panel” and double 
click on the “Display” icon. From the “Display Properties” window, 
select the “Settings” tab and click on the “Advanced” tab to enter the 
“(Multiple Monitors) on ATi MOBILITY RADEON 9700 Series 
Properties" window.   
 
57

--- Page 66 ---
ATI Adapter 
 
ATI’s Display 
The ATI’s Display driver allows three simultaneous outputs to LCD, 
CRT, LCD/CRT, TV/LCD, LCD/TV and CRT. Before proceeding, be 
sure the monitor is connected to the computer. 
User can also use hotkeys by typing the name that corresponds with the 
combinations mentioned above. 
58

--- Page 68 ---
Color 
You can adjust the right resolution for your screen display. 
 
60

--- Page 69 ---
Options 
Display all the items concerning the ATI related function. 
 
61

--- Page 71 ---
Page intentionally left blank   
63

--- Page 72 ---
VIEWING LIVE VIDEO  
(OPTION) 
 
The Utility allows you to access the entire range of display controls and 
configuration options. Its live video can co-exist with other applications 
running at the time. In addition, you have the choice of keeping the 
default video window size, scaling it to any other size or using the entire 
screen for video display. You can either sit in front of your monitor, 
controlling the video with menu commands, toolbar buttons as well as the 
TV Tuner, or lay back in your chair with the remote control pad in your 
hand. 
 For more detailed information on the function for 
each individual mode on the Remote Control, please refer to 
the Remote Control Guide user’s manual. 
Using the Remote Control 
The Remote Control comes with three multimedia softwares: WinDVR, 
WinDVD, and WinRip. These softwares use only one remote control; the 
function of each buttons will vary on different software.  
 
64

--- Page 73 ---
• 
• 
• 
DVR Mode Button - Press the 
DVR button if you want to use the 
WinDVR software. “WinDVR” gives 
you high-quality digital recording of 
your favorite TV shows on your PC. 
DVD Mode Button - Press the 
DVD button if you want to use the 
WinDVD software. “WinDVD” uses 
the power of your PC to bring 
DVDs to life. 
Music/Audio DJ Mode Button 
 
Under Windows environment – 
Pressing this button will launch the 
InterVideo “WinRIP” application to 
play your favorite music. 
 
When the system is power off and 
on AC mode, pressing this button 
will automatically open the audio 
application to listen to your favorite 
music. 
WinDVR Mode 
Cable Connection 
Your notebook supports three video standard namely: NTSC, PAL and 
SECAM. Ask your local dealer on the type of standard being used in 
your respective country of origin. 
•  Remove the cover on the cable TV connector at the rear of the 
computer with the aid of a screwdriver 
.   
•  Connect one end of the cable wire to the RF connector of the 
computer while the other end is connected to the wall socket or 
directly to the antenna. 
65

--- Page 74 ---
Defining the Video Source 
 
Select the PAL, NTSC or SECAM, depending 
on which standard the selected source is using. 
The factory default is the standard used by your 
p
urchase country, and normally there is no need 
to change this setting.   
If you are working outside your country, you 
are required to adjust the setting of our video 
source. From the WinDVR window, click on 
your mouse right button and select the “Setup” 
item. 
From the “Setup” dialog window, click on the 
“Standard” selection items and drag down the 
arrow to select on the type of TV standard 
based on your respective country of origin. 
 
 
66

--- Page 75 ---
Application buttons in DVR mode 
 TV - Launch the WinDVR application 
 Channel Surfing - Surf channels by displaying 16 channels at 
once. 
 Full screen - Change display size to full screen. 
 Mute - Mute or restore sound when watching TV. 
 C.C. (Close Caption) - Display overlay text caption. 
 MTS/SAP - Switch TV sound mode to mono stereo or SAP 
 Scan (Auto scan) - Scans all available channels for context. 
 Arrow Up and Down - Navigates up or down. 
 Arrow Left and Right - Navigates left or right. 
 Cancel - Cancel last operation. 
67

--- Page 76 ---
 Select - Selection. 
 CH Up & Down - Selects next 
higher or lower channel in channel 
memory. 
 Replay – Playback previous 
sequel after pressing the 
TimeShift. 
 Skip - Skip the recorded program. 
 Volume (Volume up and down) - 
Increase and decrease sound. 
 Stop - Stops functions such as 
record, play, rewind, forward and 
pause. 
 Play/Pause - Plays or pauses a 
scene. 
 Record - Records TV and encodes 
it into MPEG I/II format. 
 TimeShift - Pauses live TV. 
 Real Screen (Go Live) – Stop 
timeshift. 
 Snapshot - Captures a favorite 
screen shots from the program. 
 Numeric Keypad (0-9) - Select a 
channel up to 99 by pressing two 
numbers. 
 
68

--- Page 77 ---
Application buttons in DVD mode 
 DVD - Launch the WinDVD 
application. 
 Audio Selection - Selects a language. 
 Subtitle - Activates language subtitles. 
 Full screen - Change display size to 
full screen. 
 Angle (Angle Selection) - Allows 
multiple angle viewing 
 Mute - Mute or restore sound when 
watching CD title or MPEG file. 
 Arrow Up and Down - Navigates up 
or down. 
 Arrow Left and Right - Navigates left 
or right. 
 Cancel - Cancel last operation. 
 Select - Selection. 
 Speed - Speed up the play. 
 CHAPTER (Previous & Next) - 
Selects previous or next chapter. 
 Volume (Volume up and down) - 
Increase and decrease sound. 
 REW  - Play disc in fast reverse mode. 
 FWD - Play disc in fast forward mode. 
 Stop - Stops the current play. 
 Play/Pause - Starts or pause the disc. 
 Step Forward  Single frame advance while in pause mode. 
 Bookmark - Instantly mark your favorite scene. 
 Menu - Opens DVD title main menu. 
 SnapShot - Captures still images of current playback. 
 Numeric Keypad (0-9) - Inputs chapter number to playback. 
69

--- Page 78 ---
Please take note that when you are playing the 
DVD applicaton, you will only be able to use the Remote 
Control DVD button if your system support the InterVideo 
WinCinema application.If your system support the WinXPMCE 
application, you will have to use the “Microsoft Remote 
Control” that comes with your package. 
 
Use Lunch key to chosoe between these two applications, 
please proceed to BIOS Setup and select the “Advanced” 
menu. From the “Shortcut Key Working With” selection item, 
select the “InterVideo” if your system only support the 
”InterVideo” application or the “WinXP MCE” application if 
your system support the Microsoft’s WinXP MCE application. 
Limitation when playing DVD files 
The computer allows you to connect external devices such as monitor and 
TV to your notebook computer.  Open the “Control  Panel” and double 
click on the “Display” icon. From the “Display Properties” window, 
select the “Settings” tab and click on the “Advanced” tab to enter the 
“(Multiple Monitors) on ATi MOBILITY RADEON 9700 Series 
Properties" window. 
Click on the “Displays” tab to set the monitor or TV or LCD as your 
“Primary” display device to play the DVD files. 
70

--- Page 79 ---
The VGA driver default value set the LCD as 
Primary display device. If the LCD is set as “Primary” display 
therefore the video image will not display on the monitor or 
TV. However, if you wish to have the video image display on 
your external display devices, set the monitor or TV as your 
“Primary” display device. 
 
 
 
71

--- Page 80 ---
Application buttons in Music mode 
 Music - Launch the WinRIP 
application. 
 DSP Toggle – Let you enable or 
disable the DSP window when the 
WinRIP application is launched. 
 Mute - Mute or restore sound when 
playing music. 
 Arrow Up and Down - Navigates up 
or down. 
 Arrow Left and Right - Navigates left 
or right. 
 Cancel - Cancel last operation. 
 Select - Selection. 
 Track (Previous & Next) - Plays 
previous or next track in the list. 
 Volume (Volume up and down) - 
Increase and decrease sound. 
 Shuffle - Play tracks in random order. 
 Repeat - Repeat current track or all 
tracks. 
 Stop - Stop playback. 
 Play/Pause - Play or pause a music 
track. 
 
72

--- Page 81 ---
Application buttons in Audio DJ mode 
 
 Audio DJ - Launch the Audio DJ 
application when the system is off. 
 Mute - Mute or restore sound when 
listening audio DJ. 
 Volume (Volume up and down) - 
Increase and decrease sound. 
 REW  - Play disc in fast reverse 
mode. 
 FWD - Play disc in fast forward 
mode. 
 Stop - Stop the recording. 
 Play/Pause - Play or pause a music 
track. 
 
73

--- Page 82 ---
Page intentionally left blank   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
74

--- Page 83 ---
TROUBLESHOOTING 
This chapter describes locating and solving problems that you may 
encounter while using your computer. 
Locating a Problem 
Problems with your computer can be caused by something as minor as an 
unplugged power cord – or as major as a damaged hard disk. The 
information in this chapter is designed to help you find and solve minor 
problems. If you try all the suggested solutions and you still have a 
problem, make a list of what steps you have taken to correct the problem 
and contact your dealer.  
Successful troubleshooting is the result of careful observation, deductive 
reasoning, and an organized approach to solving the problem.  
The problems that you will encounter can be divided into two basic 
categories: hardware problems and software problems. Hardware 
problems can be further divided into electrical and mechanical problems. 
You will know you have a hardware problem if the screen is dark, the 
computer cannot read the disk drives, or you get an error message during 
the Power-On Self Test (POST). 
Software errors can occur at several levels.  The ROM BIOS and the 
operating system can give you a large number of error messages.  On top 
of this, each application software package has its own set of error 
messages. It is important to determine whether the software error message 
you are getting is from the application or the operating system. Once you 
know this, you can look in the respective manual for a solution to the 
problem. 
75

--- Page 84 ---
Checking Cables and Connections 
Start by performing a careful visual inspection of the exterior of the 
computer.  If no LEDs are illuminated, make sure that your computer and 
its peripherals are getting power and communicating with each other 
properly. 
To check the power cables, and connections: 
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
If you have been using battery power, connect the Notebook to an 
external power source and make sure that the battery has a charge.  
If you are using the Notebook with the AC adapter, check the power 
outlet, the power cord, and any power switches that may affect your 
computer. 
•  Check the wall outlet or power strip with an item that you 
know is functioning properly. A lamp or radio is a 
convenient item for checking the power. You may also 
need to check the fuses and breakers in your electric box. 
•  If the outlet is controlled by a wall switch, make sure that 
the switch is on. 
•  If the outlet is controlled by a dimmer switch, use a 
different outlet. 
•  If your computer is plugged into a power strip with an 
On/Off switch, make sure the switch is on. 
With the computer’s power switched off, check all cable connections. 
If the computer is connected to any peripheral devices, look for loose 
or disconnected cables.  
•  If the computer is too close to a wall, a cable connection 
may be loose or the cables may be crimped.  
•  Do not substitute cables for different devices (other than 
the manufacturer recommended cables) even if they look 
exactly alike. The wiring inside the cable may be 
different. 
When you are certain that you have power available and all 
connections are good, turn the computer on again. If the computer 
still does not start, you may have a hardware problem.  
76

--- Page 85 ---
The Power-On Self Test 
The Power-On Self Test (POST) runs every time you turn on or reset the 
Notebook. The POST checks memory, the main system board, the display, 
the keyboard, the disk drives, and other installed options.  
A few seconds after you turn on your computer, a copyright message 
appears on your display screen. A memory test message appears next; as 
the test continues, memory size increases until all installed memory is 
tested. Normally, the only test routine visible on the screen will be the 
memory test. 
Two classifications of malfunctions can be detected during the POST: 
•  Error messages that indicate a failure with either the hardware, the 
software, or the Basic Input/Output System (BIOS). These critical 
malfunctions prevent the computer from operating at all or could 
cause incorrect and apparent results. An example of a critical error 
is microprocessor malfunction. 
•  Messages that furnish important information on the power-on and 
boot processes (such as memory status). These non-critical 
malfunctions are those that cause incorrect results that may not be 
readily apparent. An example of a non-critical error would be a 
memory chip failure. 
In general, if the POST detects a system board failure (a critical error), 
the computer halts and generates a series of beeps. If failure is detected in 
an area other than the system board (such as the display, keyboard, or an 
adapter card) an error message is displayed on the screen and testing is 
stopped. It is important to remember that the POST does not test all areas 
of the computer, only those that allow it to be operational enough to run 
diagnostic programs.  
If your system does not successfully complete the POST, but displays a 
blank screen, emits a series of beeps, or displays an error code, consult 
your dealer. 
General Hardware Problems  
A few common hardware problems and suggested solutions are presented 
in the table below: 
Problem:  The capacity of the battery is between 95 to 99% but 
can not fully charged. 
77

--- Page 86 ---
Solution: 
Problem: 
Solution: 
Problem: 
Solution: 
Problem: 
Solution: 
Problem: 
Solution: 
Problem: 
Solution: 
Problem: 
Solution: 
Problem: 
Solution: 
Please discharged to less than 95% of its capacity 
then recharge the battery. 
Failure in the installation of the Audio driver. 
Be sure to first remove the current audio device from 
your system. Please follow the instruction on the installation of 
audio driver. 
The display screen is dark 
Make sure that the computer is not in Suspend mode. 
Check the Brightness controls for the screen.  If the controls are 
turned too far down, the screen will be dark. 
An incorrect date and time are displayed. 
Correct the date and time using the DOS DATE and 
TIME commands or the options in the Setup Utility.  If the date and 
time become incorrect after a short time, your CMOS battery may 
be depleted.  Contact your dealer to change the battery. 
You hear irregular beeps during operation of the 
Notebook and the system halts. 
The problem is beyond the scope of this manual.  
Contact technical support. 
An unidentified message is displayed. 
Reboot the computer and run the BIOS system setup.  
Confirm the Setup parameters.  If the same message is displayed 
after booting up again, contact technical support for assistance. 
The system cannot access the DVD-ROM drive. 
Check that a CD is properly inserted in the drive.  
Make sure that you are using the correct program for that kind of 
CD.  For example, the system cannot read a data CD using an 
audio program. 
You cannot operate the printer. 
Check the printer USB cable connection.  Ensure that 
the printer power switch is turned on.  Confirm that the printer is 
on-line. 
78

--- Page 87 ---
Problem: 
Solution: 
Problem: 
Solution: 
Problem: 
Solution: 
You can’t save data to disk. 
Ensure that the disk has been formatted.   
Consult your operating system manual for information on 
formatting floppy diskettes.   
You cannot use the mouse. 
Check the cable connection. 
 
Check the mouse with another application to see if there is a 
software incompatibility problem. 
 
If possible, check the mouse with another computer to see if it 
works.  If it doesn’t operate on a different system, the mouse might 
be broken. 
The fan does not stop operating when the system 
enters the suspend mode.     
 
Before entering the suspend mode, the fan still 
operates in full speed to lower down the temperature of the system.  
When the system temperature reduces into normal condition then 
the fan will gradually slow down into its normal speed. 
Contacting Your Dealer 
If you still have a problem after reading the preceding sections, the next 
step is to contact your dealer.  Your dealer can determine if the problem is 
something that requires the computer to be taken to the shop. Before you 
call your dealer, however, prepare the following information: 
•  How is your computer configured? Your dealer needs to know what 
peripheral devices you are using. 
•  What messages, if any, are on the screen? 
•  What software were you running at the time? 
•  What have you done already to try to solve the problem? If you 
have overlooked a step, your dealer may be able to solve the 
problem over the phone. 
 
 
 
79

--- Page 88 ---
Page intentionally left blank   
80

--- Page 89 ---
HOW DO I EXPAND MY 
 NOTEBOOK 
Upgrading your Memory 
Refer to the following instructions and illustration for information on 
upgrading your notebook's memory. 
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
Turn off the computer and disconnect the AC adapter and all 
peripherals. 
Open your computer and locate on the 4 grip of the keyboard 
attaching to the slot.  Use any card to release the keyboard by 
inserting on the 4 grip attaching the keyboard.   
Turn over the keyboard and locate for the RAM module 
compartment. 
If you need to install a higher capacity module, gently push the edge 
clips on both sides to release the module.   
Angle the card slightly upward and gently slide it from its edge 
connector slot.  Store the card in the anti-static bag that contains your 
new module(s). 
 
81

--- Page 90 ---
6. 
7. 
8. 
To install the new memory card, hold the card with its gold edge 
connector toward the edge connector slot of the compartment.  To 
help you orient the cards, the edge connector has been made with 
two unequal-length sections.  You will only be able to insert the card 
in one direction. 
Insert the edge connector into the slot.  The gold edge connector of 
the card should not be visible when the card is fully inserted. 
Press the card downward where you should hear an audible click as 
the latches of the connector secure the card in place. 
Easy to Upgrade HDD Module 
The hard drive in your notebook computer is made to be easily swapped 
out for upgrading.  You should back up your hard drive before attempting 
o change the hard drive.  Make sure that before you install a new drive, 
all the files in your system should be backed up. 
 This system provides you with two hard drive slots 
if your system supports RAID function. If your system does 
not support the RAID function, the upper space is reserve for 
the Card Reader.   
How to Remove your Hard Drive 
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
6. 
Power down the system completely.  Turn the system over with the 
front of the unit facing you. 
Remove the two screws that secure the compartment cover and set 
them in a safe place. 
Slide the HDD cover away from the compartment. 
The drive is attached to a special bracket that secures it to the 
notebook computer.      
Push the HDD slightly in the direction of the arrow as shown in the 
illustration to release it from the pins of the drive. 
Gently hold the grip of the HDD, lift it up to release from its 
compartment. 
82

--- Page 91 ---
How to install your New Hard Drive 
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
You will need to align the tabs on the drive bracket with the slots on 
the bay.   
Press down gently on the drive bracket until it engages with the 
system.  Do not force the drive into place this can bend the pins on 
the hard drive. 
Slide the compartment cover into place and be sure the screw holes 
on the cover align completely with the screw holes in the case. 
Secure the cover with the two screws. 
If your system supports RAID 
As mention on previous Chapter on RAID setting, the RAID provide the 
use of one or more drives in combination for to respond for unexpected 
hardware or software failure and performance. 
Repeat the steps mentioned on the topics of “How to Remove your Hard 
Drive” and “How to Install your New Hard Drive”.  Remove the hard 
drive one after the other to complete the procedures. 
83

--- Page 92 ---
If your System supports CardReader (Optional) 
Another option if your system supports a 6-in-1 card reader module that is 
swappable with the 2
nd
 HDD.  
 
CPU Upgrade 
To upgrade your CPU, follow the procedures below: 
1. 
2. 
Turn the notebook over so that the rear ports are facing you.  Locate 
for the expansion compartment.   
Unscrew and remove the cover of the CPU compartment. 
84

--- Page 93 ---
3. 
4. 
5. 
6. 
Remove all the screws attached to the heatsink. 
Before removing the screws, there are certain measures to followed 
in removing the heatsink 
To remove the heatsink, first loosen the screw carefully.   
After loosening one screw, be certain that the next to be loosen 
should be the screw on its adjacent side as shown on the illustration. 
 Be sure to loosen all the screws first before 
removing it totally to release the heatsink.  Failure to do so 
will cause a major damage to the heatsink. 
7.  Now you can totally remove all the screws also in that order when 
you first loosen the screw. 
 
 
 
85

--- Page 94 ---
Page intentionally left blank   
86

--- Page 95 ---
SPECIFICATION 
 
Detailed Notebook Specifications 
CPU 
•  Intel P4 Northwood series 2.4G/2.6G/2.8G/3.0G/3.2G CPU, 
512KB L2 cache on die, CPU front-side bus (FSB) 800 MHz, 
supports Hyper-Threading Technology 
•  Intel P4 Prescott series 2.8G/3.0G/3.2G CPU, 1 MB L2 cache on 
die, CPU front-side bus (FSB) 800 MHz, supports Hyper-
Threading Technology 
•  Mobile Intel P4 Northwood series up to 3.06G CPU, 512KB L2 
cache on die, CPU front-side bus (FSB) 533 MHz, supports Hyper-
Threading Technology 
•  Mobile Intel P4 Prescott series above 2.8G CPU, 1 MB L2 cache 
on die, CPU front-side bus (FSB) 533 MHz, supports Hyper-
Threading Technology 
•  478 pins mPGA478 socket 
Core Logic 
•  SiS 648FX + SiS 963 
•  PC2001 Compliance 
•  Supports Intel Pentium 4 series CPU w/ data transfer rate up to 800 
MHz 
•  64 Bit high performance DDR400/ DDR333/ DDR266 memory 
controller 
•  Integrated A.G.P. Compliant Target / 66Mhz Host-to-PCI Bridge: 
•  4X/ 8X AGP bus interface/ Universal AGP v3.0 compliant 
•  PCI version 2.2 specification compliance 
87

--- Page 96 ---
•  USB 1.1/2.0 host controller 
•  Dual IDE Master/ Slave Controller 
•  Integrated Fast Ethernet MAC controller 
•  Integrated Audio controller w/ AC97 interface: AC97 v2.2 
compliance 
•  Integrated IEEE 1394a host controller 
•  Advanced Power Management: meets ACPI v1.0b requirement, 
meets APM 1.2 requirement 
•  Integrated DMA Controller 
•  Integrated Interrupt Controller 
•  Integrated Keyboard Controller: supports PS/2 Mouse interface 
•  Integrated PCI to LPC bridge: LPC 1.0 Compliance 
Memory 
Main Memory 
•  2 expandable memory slot up to 1GB with 512Mb technology 
•  128/256/512 MB memory module options 
•  Two 200pin DDR SODIMM type memory slots 
•  2.5V DDR SDRAM module 
ROM 
•  512KB Flash ROM 
•  Boot block protection  
Mass Storage 
HDD 
•  Supports Disk Array function, RAID 0 or RAID 1 (Factory Option) 
•  Supports Enhanced IDE (PIO mode 4) and bus master (Ultra DMA 
33/66/100 mode) 
•  Easily upgradeable 2.5” 9.5mm HDD 
Module Bay 
•  Supports DVD-ROM/ Combo Drive/ DVD+/-RW / DVD Dual; 
5.25” 12.7mm height 
•  Fast IDE and ATAPI interface DVD-ROM/ Combo Drive/ DVD+/-
88

--- Page 97 ---
RW 
Disk Array (Factory Option) 
Controller 
•  Promise PDC20265R Bus Mastering Ultra DMA PCI—
ATA/ATAPI Controller 
Features 
•  Supports RAID 0 or RAID 1 
•  Single chip ATA/ATAPI controller implementation for easy 
integration 
•  Bus mastering design takes full advantage of multi-tasking, multi-
threading operating systems and greatly improves performance 
•  Provides scatter/gather DMA mechanism that complies with 
Revision 1.0 of the Programming Interface for Bus Master IDE 
Controller 
•  Scatter/Gather mechanism supports both DMA and PIO IDE drives 
and ATAPI devices. Allows byte-boundary memory region during 
Bus Master DMA transfers which benefits operating systems or 
applications, which has odd byte boundary memory transfers 
•  Dual independent data paths with read ahead and write posting for 
each channel supported for dual IDE channels to balanced bus 
loading and optimal performance 
•  Supports flash memory interface for easy to update of BIOS 
•  Provides PCI Power Management 1.0 capability 
Card Reader (Factory Option) 
Controller 
•  C-Media CM-120 USB 6-in-1 combo card reader 
Features 
•  6-in-1 card reader with 4 sockets 
•  USB 2.0 full speed 
•  Compliant with USB storage device class specification 
•  Compliant with USB HID device specification v1.0 
•  Fixed USB full speed mode 12Mbits/s 
89

--- Page 98 ---
•  USB bus power and self power capability. Lower power 
consumption. 
•  Internal PLL, only takes 12MHz crystal to provide 48MHz 
frequency. 
Supports Compact Flash card (CF), Microdrive card 
(MD), Smart Media card (SM), Multi Media card 
(MMC), Secure Digital card (SD), and Memory Stick 
card (MS) interfaces 
 
Pointing Devices 
•  Synaptics TouchPad 
Keyboard 
•  US/Europe, DOS/V keyboard for Japan, full size keyboard alike 
pitch 
•  300 mm keyboard with key stroke 3.0mm 
•  Twelve function keys and Windows Function key 
•  Internal keyboard works a standard 101/102 desktop keyboard 
Audio 
Controller 
•  Built-in chipset 
Codec 
•  C-media 9761 
Features 
•  Built-in high quality 2.1 channels speaker system, with 5 drivers 
(high frequency*2, median frequency*2 and subwoofer *1) 
•  Add Jack-sense capability 
•  Full duplex 6 channels DAC/2 channels ADC 
•  Supports S/PDIF output 
•  AC’97 2.3 & PC2001 compliant 
Audio DJ 
•  Controller: O2 OZ168 Audio DJ 
•  Ability to play music CD without powering on the system 
90

--- Page 99 ---
•  Ability to play DVD/Music when powering on the system 
•  Operation keys: (Play/Pause, FF, RW, Stop, Volume Up, Volume 
Down) 
Communication 
Gigabit Lan (Factory Option) 
•  Controller: Marvell 8001 Integrated Gigabit Ethernet Controller 
•  Supports PCI 2.2, 32bit, 33/66 MHz 
•  Wake-on-LAN and remote wake-up support 
Mini PCI WLAN (Factory Option) 
•  Built-in wireless LAN Antenna 
•  Switch to turn on/off the RF 
•  Three optional WLAN modules: 802.11b or 802.11g or 802.11b + 
modem combo card 
Modem 
•  Built-in MDC V.90 56K Fax/Modem 
TV Tuner Module 
•  Mini PCI Type3B Interface TV tuner with coaxial connector 
•  Philips mini tuner with Philips Video/Audio decoder SAA7135 
•  Supports NTSC, PAL/SECAM 
•  Adopt software MPEG2 solution by using InterVideo WinDVR 
software application. 
•  Supports capture function to record the TV programs into HDD 
•  Multi-function remote control to enjoy TV programs 
Remote Control (Factory Option) 
•  Allow turn on/off system in a distance (Only in AC mode) 
•  Friendly user interface to enjoy AV function, includes TV, DVD 
and Music/Audio DJ 
•  Four modes function keys to enjoy the AV function 
TV mode: For watching the TV show and even capture, 
instant replay or pause a TV program 
 
91

--- Page 100 ---
DVD mode: For playing the DVD with high-quality 
picture and supporting the time stretching 
 
 
 
Music mode: For enjoying the music and lets you can 
record, store and organize your music collection 
AudioDJ mode: For enjoying the music from Audio DJ 
without power on the system 
I / O Ports 
Standard Ports 
•  One S-video TV out port for TV 
•  One DC input port for External AC adapter (2-pin DC jack) 
•  One Type II PCMCIA Card Socket 
•  One video port for external analog VGA monitor (15-pin female D-
connector) 
•  USB 2.0 port x 4 
•  MIC-in,  
•  Headphone jack w/ adaptor for 5.1 channel SP/DIF support 
•  Audio jack x 3, supports 6 channels surround sound output 
•  RJ-11 jack for Fax/Modem: MDC 56K FAX/Modem 
•  RJ-45 jack for LAN: On board 10/100/1000 Gigabit LAN chip 
•  IEEE 1394a mini-jack 
•  IR Receiver for remote control 
•  Antenna connector (75 ohm) for TV in 
•  Fiber optic transmitting connector 
•  One connector for MCE IR blaster box (optional) 
PCMCIA 
•  Controller: ENE CB1410 
•  Supports 1 PC Card/CardBus slot 
•  Supports 16-bit & CardBus PC Cards, PCI rev. 2.2 and PC Card 
Standard Release 7.0 compliant 
IEEE 1394a 
•  Controller: SiS963+Realtek 8801B PHY 
•  Data transfer rate: 100/200/400 Mbps 
92

--- Page 101 ---
Graphic and Video 
Controller 
•  ATI Mobility M11-P, 708-pin BGA package 
Features 
•  3D Acceleration Feature: four parallel 3D rendering pipelines/ full 
DirectX9 Pixel Shader 2.0 support 
•  Dual Display: Dual independent display (LCD/DVI, DVI/CRT, 
LCD/TV, CRT/TV, etc), integrated TV encoder w/ on-chip triple 
DAC 
•  Digital Display support: supports flat panel displays via DVI/ fixed 
resolution from VGA to wide UXGA; integrated LVDS transmitter 
and TMDS transmitter 
•  Comprehensive AGP support: AGP3.0 mode (4X and 8X 
operation), AGP2.0 mode (1.5V signaling only) 
•  PCI 2.3 compliance (using AGP electrical interface) 
Graphic Memory 
•  Discrete 128MB DDR RAM (Flexible graphics memory 
configuration: 16MB up to 128MB DDR SGRAM or SDRAM) 
Power Management 
•  Full ACPI 1.0b, OnNow; IAPC power management; PCI bus power 
management 1.1 and AGP Busy and Stop signals Rev. 1.61 and 
Solano 2-M 
LCD Display 
•  Supports 17” WXGA LCD (1440*900)   
Electrical  
AC Adapter 
•  External universal type AC adapter, output maximum 150W 
Smart Battery 
•  12 x 2400mAh Lithium-Ion battery pack @ 106whr  
•  User interchangeable 
93

--- Page 102 ---
•  Removable and rechargeable 
•  Charging time for one battery pack: 3.5 hours to full charge when 
system off or in suspend 
•  More than 2.0 hours battery lifetime under Ziff-Davis Inc. 
BatteryMark 4.01 Test with Intel 478 pin Northwood 2.4GHz CPU 
and 17” XTFT LCD installed at 25
o
C 
Dimensions 
•  Weight: 4.5 Kg 
•  Size: 397.0 x 285.0 x 39.0/44.0 mm  
Options 
•  Mini PCI WLAN 802.11b/802.11g (Built-in wireless LAN antenna) 
or 802.11b combo card (modem + WLAN) 
•  2
nd
 HDD or 6 in 1 Card Reader 
•  Memory Extension Card 
•  Module bay: DVD-ROM/Combo (DVD-ROM+CD-RW) Drive, 
DVD+/-RW 
•  Spare Li-Ion Battery Pack 
Accessories 
•  User‘s Manual & Driver CD title 
•  AC Adapter 
•  Power Cord  
•  Remote Controller for AV function (Option) 
Software Specifications 
System BIOS 
•  AMI BIOS 
VGA BIOS 
•  ATI M11 VGA BIOS 
Operating system 
•  Optional Windows XP RTM or above version 
94

--- Page 103 ---
95 
Device Drivers and Utilities 
•  VGA driver,  
•  Audio driver,  
•  Touch-Pad driver,  
•  Modem driver,  
•  LAN driver,  
•  WLAN driver,  
•  RAID driver,  
•  Card reader driver,  
•  AV function applications

