Brand: ACER
Model: Aspire Go 15
URL: https://www.manua.ls/acer/aspire-go-15/manual
Total Pages: 81
============================================================

--- Page 2 ---
2 - 
© 2024. All Rights Reserved.
Aspire Go 15
Covers: AG15-21P
This revision: October 2024
Important
This manual contains proprietary information that is protected by 
copyright laws. The information contained in this manual is subject to 
change without notice. Some features described in this manual may not 
be supported depending on the Operating System version. Images 
provided herein are for reference only and may contain information or 
features that do not apply to your computer. Acer Group shall not be 
liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained in this 
manual.
ENVIRONMENT
Temperature:
- Operating: 5 °C to 35 °C
- Storage: -20 °C to 60 °C
Humidity (non-condensing):
- Operating: 20% to 80%
- Storage: 20% to 60%
The terms HDMI and HDMI High-Definition Multimedia Interface, and the HDMI Logo are trademarks or 
registered trademarks of HDMI Licensing Administrator, Inc. in the United States and other countries.

--- Page 3 ---
Table of contents - 3
TABLE OF CONTENTS
First things first  5
Your guides .............................................  5
Basic care and tips for using your 
computer..................................................  5
Turning your computer off........................... 5
Taking care of your computer ..................... 6
Taking care of your AC adapter .................. 7
Cleaning and servicing................................ 7
Guidelines for safe battery usage ............... 8
Internal battery.......................................  10
Your Acer notebook tour  11
Screen view ...........................................  11
Keyboard view  ......................................  12
Left view ................................................  13
USB Type-A information ........................... 13
USB Type-C information ........................... 13
Right view  .............................................  14
Base view ..............................................  15
Using the keyboard  16
Lock keys...............................................  16
Special keys ..........................................  16
Hotkeys..................................................  17
The Windows OS Desktop  18
Tips and hints for using Windows..........  19
Where are my apps?................................. 19
Can I turn off notifications? ....................... 19
How do I check for Windows updates?..... 20
Where can I get more information?........... 20
Using the Precision Touchpad  21
Touchpad gestures................................  21
Changing touchpad settings ..................  23
Recovery  24
Creating a file history backup ................  24
Restoring your computer .......................  26
Reset this PC and keep my files ............... 26
Reset this PC and remove everything ...... 29
Using a Bluetooth connection  32
Enabling and disabling Bluetooth ..........  32
Enable Bluetooth and add a device .......... 32
Connecting to the Internet  34
Connecting to a wireless network..........  34
Connecting to a wireless LAN................... 34
AcerSense  38
The AcerSense main screen .................  38
Widget card ...........................................  39
AcerSense settings................................  39
Account and Support .............................  40
Checkup.................................................  41
Personal Settings...................................  43
App Center.............................................  46
Experience Zone....................................  47
Securing your computer  49
Using a computer security lock..............  49
Using passwords ...................................  49
Entering passwords .................................. 50
Fingerprint Reader  51
How to use the fingerprint reader ..........  51
BIOS utility  55
Boot sequence.......................................  55
Setting passwords .................................  55
Power management  56
Saving power .........................................  56
Battery pack  58
Battery characteristics ...........................  58
Charging the battery ................................. 58
Optimizing battery life ............................... 59
Checking the battery level......................... 60
Battery-low warning .................................. 60
Traveling with your computer  61
Disconnecting from the desktop ............  61
Moving around .......................................  61
What to bring............................................. 62
Universal Serial Bus (USB)  64
USB Type-C port  65
Video and audio connectors  66
Connecting a monitor.............................  66
Headphones and microphone................  66
HDMI  67
Frequently asked questions  69
Requesting service ................................  71
Troubleshooting .....................................  72
Troubleshooting tips.................................. 72
Error messages......................................... 72
Internet and online security  74
First steps on the net .............................  74
Protecting your computer.......................... 74
Choose an Internet Service Provider........ 74
Network connections................................. 76
Surf the Net!.............................................. 77
Internet security software.......................... 77

--- Page 4 ---
Getting started...
In this section you will find:
• Useful information on caring for your computer and your health
• Where to find the power button, ports and connectors
• Windows 11 interface overview
• Tips and tricks for using the touchpad and keyboard
• How to create recovery backups
• Guidelines for connecting to a network and using Bluetooth
• Information on using Acer’s bundled software

--- Page 5 ---
First things first - 5
FIRST THINGS FIRST
We would like to thank you for making this Acer notebook your choice 
for meeting your mobile computing needs.
Your guides
To help you use your Acer notebook, we have designed a set of 
guides:
First off, the Setup Guide helps you get started with setting up your 
computer.
For more on how your computer can help you to be more productive, 
please refer to the User’s Manual.  This guide contains detailed 
information on such subjects as system utilities, data recovery, 
expansion options and troubleshooting.
Once you have connected to the internet, you can download updates 
for your computer from: 
http://go.acer.com/support 
1. The link will open the Acer Support webpage.
2. Scroll down to Drivers and Manuals and search for your model by 
pasting in or manually entering the serial number, SNID, or 
product model.
3. From this page you can also download and install the Acer 
identification utility that will automatically detect your computer’s 
serial number and SNID and allow you to copy it to the clipboard.
4. Once you have found your product model, any updates, or 
documents will be listed.
Basic care and tips for using your computer
Turning your computer off
To turn the power off, do any of the following:
• Use the Windows shutdown command: Press the Windows key or 
select the Windows Start button, select Power > Shut down.

--- Page 6 ---
6 - First things first
• Right-click the Windows Start button > Shut down or sign out > 
Shut down.
If you need to power down the computer for a short while, but don’t 
want to completely shut it down, you can put it to Sleep by doing any 
of the following:
• Press the power button.
• Press the sleep hotkey.
• Press the Windows key or select the Windows Start button, select 
Power > Sleep.
• Right-click the Windows Start button > Shut down or sign out > 
Sleep.
Taking care of your computer
Your computer will serve you well if you take care of it.
• Only use the adapter provided with your device, or an Acer-
approved adapter to power your device.
• Do not expose the computer to direct sunlight. Do not place it near 
sources of heat, such as a radiator.
• Do not expose the computer to temperatures below 0º C (32º F) or 
above 50º C (122º F).
• Do not subject the computer to magnetic fields.
• Do not expose the computer to rain or moisture.
• Do not spill water or any liquid on the computer.
• Do not subject the computer to heavy shock or vibration.
• Do not expose the computer to dust or dirt.
• Never place objects on top of the computer.
• Do not slam the computer display when you close it.
• Never place the computer on uneven surfaces.
Note
If you cannot power off the computer normally, press and hold the power 
button for up to ten seconds to shut down the computer. If you turn off the 
computer and want to turn it on again, wait at least two seconds before 
powering up.

--- Page 7 ---
First things first - 7
Taking care of your AC adapter
Here are some ways to take care of your AC adapter:
• Do not connect the adapter to any other device.
• Do not step on the power cord or place heavy objects on top of it. 
Route the power cord and any cables away from where people walk.
• When unplugging the power cord, do not pull on the cord itself but 
pull on the plug.
• The total ampere ratings of the equipment plugged in should not 
exceed the ampere rating of the cord if you are using an extension 
cord. Also, the total current rating of all equipment plugged into a 
single wall outlet should not exceed the fuse rating.
Cleaning and servicing
When cleaning the computer, follow these steps:
1. Turn off the computer.
2. Disconnect the AC adapter.
3. Use a soft, moist cloth. Do not use liquid or aerosol cleaners.
If your computer is dropped or visibly damaged, or does not work 
normally, please contact your nearest authorized Acer service center.

--- Page 8 ---
8 - First things first
Guidelines for safe battery usage
Precautions when charging batteries
The useful lifespan of a battery is adversely affected by the following 
behavior:
• Constantly charging the battery/device when already at full capacity.
• Charging the battery/device at temperatures above 35 °C (95 °F) or 
below 0 °C (32 °F).
To prevent damage, follow these precautions:
• Stop charging the battery once it reaches 100% capacity; regularly 
or frequently charging a fully charged battery for an extended period 
of time may cause battery deformation or damage. We recommend 
that you recharge the device when the battery level drops below 
70% capacity.
• Do not charge battery in temperatures above 35 °C (95 °F) or below  
0 °C (32 °F).  Charging in abnormally high or abnormally low 
temperatures can cause battery deformation or damage.
• The charging port must be clean and free from debris and should 
only be used with Acer charging equipment. Use of a non-Acer 
battery or charging equipment can cause damage to the product 
and will void the warranty.
• If you plan to store the device for a long period of time, turn-off the 
device, remove AC power and store the product at room 
temperature  (0 °C - 35 °C) in a dry (humidity: 45% - 80%), well-
ventilated area. Avoid direct sunlight, high temperatures and high 
humidity. Do not leave your device’s battery completely discharged 
for a long period of time; this may cause battery deformation or 
damage. We recommend that the battery is checked and charged to 
approximately 50% capacity every 6 months.
Warning
When using a charging cart or a small space to simultaneously charge 
or operate multiple devices , the area must be well- ventilated and the 
temperature kept between 0 °C (32 °F) to 35 °C (95 °F) and battery 
charging must be stopped when 100% capacity is reached.  
Continuous charging can cause deformation or damage to the battery/
device.

--- Page 9 ---
First things first - 9
• ONLY CHARGE THE BATTERY IN A CLEAN, WELL VENTILATED 
AREA.
Precautions when replacing the battery
Improper replacement or mishandling could damage the battery, 
cause overheating, result in injury, and risk fire or explosion. 
• Device with built-in battery: A built-in battery must be replaced by an 
authorized service center. Do not attempt to replace or remove the 
battery by yourself.
• Device with removable battery: The battery should only be replaced 
with parts approved by Acer. Do not replace the battery with any 
parts other than approved ones.
This notebook uses a Lithium-based battery. Do not use it in a humid, 
wet or corrosive environment. Do not put, store or leave your product 
in or near a heat source, in a high temperature location, in strong 
direct sunlight, in a microwave oven or in a pressurized container, and 
do not expose it to temperatures over 50 °C (122 °F).
Failure to follow these guidelines may cause the battery to leak acid, 
become hot, explode or ignite and cause injury and/or damage. Do 
not pierce, open or disassemble the battery. If the battery leaks and 
you come into contact with the leaked fluids, rinse thoroughly with 
water and seek medical attention immediately. For safety reasons, 
and to prolong the lifetime of the battery, charging will must not occur 
at temperatures below 0 °C (32 °F) or above 35 °C (95 °F).
The full performance of a new battery is achieved only after two or 
three complete charge and discharge cycles. The battery can be 
charged and discharged hundreds of times, but it will eventually wear 
out. When the operation time becomes noticeably shorter than 
normal, check an authorized reseller to purchase a new battery.
Warning
Batteries may explode if not handled properly. 
Do not disassemble or dispose of batteries in fire.  
Do not short external contacts, crush, puncture or otherwise tamper 
with batteries. Keep batteries away from children.  
Follow local regulations when disposing of used batteries.

--- Page 10 ---
10 - First things first
Use the battery only for its intended purpose. Never use any charger 
or battery that is damaged. Do not short-circuit the battery. Accidental 
short-circuiting can occur when a metallic object such as a coin, clip or 
pen causes direct connection of the positive (+) and negative (-) 
terminals of the battery. (These look like metal strips on the battery.) 
This might happen, for example, when you carry a spare battery in 
your pocket or purse. Short-circuiting the terminals may damage the 
battery or the connecting object.
The capacity and lifetime of the battery will be reduced if the battery is 
left in hot or cold places, such as in a closed car in summer or winter. 
Always try to keep the battery between 15
° C and 25° C (59° F and 
77
° F). A device with a hot or cold battery may not work temporarily, 
even when the battery is fully charged. Battery performance is 
especially limited in temperatures well below freezing.
Do not dispose of batteries in a fire as they may explode. Batteries 
may also explode if damaged. Dispose of batteries according to local 
regulations. Please recycle when possible. Do not dispose as 
household waste.
Wireless devices may be susceptible to interference from the battery, 
which could affect performance.
Internal battery
• Do not attempt to replace a built-in rechargeable battery, battery 
replacement must be done by an Acer- authorized repair facility.
• Recharge the battery by following the instruction included in the 
product documentation.
Note
Please refer to www.acer.com for battery shipping documents.

--- Page 11 ---
Your Acer notebook tour - 11
YOUR ACER NOTEBOOK TOUR
After setting up your computer as illustrated in the Setup Guide, let us 
show you around your new Acer computer.
Screen view
2
3
1
# Icon Item Description
1 Microphones
Internal digital microphone for sound 
recording.
2 Camera
Camera for video communication or 
t
aking photos. 
A light next to the camera indicates 
tha
t the camera is active.
3 Screen
Displays computer output, supports 
tou
ch or non-touch option.

--- Page 12 ---
12 - Your Acer notebook tour
Keyboard view 
3
2
1
4
5
# Icon Item Description
1 Keyboard
For entering data into your computer.
See "Using the keyboard" on page 
16.
2
Fingerprint 
read
er 
Fingerprint reader for Windows Hello 
an
d security.
Function varies depending on 
config
uration.
3 Touchpad
Touch-sensitive pointing device.
The touchpad and selection buttons 
for
m a single surface. 
 
Press down firmly on the touchpad 
surface to perform a left click. 
 
Press down firmly on the lower right 
corner to perform a right click.
4
Power button   Turns the computer on and off.
5
AcerSense key Launches AcerSense application.
Note
Copilot key  : Feature availability varies by market, see 
 
aka.ms/WindowsAlFeatures

--- Page 13 ---
Your Acer notebook tour - 13
Left view
123
# Icon Item Description
1
USB Type-C 
port with DC-in
Connects to the provided USB Type-C 
power ada
pter and to USB devices with 
a USB Type-C connector.  
Supports DisplayPort™ over USB-C™.
2
HDMI port
Supports high-definition digital video 
con
nections.
3
USB port Connects to USB devices.
USB Type-A information
• USB 3.2 Gen 1 compatible port(s): blue.
• Compatible with USB 3.2 Gen 1 and earlier devices. 
• For optimal performance, use USB 3.2 Gen 1-certified devices.
• Defined by the USB 3.2 Gen 1 specification (SuperSpeed USB).
USB Type-C information
• USB 3.2 Gen 2 with transfer speeds up to 10 Gbps.
• Supports DisplayPort™ audio/video output.
• Delivers up to 3 A at 5 V DC for USB charging.
• DC-in: requires power adapter or power source providing 45 W at 
19 V. 
For optimal performance, please use a certified Acer power adapter 
or USB Power Delivery device.

--- Page 14 ---
14 - Your Acer notebook tour
Right view
123 4
 
# Icon Item Description
1
Power indicator
Indicates the computer’s power 
st
atus.
Battery indicator
Indicates the computer’s battery 
st
atus.
Charging: The light shows ambe
r 
when the battery is charging.
Fully charged: The light 
shows blue 
when in AC mode.
2
Headset/speaker 
jack
Connects to audio devices (e.g., 
speakers, 
headphones) or a headset 
with microphone.
3
USB port Connects to USB devices.
4
Kensington lock 
slot
Connects to a Kensington-compatible 
security lock.

--- Page 15 ---
Your Acer notebook tour - 15
Base view
1
2
3
# Icon Item Description
1
Ventilation and 
cooling fan
Allows the computer to stay cool.
Do not cover or obstruct the 
op
enings.
2
Battery reset 
pinhole
Simulates removing and reinstalling 
the
 battery.
Insert a paperclip into the hole and 
pre
ss for four seconds.
3 Speakers Deliver stereo audio output.

--- Page 16 ---
16 - Using the keyboard
USING THE KEYBOARD
The keyboard has full-sized keys, a numeric keypad, separate cursor, 
lock, Windows, special keys and hotkeys.
Lock keys
The keyboard has lock keys which you can use to turn keyboard 
functions on and off.
Special keys
Your computer’s keyboard includes keys that activate special 
functions. The function of each key is clearly marked with an icon.
Lock key Description
Caps Lock
When Caps Lock is on, all alphabetic characters 
typed are in uppercase.
Num Lock
When Num Lock is on, the keypad is in numeric 
mode. The keys function as a calculator (complete 
with the arithmetic operators +, -, *, and /). Use this 
mode when you need to do a lot of numeric data 
entry.
Icon Function Description
Speaker toggle Turns the speakers on and off.
Volume down Decreases the sound volume.
Volume up Increases the sound volume.
Microphone 
toggle
Turns the microphones on and off.
Brightness down Decreases the screen brightness.
Brightness up Increases the screen brightness.
Display toggle
Switches display output between the 
display screen, external monitor (if 
connected) and both.

--- Page 17 ---
Using the keyboard - 17
Hotkeys
To activate hotkeys, press and hold the Fn key before pressing the 
other key in the hotkey combination.
Lock your 
computer
Locks your computer to secure your 
information. You can enter password to 
continue your work.
Flight mode
Turns on / off the computer's network 
devices.
Touchpad toggle Turns the built-in touchpad on and off.
Keyboard 
backlight control
Adjusts keyboard backlight brightness.
Function varies depending on 
configuration.
Snipping tool 
Snips a rectangle, freeform, window or full 
screen to your clipboard.
prt sc Print screen Take quick screen shots.
insert Insert Turns Insert on or off.
Icon Function Description
Hotkey Icon Description
Fn + F1-F12 Activates the F1 to F12 keys.
Note
To swap the hotkey and special function of the F1 to F12 keys, change the 
function key setting in the BIOS (to open the BIOS press F2 when starting 
your computer, then select the Main menu and change Function key 
behavior to Function keys).
 
(Specifications vary depending on model.)

--- Page 18 ---
18 - The Windows OS Desktop
THE WINDOWS OS DESKTOP 
 
1
234 7865
Note
Screen simulated, subject to change. Feature availability and rollout timing 
varies by market and device.
# Item Description
1 Settings Changes the apps settings for your computer.
2 Widgets
Provides the weather, news, stocks, and sports 
information.
3Start
Launches apps, through Pinned, 
Recommended, or All apps.
4Search
Types in the texts to search on your computer 
and the Internet.
5 Task View
Allows to switch between running applications 
and add the virtual desktop. 
6 Power Shut down, sleep or restart your computer.

--- Page 19 ---
The Windows OS Desktop - 19
Tips and hints for using Windows
We know this is a new operating system that will take some getting 
used to, so we've created a few pointers to help you get started.
Where are my apps?
Move your cursor to the lower center of the screen and click search 
icon, start typing the name of the app you would like to open.
How do I make an app appear on Start?
If you're in all apps list and you want to make an app appear on Start, 
right-click an app and select Pin to Start.
How do I remove an app from Start?
Right-click an app to select it and select Unpin from Start to remove 
the app from Start.
How do I make an app appear on my taskbar?
If you're in all apps list and you want to make an app appear on the 
taskbar, right-click an app and select More > Pin to taskbar.
Can I turn off notifications?
Press the Windows key or select the Windows Start button and select 
Settings > System > Notifications. From here you can enable/
disable notifications for all of your apps or choose which apps to 
enable/disable.
7 Quick settings
Displays the situation of network connection, 
battery level and sound setting. You can toggle 
quick actions to instantly adjust or open 
settings.
8 Notification Displays the notifications and calendar.
# Item Description

--- Page 20 ---
20 - The Windows OS Desktop
How do I check for Windows updates?
Press the Windows key or select the Windows Start button > Settings
>  Windows Update. Select Advanced options to configure the 
settings.
Where can I get more information?
For more information please visit the following pages:
• Windows 11 information: support.microsoft.com/Windows
• Support FAQs: support.acer.com

--- Page 21 ---
Using the Precision Touchpad - 21
USING THE PRECISION TOUCHPAD
The touchpad controls the arrow   (or 'cursor') on the screen. As you 
slide your finger across the touchpad, the cursor will follow this 
movement. The Precision Touchpad (PTP) is designed to provide a 
more uniform, smooth, and accurate touchpad experience. Many 
applications support precision touchpad gestures that use one or 
more fingers, however, some gestures may not be supported by the 
specific application or program you are using.
Touchpad gestures
Single-finger slide 
Slide a finger across the touchpad to move the cursor.
Single-finger press or tap 
Press the touchpad down, or lightly tap the touchpad with 
your finger, to perform a 'click', which will select or start an 
item. Quickly repeat the tap to perform a double tap or 
'double click'.
Two-finger press 
Lightly tap the touchpad with two fingers to perform a   
'right click'. In the St
art screen, this will toggle the app 
commands. In most apps this will open a context menu 
related to the selected item.
Two-finger slide 
Swiftly scroll through web pages, documents and playlists 
by placing two fingers on the touchpad and moving both in 
any direction.
Two-finger pinch 
Zoom in and out of photos, maps and documents with a 
simple finger-and-thumb gesture.

--- Page 22 ---
22 - Using the Precision Touchpad
The precision touchpad includes added technology features that help 
recognize and prevent unintentional gestures such as accidental taps, 
gestures, and pointer movement. 
Three-finger press 
Lightly tap the touchpad with three fingers to open the 
Search Windows.
Three-finger swipe 
Swipe across the touchpad with three fingers.
• Swipe up to open Task View. Move the cursor over a 
window and tap the touchpad to select that window, or 
swipe downwards to exit Task View.
• Swipe down to minimize all open windows and show 
Desktop; swipe upwards to restore the minimized 
windows.
• Swipe left or right to switch between open windows.
Four-finger press 
Lightly tap the touchpad with four fingers to open the 
Action Center.
Four-finger swipe 
Swipe across the touchpad with four fingers.
• Swipe up to open T
ask View. Move the cursor over a 
window and tap the touchpad to select that window, or 
swipe downwards to exit Task View.
• Swipe down to minimize all open windows and show 
Desktop; swipe upwards to restore the minimized 
windows.
Note
The touchpad is sensitive to finger movement; the lighter the touch, the better 
the response. Please keep the touchpad and your fingers dry and clean.

--- Page 23 ---
Using the Precision Touchpad - 23
Changing touchpad settings
To change the touchpad settings to suit your personal requirements, 
please do the following.
1. In the icon tray in the lower right-hand corner of the screen, select 
the  Network, Sound and Battery icon to open the Quick settings
pane.
2. Select All settings.
3. Select Bluetooth & devices > Touchpad
4. Now you can adjust the settings to suit your personal needs. You 
can switch off the touchpad if you prefer to use a mouse. Or you can 
adjust the touchpad sensitivity to suit your needs. Scroll down to see 
more settings.

--- Page 24 ---
24 - Recovery
RECOVERY
If you are having trouble with your computer, and the frequently asked 
questions (see Got a question? on page 68) do not help, you can 
recover your computer.
This section describes the recovery tools available on your computer. 
Using recovery tools can help you reset or refresh your PC, back up 
files/data, or create a factory default backup.
Creating a file history backup
Windows backup allows you to quickly and easily back up your files 
and restore them if the originals are lost, damaged or deleted.
1. Click on Settings  in the Start menu, select Accounts, and then           
select Windows backup.

--- Page 25 ---
Recovery - 25
2. Click  Manage sync settings for OneDrive folder syncing  t o         
continue.
3. Make sure the folders that you want to back up are selected and           
click Save changes to continue.

--- Page 26 ---
26 - Recovery
4. You can select View progress to watch files sync until it completes.
5. To open the OneDrive folder, double-click OneDrive  icon  in  the         
notification area.
Restoring your computer
Recovery allows you to quickly and easily restore your computer 
back to its default status. You can choose to keep your files or remove 
them before reinstalling Windows.
Reset this PC and keep my files
1. Click on Settings  in the Start menu, select System,  and  then           
select Recovery.
2. Click Reset PC to Choose an option.

--- Page 27 ---
Recovery - 27
3. Select Keep my files to refresh your PC and reinstall your operating 
system without removing your personal files.
4. Choose from the two options - Cloud download or Local reinstall
to reinstall Windows. (Ensure you are connected to the internet 
when using Cloud download.)
5. Click Change settings to open the Choose settings options.

--- Page 28 ---
28 - Recovery
6. Choose your settings options and follow the instructions on screen. 
Click Confirm then Next to continue.
7. Resetting the PC will reinstall Windows, change settings back to 
their factory defaults and remove all preinstalled apps and programs 
without removing your personal files. Click Reset to continue. This 
will take a while and your PC will restart. 
8. You will be shown the reset progress on the screen. The screen will 
turn off during the reset process.
9. The screen will turn back on when it is installing Windows. Your PC 
will restart several times during the reset process.
10.Follow the process until it completes.
11.When your PC has completed the reset process, Windows will 
have been reset back to its factory default settings without removing 
your personal files.
Important
If you have apps installed on your PC, they will be removed.

--- Page 29 ---
Recovery - 29
Reset this PC and remove everything
1. Click on Settings  in the Start menu, select System,  and  then           
select Recovery.
2. Click Reset PC to Choose an option. 
3. Select  Remove everything to reset your PC back to its factory 
default.

--- Page 30 ---
30 - Recovery
4. Choose from the two options - Cloud download or Local reinstall
to reinstall Windows. (Ensure you are connected to the internet 
when using Cloud download.)
5. Click Change settings to open the Choose settings options.
6. Choose your settings options and follow the instructions on screen. 
Click Confirm then Next to continue.

--- Page 31 ---
Recovery - 31
7. Click Reset to continue. 
8. You will be shown the reset progress on the screen. The screen will 
turn off during the reset process.
9. The screen will turn back on when it is installing Windows. Your PC 
will restart several times during the reset process.
10.Follow the process until it completes.
11.When your PC has completed the reset process, Windows will use 
factory default settings.

--- Page 32 ---
32 - Using a Bluetooth connection
USING A BLUETOOTH CONNECTION
Bluetooth is a technology enabling you to transfer data wirelessly over 
short distances between many different types of devices. Bluetooth-
enabled devices include computers, cell phones, tablets, wireless 
headsets, and keyboards.
To use Bluetooth, you must ensure the following:
1. Bluetooth is enabled on both devices.
2. Your devices are "paired" (or connected).
Enabling and disabling Bluetooth
The Bluetooth adapter must be enabled on both devices. For your 
computer, this may be an external switch, a software setting, or a 
separate Bluetooth dongle plugged into the computer’s USB port (if no 
internal Bluetooth adapter is available).
Enable Bluetooth and add a device
Every new device must first be "paired" with your computer’s 
Bluetooth adapter. This means it must first be authenticated for 
security purposes. You only need to pair once. After that, simply 
turning on the Bluetooth adapter of both devices will connect them.
Bluetooth on your computer is disabled by default. To enable your 
computer’s Bluetooth adapter, do the following:
1. Press the Windows key or select the Windows Start button > 
Settings > Bluetooth & devices, and click the toggle under 
Bluetooth to enable/disable it.
2. Click on Add device then select the device that you want to add.
3. Your computer will automatically start searching for devices, as well 
as make itself visible to other devices.
Note
Please check your devices owner’s manual to determine how to turn on its 
Bluetooth adapter.

--- Page 33 ---
Using a Bluetooth connection - 33
4. Select the device you wish to pair from the list of discovered 
devices.
5. After pairing, if there is a code displaying on the screen, enter that 
code on the device to proceed the connection.
You can also enter the Bluetooth settings by selecting the Network, 
Sound and Battery icon in the lower right-hand corner of the screen to 
open the Quick settings pane. From here, you can enable or disable 
Bluetooth or right-click on Bluetooth > Go to Settings to enter the 
Bluetooth settings.
Note
Some devices using older versions of the Bluetooth technology require both 
devices to enter a PIN. In the case of one of the devices not having any inputs 
(as in a headset), the passcode is hardcoded into the device (usually "0000" 
or "1234"). Consult your device’s user manual for more information.

--- Page 34 ---
34 - Connecting to the Internet
CONNECTING TO THE INTERNET
This chapter includes general information on types of connections, 
and getting connected to the internet. For detailed information, please 
refer to Network connections on page 76. 
Your computer’s built-in network features make it easy for you to 
connect your computer to the internet.
First though, in order to connect to the internet from home, you’ll need 
to sign up for internet services from an ISP (Internet Service Provider) 
-- usually a phone or cable company -- that will have to go to your 
home or office to set up internet service. The ISP will install a small 
box, a router or modem, that will allow you to connect to the internet.
Connecting to a wireless network
Connecting to a wireless LAN
A wireless LAN (or WLAN) is a wireless local area network, which can 
link two or more computers without using wires. Once connected to 
WLAN, you can access the internet. You can also share files, other 
devices, and even your internet connection itself.
Your computer's wireless connection is turned on by default and 
Windows will detect and display a list of available networks during 
setup. Select your network and enter the password if required.
Acer computers feature a Flight mode hotkey that turns the network 
connection on or off. You can use the network management options to 
turn your wireless network on/off or control what is shared over the 
network.
Warning
Using wireless devices while flying in aircraft may be prohibited. All 
wireless devices must be switched off before boarding an aircraft and 
during take-off, as they may be dangerous to the operation of the 
aircraft, disrupt communications, and even be illegal. You may turn on 
your computer’s wireless devices only when informed that it is safe to 
do so by the cabin crew.

--- Page 35 ---
Connecting to the Internet - 35
To connect to a wireless network, please follow the steps below.
1. Ensure you have a wireless router/access point and current internet 
connection through the ISP of your choice. Make a note of the 
wireless network’s name and password (if necessary). If you are 
trying to connect to a public network (such as at a coffeeshop), 
make sure you have the wireless network’s name.
2. Click Network icon in the notification area.
3. Select Manage WiFi connections.
Note
Please refer to your ISP or router documentation for details on connecting to 
the internet.
Note
If Wi-Fi is turned off, please click Wi-Fi icon to turn it on.

--- Page 36 ---
36 - Connecting to the Internet
4. You will see a list of available wireless networks. Select the one you 
wish to use.
5. Once you select a wireless network, select Connect.

--- Page 37 ---
Connecting to the Internet - 37
6. If required, enter the network’s password.

--- Page 38 ---
38 - AcerSense
ACERSENSE
AcerSense is a device configuration center that provides you with the 
comprehensive capabilities to monitor system performance, check the 
health and charging status of your battery, adjust fan speed and 
power plan settings, as well as receive live update notifications.
It also allows you to switch scenarios and access apps quickly using 
the widget card.
The AcerSense main screen
The  Home page provides a comprehensive overview of system 
performance, including temperatures and battery status. Users can 
directly access the widget card and system settings from this 
interface. Furthermore, it dynamically displays the current usage 
mode with live animations that accurately reflect the operational 
status.  
Note
Function varies depending on configuration.
Note
The performance parameters and temperatures listed may vary depending 
on your computer’s configuration and the power output of the CPU and GPU.

--- Page 39 ---
AcerSense - 39
Widget card
Widget card   is always visible on all AcerSense screens by default.
• Under the Live Update tab, you have the option to manually check 
for available updates any time by clicking on the Check Now button. 
For a more detailed view of available updates, simply select Details
to access the Update List.
• Under the App Shortcut tab, click on an app will promptly open it. 
For an expanded array of available apps, select Details to access 
the App Center. 
AcerSense settings
Select the Settings icon   to manually update the firmware and 
configure the system to automatically check for available updates 
upon startup. Furthermore, on this screen, you have the option to 
adjust temperature units as needed.

--- Page 40 ---
40 - AcerSense
Account and Support
Select the Support icon   to either sign in or sign up for an Acer ID 
and register your Acer product. As a valued Acer user or Acer 
member, you can access a comprehensive range of benefits and 
services. Within this section, Find an Answer provides you full 
support in resolving common issues through knowledge base 
searches or discussions with other Acer product owners and 
enthusiasts. If you can't find an answer to your question, please refer 
to the Contact Us to locate your local service center for further 
assistance.

--- Page 41 ---
AcerSense - 41
Checkup
Select the Checkup tab to swiftly evaluate the health of your system 
components including battery, storages and RAM with just one single 
click - Checkup All. 
- System Info: Click on   to view the comprehensive overview of the laptop’s 
system information.
- Support Service: Click on   and go to Account & Support page.
Battery
You can check the battery’s health status by clicking Check button. 
For a comprehensive view of battery usages details, click on   icon. 
In addition, the Battery Power shows an estimate of the remaining 
battery time, along with a percentage display.
To ensure optimal battery performance, it is recommended to perform 
Battery Calibration on a regular basis.
Storage
To assess the health status of your storage, initiate the evaluation by 
clicking the Check button. Besides, you can see the current utilization 
of storage by both apps and files, along with a check on available 
storage space.

--- Page 42 ---
42 - AcerSense
For improved laptop performance, utilize either Quick Cleanup or 
Advanced Cleanup to efficiently remove temporary and unnecessary 
files, helping you clean up storage space and speed up your laptop.  
RAM
To assess the health status of your RAM, click the Check button and 
view the current RAM usage.
Note
Specifications vary depending on model or Operating System.

--- Page 43 ---
AcerSense - 43
Personal Settings
In the Personal Settings tab, you can select the systems usage mode, 
battery charging mode, screen and touchpad related settings 
according to your preferences. 
System Usage Mode
There are three available modes to choose from: Silent, Normal and 
Performance. Choose the one that best suits for your specific use 
case. You can easily switch between modes at any time by pressing 
the Fn+F keys.
Battery & USB Charging
• Battery Charge Mode
There are two battery charging options available for your selection: 
Optimized Battery Charging and Full Battery Charging. It is highly 
recommended to opt for the Optimized Battery Charging mode. 
When this mode is selected, the system charges the battery up to 
80% capacity, effectively enhancing the overall battery life.

--- Page 44 ---
44 - AcerSense
• Power-off USB Charger
Make use of the designated USB port to charge mobile devices, even 
when the laptop is powered off or in Hibernation mode. In addition, 
you can set a battery level; when the battery power drops below this 
set level, the charging will be automatically halted. This feature serves 
to optimize laptop energy, particularly in situation where a power 
adapter is not available.
Screen
• BluelightShield
The BluelightShield can be enabled to reduce blue-light emissions 
from the screen to protect your eyes. You have the flexibility to toggle 
BluelightShield on or off, and choose from four different modes to fit 
your needs.
- Low Reduction: Reduces blue light emission from the LED backlit screen by 10% to 25% for 
basic protection.
- Medium Reduction: Reduces blue light emission from the LED backlit screen by 26% to 45% 
to protect your eyes.
- High Reduction: Reduces blue light emission from the LED backlit screen by 46% to 65% for 
maximum protection.
- Long Hour Mode: Professionally tuned to reduce eye strain over an extended period of time.

--- Page 45 ---
AcerSense - 45
• Acer OLED Care Settings
OLED screen is known for its ability to display near-perfect blacks and 
brilliant colors, offering an exceptional visual experience without the 
need for a backlight, compared to the LED panel. However, it’s crucial 
to be mindful of OLED burn-in potential. This can occur if the 
maximum settings for backlight, brightness, and contrast are used to 
display static images, possibly resulting in permanent burn-in damage 
to your OLED display.
Touchpad
You can enable or disable AI Lighting Effect (Activity Indicator). 
Select View more introduction to see AI Lighting Effect descriptions.  
Note
Specifications vary depending on model or Operating System.

--- Page 46 ---
46 - AcerSense
App Center
Select the App Center tab to swiftly launch the installed app on your 
computer. In case you cannot locate the app within the 
comprehensive list of All Apps, utilize the search function. In addition, 
you can refine the display by showing only preloaded apps or games, 
and organize them based on Popularity,  Alphabet, or Installation 
Date. If the app is newly installed, then click the Refresh icon   to 
reload the view.  
Note
For ease of access, you can pin the app shortcut to the widget card. To do 
so, hover the cursor over the app and click the Pin icon. To unpin the app 
from the widget card, repeat the step.
App Center Widget card

--- Page 47 ---
AcerSense - 47
Experience Zone
It provides users with a suite of AI-enhanced features for 
collaboration.
In particular, Experience Zone offers a quick and easy way to fine-
tune your AI-assisted Acer PurifiedView camera, Acer PurifiedVoice 
microphone settings and Activity Indicator (depending on your model), 
all in one place. Designed to be intuitive, it automatically appears 
when your device detects that your webcam or microphone has been 
turned on, and smartly hides itself after a brief period of inactivity.

--- Page 48 ---
Keeping your computer 
and data safe...
In this section you will find:
• How to secure your computer
• Setting passwords
• What you need to prepare when you’re traveling
• How to get the most out of your battery

--- Page 49 ---
Securing your computer - 49
SECURING YOUR COMPUTER
Your computer is a valuable investment that you need to take care of. 
Learn how to protect and take care of your computer.
Security features include hardware and software locks — a security 
notch and passwords.
Using a computer security lock
The computer comes with a computer security slot for a security lock.
Wrap a computer security lock cable around an immovable object 
such as a table or handle of a locked drawer. Insert the lock into the 
notch and turn the key to secure the lock. Some keyless models are 
also available.
Using passwords
Passwords protect your computer from unauthorized access. Setting 
these passwords creates several different levels of protection for your 
computer and data:
• Supervisor Password prevents unauthorized entry into the BIOS 
utility. Once set, you must enter this password to gain access to the 
BIOS utility. See Setting passwords on page 55.
• User Password secures your computer against unauthorized use. 
Combine the use of this password with password checkpoints on 
boot-up and resume from Hibernation (if available) for maximum 
security.
• Password on Boot secures your computer against unauthorized 
use. Combine the use of this password with password checkpoints 
on boot-up and resume from Hibernation (if available) for maximum 
security.
Important
Do not forget your Supervisor Password! If you forget your password, 
please get in touch with your dealer or an authorized service center.

--- Page 50 ---
50 - Securing your computer
Entering passwords
When a password is set, a password prompt appears in the center of 
the display screen.
• When the Supervisor Password is set, a prompt appears when you 
enter the BIOS utility.
• Type the Supervisor Password and press Enter to access the BIOS 
utility. If you enter the password incorrectly, a warning message 
appears. Try again and press Enter.
• When the User Password is set and the password on boot 
parameter is enabled, a prompt appears at boot-up.
• Type the User Password and press Enter to use the computer. If 
you enter the password incorrectly, a warning message appears. Try 
again and press Enter.
Important
You have three chances to enter a password. If you fail to enter the 
password correctly after three tries, the system halts. Press and hold 
the power button for four seconds to shut down the computer. Then 
turn on the computer again, and try again.

--- Page 51 ---
Fingerprint Reader - 51
FINGERPRINT READER
In addition to using an account password or PIN to sign in to Windows 
apps and services, you can also use the fingerprint reader to sign-in 
and unlock your Acer notebook.
In order to use the fingerprint reader, you must first configure the 
fingerprint reader to recognize your fingerprint to confirm your identity.
How to use the fingerprint reader
Select the Start button, then select Settings > Accounts > Sign-in 
options to set up Windows Hello.
1. In Fingerprint recognition (Windows Hello), select Set up to 
configure the fingerprint reader.

--- Page 52 ---
52 - Fingerprint Reader
2. In the Windows Hello setup window, select Get started to begin the 
fingerprint configuration.
3. Enter your PIN to confirm your identity.

--- Page 53 ---
Fingerprint Reader - 53
4. When the Windows Hello setup window appears, follow the 
onscreen directions. Press and hold your finger on the fingerprint 
sensor and then lift. Repeat this step until the fingerprint 
configuration is complete.

--- Page 54 ---
54 - Fingerprint Reader
5. Once the fingerprint configuration is complete, you will be able to 
sign in or unlock your computer by placing your fingerprint on the 
fingerprint reader. You may select Add another finger to add 
another fingerprint to unlock the computer.
Note
If the notebook has multiple accounts, you can set up access separately and 
automatically switch between accounts.

--- Page 55 ---
BIOS utility - 55
BIOS UTILITY
The BIOS utility is a hardware configuration program built into your 
computer's BIOS.
Your computer is already properly configured and optimized, and you 
do not normally need to run this utility. However, if you encounter 
configuration problems, you may need to run it.
To activate the BIOS utility, press F2 while the computer logo is being 
displayed.
Boot sequence
To set the boot sequence in the BIOS utility, activate the BIOS utility, 
then select Boot from the categories listed on the top of the screen. 
Setting passwords
To set a password on boot, activate the BIOS utility, then select 
Security from the categories listed on the top of the screen.
Find Set Supervisor Password and enter a password to enable this 
feature. Once you have entered a password for this feature, you may 
then enable/disable Password on Boot.
Remember to select F10 to properly save and exit the BIOS utility 
when you are done making changes.

--- Page 56 ---
56 - Power management
POWER MANAGEMENT
This computer has a built-in power management unit that monitors 
system activity. System activity refers to any activity involving one or 
more of the following devices: keyboard, mouse, hard disk, 
peripherals connected to the computer, and video memory. If no 
activity is detected for a period of time, the computer stops some or all 
of these devices in order to conserve energy.
Saving power
Disable Fast startup
Your computer uses Fast startup to start quickly, but also uses a small 
amount of power to check for signals to start. These checks will slowly 
drain your computer’s battery. 
If you prefer to reduce your computer’s power requirements and 
environmental impact, turn off Fast startup:
1. Press the Windows key or select the Windows Start button then 
search for "Choose a power plan".
2. Select Choose what the power buttons do.
Note
If Fast startup is off, your computer will take longer to start from Sleep.
 
Your computer will also not start if it receives an instruction to start over a 
network (Wake on LAN).

--- Page 57 ---
Power management - 57
3. Select Change settings that are currently unavailable. 
4. Scroll down and disable Turn on fast start-up. 
5. Select Save changes.

--- Page 58 ---
58 - Battery pack
BATTERY PACK
The computer uses an embedded Lithium battery that gives you long 
use between charges.
Battery characteristics
The battery is recharged whenever you connect the computer to the 
AC adapter. Your computer supports charge-in-use, enabling you to 
recharge the battery while you continue to operate the computer. 
However, recharging with the computer turned off significantly 
reduces charge time.
The battery will come in handy when you travel or during a power 
failure. 
Charging the battery
Plug the AC adapter into the computer, and connect to a mains power 
outlet.
Conditioning a new battery pack
Before you use a battery pack for the first time, there is a conditioning 
process that you should follow:
1. Connect the AC adapter and fully charge the battery.
2. Turn on the computer and complete setting up the operating system.
3. Disconnect the AC adapter.
4. Operate the computer using battery power.
5. Fully deplete the battery until the battery-low warning appears.
6. Reconnect the AC adapter and fully charge the battery again.
Follow these steps again until the battery has been charged and 
discharged three times.
Note
You are advised to charge the battery before retiring for the day. Charging 
the battery overnight before traveling enables you to start the next day with a 
fully charged battery.

--- Page 59 ---
Battery pack - 59
Use this conditioning process for all new batteries, or if a battery 
hasn't been used for a long time. 
The battery conditioning process ensures your battery accepts the 
maximum possible charge. Failure to follow this procedure will prevent 
you from obtaining the maximum battery charge, and will also shorten 
the effective lifespan of the battery.
In addition, the useful lifespan of the battery is adversely affected by 
the following usage patterns:
• Using the computer on constant AC power.
• Not discharging and recharging the battery to its extremes, as 
described above.
• Frequent use; the more you use the battery, the faster it will reach 
the end of its effective life. An embedded battery has a life span of 
more than 1,000 charge/discharge cycles.
Optimizing battery life
Optimizing battery life helps you get the most out of battery operation, 
prolonging the charge/recharge cycle and improving recharging 
efficiency. You are advised to follow the suggestions set out below:
• Use AC power whenever possible, reserving battery for mobile use.
• Remove accessories that are not being used (e.g. a USB disk 
drive), as they can continue to draw power.
• Store your PC in a cool, dry place. The recommended temperature 
is 10° C (50° F) to 30° C (86° F). Higher temperatures cause the 
battery to self-discharge faster.
• Excessive recharging decreases the battery life.
• Look after your AC adapter and battery. 
Warning
Do not expose battery packs to temperatures below 0° C (32° F) or 
above 45° C (113° F). Extreme temperatures may adversely affect the 
battery pack.

--- Page 60 ---
60 - Battery pack
Checking the battery level
The power meter indicates the current battery level. Rest the cursor 
over the battery/power icon on the taskbar to see the battery's present 
charge level.
Battery-low warning
When using battery power pay attention to the power meter.
When the battery-low warning appears, the recommended course of 
action depends on your situation:
Important
Connect the AC adapter as soon as possible after the battery-low 
warning appears. Data may be lost if the battery is allowed to become 
fully depleted and the computer shuts down.
Situation Recommended Action
The AC adapter 
and a power 
outlet are 
available.
1. Plug the AC adapter into the computer, and 
then connect to the main power supply.
2. Save all necessary files.
3. Resume work. 
Turn off the computer if you want to recharge 
the battery rapidly.
The AC adapter 
or a power outlet 
is unavailable. 
1. Save all necessary files.
2. Close all applications.
3. Turn off the computer.

--- Page 61 ---
Traveling with your computer - 61
TRAVELING WITH YOUR COMPUTER
This section gives you tips and hints to consider when moving around 
or traveling with your computer.
Disconnecting from the desktop
Follow these steps to disconnect your computer from external 
accessories:
1. Save any open files.
2. Remove discs from optical drive.
3. Shut down the computer or put it into Sleep or Hibernate mode.
4. Close the display cover.
5. Disconnect the cord from the AC adapter.
6. Disconnect the keyboard, pointing device, printer, external monitor 
and other external devices.
7. Disconnect the Kensington / Noble lock if you are using one to 
secure the computer.
Moving around
When you are just moving within short distances, for example, from 
your office desk to a meeting room.
Before moving the computer, close and latch the display cover to 
place it in Sleep mode. You can now safely take the computer 
anywhere you go within the building. 
If you are moving within a larger distance, you may choose to shut 
down the computer. 
Note
Specifications vary depending on model.
Note
The computer may enter Hibernation or Deep Sleep mode after being in 
Sleep mode for a period of time.

--- Page 62 ---
62 - Traveling with your computer
What to bring 
When you are just moving within short distances, you probably do not 
need to bring anything with you other than your computer. If your 
battery is not fully charged, you may want to bring the AC adapter with 
you to plug in your computer. If you cannot find an electrical outlet, 
reduce the drain on the battery by putting the computer in Sleep 
mode. Press the Sleep hotkey or close the display cover whenever 
you are not actively using the computer.
When you are moving within a larger distance, for instance, traveling 
locally or internationally, after shutting down the computer and 
disconnecting any external devices, pack the computer in a protective 
case that can prevent the computer from sliding around and cushion it 
if it should fall.

--- Page 63 ---
In this section you will find:
• Information on the ports and connectors fitted to your computer
Ports and connectors...

--- Page 64 ---
64 - Universal Serial Bus (USB)
UNIVERSAL SERIAL BUS (USB)
The USB port is a high-speed port which allows you to connect USB 
peripherals, such as a mouse, an external keyboard, additional 
storage (external hard disks), or any other compatible device.
You can also charge devices such as tablets, smartphones, or other 
devices through a USB port. Some USB 3.2 Gen 1/Gen 2 ports 
support charging devices when the computer is in Hibernate or turned 
off. Additionally, you can use a USB hub to connect multiple devices 
to a single USB port.
Note
Two USB standards are currently available on Acer computers: USB 2.0 
(High-speed USB) and USB 3.2 Gen 1/Gen 2 (SuperSpeed USB). USB 2.0 
ports on Acer computers have a black tongue in the port, while USB 3.2 
Gen 1/Gen 2 ports have a blue tongue. For best performance, USB 3.2 
Gen 1/Gen 2 devices should always be plugged into USB 3.2 Gen 1/Gen 2 
ports. Consult your device’s documentation to see which standard it 
supports.
Important
When removing a USB storage device, you should right-click on the 
USB icon in the Windows task bar and select "Eject <device>" to tell the 
operating system to stop using the device before removing it. Failure to 
do this may result in data loss or damage to your peripheral.

--- Page 65 ---
USB Type-C port - 65
USB TYPE-C PORT
A USB Type-C port is a connector that allows you to easily connect 
USB Type-C peripherals, such as additional storage (e.g. an external 
drive), or any other compatible device. 
The Type-C port is reversable; connectors may be inserted with either 
side up.
Note
On Acer
 
computers USB Type-C ports support up to USB 3.2 (SuperSpeed           
USB, 10 Gbps). 
 
Other USB devices with a USB Type-C connector are supported, but transfer 
speed may be reduced and certain functions will be disabled (such as 
Thunderbolt video support).
Important
When removing a USB storage device, you should right-click on the 
USB icon in the Windows task bar and select "Eject <device>" to tell the 
operating system to stop using the device before removing it. Failure to 
do this may result in data loss or damage to your peripheral.

--- Page 66 ---
66 - Video and audio connectors
VIDEO AND AUDIO CONNECTORS
Add an external monitor to your computer via a video port. The type of 
port available depends on your computer’s configuration.
Connecting a monitor
1. Check that the computer is powered off and the monitor power 
switch is turned off.
2. Attach the video cable to the monitor port on the computer.
3. Connect the monitor power cable and plug it into a properly 
grounded wall outlet.
4. Follow any setup instructions in the monitor's user's guide.
5. Turn on power to the monitor, then the computer.
6. The correct resolution and refresh rate should be detected 
automatically. If necessary, change the display settings used by the 
computer.
Headphones and microphone
One or more 3.5 mm jacks on your computer allow you to connect 
audio devices. 
Use the headphone port to plug in stereo headphones or powered 
speakers; connecting an audio device to the headphone port disables 
the built-in speakers. 
Use the microphone port to connect an external microphone; 
connecting a microphone disables the built-in microphone.
Note
To access the display controls, right-click anywhere on the desktop and 
select Display settings.
Note
Some computers have a single "combo" port that allows you to use single-pin 
headsets with a built-in microphone. These headsets are most commonly 
used with smartphones.

--- Page 67 ---
HDMI - 67
HDMI
HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) is a high-quality, digital 
audio/video interface. HDMI allows you to connect any compatible 
digital audio/video source, such as your computer, a set-top box, DVD 
player, and audio/video receiver to any compatible digital audio and/or 
video monitor, such as a digital television (DTV) with a single cable.
The single cable keeps everything neat and tidy while ensuring easy 
connection and the best audio and visual quality.

--- Page 68 ---
Got a question?
In this section you will find:
• Frequently asked questions
• Troubleshooting information
• How to protect yourself while online
• Where to find Acer service center contact information

--- Page 69 ---
Frequently asked questions - 69
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
The following is a list of possible situations that may arise during the 
use of your computer. Easy solutions are provided for each one.
I turned on the power, but the computer does not start or boot up.
Check if power is being supplied to the computer (if your computer 
has a power indicator, it will be off); if there is no power, check the 
following:
• If you are using on the battery, it may be low and unable to power 
the computer. Connect the AC adapter to recharge the battery pack. 
You may need to wait a few minutes before trying to turn your 
computer on again.
• Make sure that the AC adapter is properly plugged into the 
computer and to the power outlet.
If power is being supplied to the computer, check the following:
• Do you have a USB storage device (USB drive, CD drive or 
smartphone) plugged into your computer? Unplug it and press Ctrl
+ Alt + Del to restart the system.
Nothing appears on the screen.
The computer’s power management system automatically blanks the 
screen to save power. Press any key to turn the display back on.
If pressing a key does not turn the display back on, three things might 
be the cause:
• The brightness level might be too low. Use the Brightness up hotkey 
to adjust the brightness level.
• The display device might be set to an external monitor. Press the 
display toggle hotkey to toggle the display back to the computer.
• The computer may be in Sleep or Hibernate mode (if there is a 
power LED, it will flash). Press and release the power button to 
resume.
No audio is heard from the computer.
Check the following:
• The volume may be muted. Look at the volume control (speaker)

--- Page 70 ---
70 - Frequently asked questions
icon in the taskbar. If it is crossed-out, click the icon and drag the 
slider to the right to increase the volume.
• The volume level may be too low. Check the volume from the 
volume control (speaker) icon in the taskbar. You can also use the 
volume control hotkeys to adjust the volume.
• If headphones, earphones or external speakers are connected to 
the headphone jack on the computer, the internal speakers 
automatically turn off.
The keyboard does not respond.
Try attaching an external keyboard to a USB port on the computer. If it 
works, contact your dealer or an authorized service center as the 
internal keyboard cable may be loose.
The printer does not work.
• Make sure that the printer is connected to a power outlet and that it 
is turned on.
• Make sure that the printer cable is connected securely to a USB port 
and the corresponding port on the printer.
I want to restore my computer to its original settings.
This recovery process helps you restore the C: drive with the original 
software content that is installed when you purchased your computer.
Before performing a restore operation, please check the BIOS settings.
1. If there is a D2D Recovery setting in Main, make sure it is Enabled.
2. Exit the BIOS utility and save changes. The system will reboot.
Note
If your system is the multilingual version, the operating system and language 
you choose when you first turn on the system will be the only option for future 
recovery operations.
Warning
Your C: drive will be reformatted and all data will be erased. It is 
important to back up all data files before using this option.

--- Page 71 ---
Frequently asked questions - 71
For more information, see Restoring your computer on page 26.
Requesting service
International Travelers Warranty (ITW)
Your computer is backed by an International Travelers Warranty 
(ITW) that gives you security and peace of mind when traveling. An 
ITW passport came with your computer and contains all you need to 
know about the ITW program. A list of available, authorized service 
centers is in this handy booklet. Read this passport thoroughly.
Always have your ITW passport on hand, especially when you travel, 
to receive the benefits from our support centers. Attach your proof-of-
purchase to the ITW passport.
If the country you are traveling in does not have an Acer-authorized 
ITW service site, you can still get in contact with our offices worldwide. 
Please visit www.acer.com.
Before you call
Please have the following information available when you call Acer for 
online service, and please be at your computer when you call. With 
your support, we can reduce the amount of time a call takes and help 
solve your problems efficiently. If there are error messages or beeps 
reported by your computer, write them down as they appear on the 
screen (or the number and sequence in the case of beeps).
You are required to provide the following information: 
Name:  
Address:  
Telephone number:  
Machine and model type:  
Serial number:  
Date of purchase: 
Note
To access the BIOS utility, press F2 when you see the Acer logo during boot 
up.

--- Page 72 ---
72 - Frequently asked questions
Troubleshooting
This chapter shows you how to deal with common system problems.  
Read it before calling a technician if a problem occurs. Solutions to 
more serious problems require opening up the computer. Do not 
attempt to open the computer yourself; contact your dealer or 
authorized service center for assistance.
Troubleshooting tips
This computer incorporates an advanced design that delivers 
onscreen error message reports to help you solve problems.
If the system reports an error message or an error symptom occurs, 
see "Error messages" below. If the problem cannot be resolved, 
contact your dealer.
Error messages
If you receive an error message, note the message and take the 
corrective action. The following table lists the error messages in 
alphabetical order together with the recommended course of action.
Error messages Corrective action
CMOS battery bad
Contact your dealer or an authorized service 
center.
CMOS checksum 
error
Contact your dealer or an authorized service 
center.
Disk boot failure
Insert a system (bootable) disk, then press 
Enter to reboot.
Equipment 
configuration error
Press F2 (during POST) to enter the BIOS 
utility, then press Exit in the BIOS utility to 
reboot.
Hard disk 0 error
Contact your dealer or an authorized service 
center.
Hard disk 0 
extended type error
Contact your dealer or an authorized service 
center.
F
requen
tl
y as
k
e
d
 ques
ti
ons

--- Page 73 ---
Frequently asked questions - 73
If you still encounter problems after going through the corrective 
measures, please contact your dealer or an authorized service center 
for assistance.
I/O parity error
Contact your dealer or an authorized service 
center.
Keyboard error or no 
keyboard connected
Contact your dealer or an authorized service 
center.
Keyboard interface 
error
Contact your dealer or an authorized service 
center.
Memory size 
mismatch
Press F2 (during POST) to enter the BIOS 
utility, then press Exit in the BIOS utility to 
reboot.
Error messages Corrective action

--- Page 74 ---
74 - Internet and online security
INTERNET AND ONLINE SECURITY
First steps on the net
Protecting your computer
It is vital to protect your computer from viruses and attacks over the 
internet (see Internet security software on page 77).  
A comprehensive internet security program is offered when you first 
start your computer. You should activate this protection as soon as 
possible, certainly before you connect to the internet.
Choose an Internet Service Provider
Using the internet has become a natural part of daily 
computing. Just a few simple steps can connect you to 
a vast collection of knowledge and communication 
tools. To accomplish these steps you should first 
select an Internet Service Provider (ISP), which 
supplies the connection between your computer and 
the internet. You should research the ISPs available in 
your region, not forgetting to talk to friends and family about their 
experiences or to check reviews and consumer reports. The ISP you 
select will provide instructions on how to connect to the internet (you 
may need additional software or a special ‘box’ that connects to your 
phone line).
Connection types
Depending on your computer model, your location and your 
communication needs, you have several ways to connect to the 
internet. 
Dial-up
Some computers include a telephone dial-up (‘modem’) connector. 
This allows you to connect to the internet using your telephone line. 
With a dial-up connection, you cannot use the modem and the 
telephone simultaneously on a single phone line. This type of 
connection is recommended only if you have limited use of the

--- Page 75 ---
Internet and online security - 75
internet as the connection speed is low and connection time is 
typically charged per hour. 
DSL (e.g. ADSL)
DSL (Digital Subscriber Line) is an ‘always-on’ connection that runs 
over the phone line. As DSL and phone do not use the same 
frequencies, you can use your telephone at the same time you are 
connected to the internet (this requires a ‘micro-filter’ on each 
telephone socket to avoid interference). To be eligible for DSL, you 
must be located near an DSL-equipped phone exchange (service is 
sometimes unavailable in rural areas). Connection speeds vary 
depending on your location, but DSL generally provides very fast and 
reliable internet connection. As the connection is always-on, it is 
generally charged at fixed monthly rates.
Cable
A cable connection provides fast and always-on internet service via a 
cable television line. This service is generally available in large cities. 
You can use your telephone and watch cable TV at the same time you 
are connected to the internet. 
Cellular
A cellular connection allows you to use cellular networks (such as 
those used by a mobile phone) to connect to the internet while away 
from home. The socket for a SIM card may be built in to your 
computer, or may require an external device, such as a USB modem 
or even an appropriately equipped mobile phone.
Note
A DSL connection requires an appropriate modem. A modem is usually 
provided by the ISP when you register. Many of these modems include an 
‘router’ that provides network and Wi-Fi access.
Note
If your computer includes a SIM card slot, you require a compatible SIM card 
and a contract with a cellular provider. 
 
Before using the cellular features, check with your service provider to see if 
any additional charges will be incurred, especially roaming charges.

--- Page 76 ---
76 - Internet and online security
Network connections
A LAN (Local Area Network) is a group of computers (for example, 
within an office building or home) that share a common 
communications line and resources. When you set up a network, you 
can share files, peripheral devices (such as a printer) and an internet 
connection. You can set up a LAN using wired technologies (such as 
Ethernet) or wireless technologies (such as Wi-Fi or Bluetooth). 
Wireless networks
A wireless LAN or WLAN is a wireless local area network, which may 
link two or more computers without using wires. Setting up a wireless 
network is easy and allows you to share files, peripheral devices and 
an internet connection. 
What are benefits of a wireless network?
Mobility
Wireless LAN systems allow you and other users of your home 
network to share access to files and devices connected to the 
network, for example a printer or scanner.
Also you can share an internet connection with other computers in 
your home.
Installation speed and simplicity
Installing a wireless LAN system can be fast and easy and eliminates 
the need to pull cables through walls and ceilings. 
Components of a wireless LAN
To set up your Wireless network at home you need to have the 
following:
Access point (router)
Access points (routers) are two-way transceivers that broadcast data 
into the surrounding environment. Access points act as a mediator 
between wired and wireless network. Most routers have a built-in DSL 
modem that will allow you access to a high speed DSL internet 
connection. The ISP (Internet Service Provider) you have chosen 
normally supplies a modem/router with the subscription to their

--- Page 77 ---
Internet and online security - 77
services. Read carefully the documentation supplied with your Access 
point/router for detailed setup instructions.
Wireless adapter
Most computers feature a wireless module and Wi-Fi button that turns 
the network connection on or off. You may also turn your wireless 
network on or off, or control what is shared over the network with the 
network management options.
Surf the Net!
To surf the internet, you need a program called an 
internet browser. Microsoft Edge provides an easy and 
secure web browsing experience. As soon as you have 
your internet access installed and you are connected, 
from the Start Menu, click the Microsoft Edge app or the 
icon located in the taskbar and take your internet 
experience to a new level!
Acer website
To get you started why not visit our website, www.acer.com.
Acer is dedicated to provide you with on-going personalized support. 
Check out our Support section to get help tailored to your needs.
www.acer.com is your portal to a world of online activities and 
services: visit us regularly for the latest information and downloads! 
Internet security software
To help you stay ahead of cybercriminals, Acer has partnered with 
McAfee to offer you security for all your devices. 
Warning
Using wireless devices while flying in aircraft may be prohibited. Switch 
off all devices before boarding an aircraft; they may be dangerous to 
the operation of the aircraft, disrupt communications, and even be 
illegal. After take off, ask the cabin crew if you may enable Wi-Fi.

--- Page 78 ---
78 - Internet and online security
Select Acer computers include protection by McAfee
McAfee is pre-installed on select Acer computers, protecting your 
identity and financial data from viruses, spyware, malware and other 
online threats. Learn more about how to stay safe online and how to 
stay protected after your introductory subscription ends.
Staying ahead of cybercriminals
Stay ahead of hackers and cybercriminals by understanding the 
tactics they use to access your private data. 
Ensure your software is up to date
Cybercriminals rely heavily upon software or platform vulnerabilities, 
as they are the easiest way to sneak malware into a user's device 
unnoticed, sometimes with little action on the user's part. Immediately 
after a software manufacturer announces an update, hackers are 
ready with malware that can breach holes in the software that would 
have been patched if the update was installed. 
How to stay safe: Perform any and all software updates as soon as 
they are available.
Keep a lookout for fake or phishing emails
Beware of emails that appear to be from a friend or business 
colleague that you know but seem a little odd. Maybe they didn't 
capitalize your name or there are misspellings. The email might be 
from cybercriminals who are trying to fool you into sending them your 
credit card number, social security number, or logging into a fake 
bank website that looks like yours but really isn't. 
How to stay safe: Use a strong antispam filter. If an email looks 
strange, don't click on anything and delete it immediately. Instead 
manually launch a browser and type in your bank's website address 
and log-in yourself.
Don't be fooled if someone calls your phone
A tech support scam is a form of online fraud where people call you 
on the phone saying they're Technical Support from a trusted 
Note
Specifications vary depending on model or Operating System.

--- Page 79 ---
Internet and online security - 79
company like McAfee or Microsoft and that you have a virus. The 
main motive behind these scams is to extort money from the victim. 
Cybercriminals can also install malware such as keylogging software 
or backdoor Trojans in order to gain access to personal information.
How to stay safe: Don't fall for phone calls that tell you your software 
or computer isn't working. Never give your personal information like 
social security or credit card numbers to someone that you don't know 
over the phone. 
Common threats cybercriminals use
Now you know a few very common ways cybercriminals try to sneak 
onto your device or trick you into providing private information to them 
directly. Here are a few of the types of malware they like to deploy 
once they've got into a device and what to do if you're ever infected.
Ransomware
A form of malware that will encrypt personal data files on your 
computer and attached devices. Encryption converts files into another 
format, that can only be opened with a specific decryption key. Once 
the ransomware installs itself, it will display a warning message that 
the computer is now locked. The user is given a specific amount of 
money to pay as a "fine" and a timeframe in which to pay. Even if 
paid, the criminal might choose to not unencrypt the files anyway!
What to do if you're infected: Avoid getting infected in the first place 
by staying protected with internet security software like McAfee 
Security. Also, perform regular backups of all your data either online 
or to a separate external hard drive that is only attached to your 
computer while performing the backup. Ransomware has been known 
to lock access to external hard drives attached to the computer. 
If you are infected with ransomware, think twice before you pay the 
ransom. There is no guarantee the cybercriminal will unlock your files 
and you'll be funding them to prey upon another innocent victim. 
Botnets
A botnet is a string of infected, connected computers coordinated 
together to perform a task. Botnets gain access to your machine 
through some piece of malicious coding. Once the software is 
downloaded, the botnet will now contact its master computer and let it 
know that everything is ready to go. Now your computer, phone,

--- Page 80 ---
80 - Internet and online security
tablet, or IoT device is entirely under the control of the person who 
created the botnet. Most people who are infected with botnets aren't 
even aware that their computer's security has become compromised!
What to do if you're infected: If you're infected you probably don't 
realize it as bots are notoriously quiet. Your Internet Service Provider 
might send you a notification alerting you that they found a threat on 
your network and that you need to remove the bot. If you have a bot, 
use internet security software like McAfee to scan all of your devices.
Viruses/Malware
"Virus" is the commonplace word for all malicious software programs 
for years now; however, a virus is just one type of malicious threat. A 
virus is classified as a self-replicating piece of malicious code that 
travels by inserting itself into files or programs.
What to do if you're infected: Take steps to avoid infection by 
staying protected with internet security software like McAfee.
Take special precautions when using public Wi-Fi
Public Wi-Fi is available just about everywhere, from the local coffee 
shop to the hotels and airports you visit while traveling. While public 
Wi-Fi has made our lives a little easier, it also poses security risks to 
the personal information available on our laptops and smartphones. A 
virtual private network (VPN) gives you online privacy and anonymity 
by creating a private network from a public internet connection. VPNs 
mask your internet protocol (IP) address so your online actions are 
virtually untraceable as well as secure. One of the biggest security 
risks on public Wi-Fi are man-in-the-middle attacks (MITM). These 
attacks are akin to eavesdropping. Data is sent from point A 
(computer) to point B (server/website), and an attacker can get in-
between these transmissions. They then set up tools programmed to 
"listen in" on transmissions, intercept data that is specifically targeted 
as valuable, and capture the data, such as your login credentials and 
passwords. 
Use a virtual private network (VPN) to ensure your privacy and 
anonymity are protected when you use public Wi-Fi. VPN services 
can encrypt all the data that you send and receive while using a public 
Wi-Fi hotspot, securing your information from hackers and other users 
of the same connection.

--- Page 81 ---
Internet and online security - 81
For more tips on how to stay safe
Good security habits can reduce your exposure to online crime. By 
adopting a few basic behaviors, you can make big strides in reducing 
cybercrime risk:
• Protect your accounts with strong, unique passwords that use a 
combination of at least 10 uppercase and lowercase letters, 
symbols and numbers.
• Don't click on random links or open unsolicited messages and 
attachments-particularly from people you don't know.
• Don't access any personal information or social media accounts 
over unprotected Wi-Fi networks.
• Use security software on your devices to help protect yourself from 
the latest threats.
Protect your computer with Windows security tools
Windows provides a variety of protection applications.
Windows Updates
If you have an active internet connection, Windows can check for 
important updates for your computer and install them automatically. 
These updates include security patches and program updates that 
can improve your computing experience and help protect your 
computer against new viruses and attacks.

