Brand: VISUAL-LAND
Model: V Net Vl 760
URL: https://www.manua.ls/visual-land/v-net-vl-760/manual
Total Pages: 56
============================================================

--- Page 2 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 1 
VISUAL LAND V-NET NETBOOK 
 
Notes for this manual  
Information provided in this manual may vary from model to model, so your model may not have 
some of the features described in this book. The information contained in this document is 
provided “as is” and is subject to change without notice.  
 
Visual Land makes no warranty of any kind with regard to this manual, but not limited to, the 
implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.  Visual Land shall not 
be liable for any errors contained herein or for incidental or consequential damages in connection 
with the furnishing, performance, or use of this manual or the examples herein. 
 
Introduction  
The Visual Land V-NET Netbook is a low cost broadband access terminal for 
today’s word of communications convergence and digital multimedia 
entertainment. It provides multimedia entertainment, high-speed broadband 
internet access and work on the go! It is equipped with various functions, such as 
E-Book  Reader, MP3 Player, Game Player, enlarged PDA, and common 
business software such as web browsing, word processing, spreadsheets and 
more. Perfect for the light business traveler, student and every kid wanting to

--- Page 3 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 2 
enjoy the experience of exploring the world of broadband multimedia! The best 
way to learn to use your new product is to play and experiment, and refer to the 
online help and web links provided! 
 
Product features: 
•  Processor: ARM 248 MHz 32 Bit-CPU  
•  Display terminal: 7-inch 800 x 480 high resolution TFT-LCD digital screen, 
true color image display  
•  Input: Standard 80key keyboard and mouse  
•  Sound card: AC97 Voice Card  
•  Communication: Broadband Internet  Access, 10/100MB Ethernet Port, 
Built-in Wireless LAN adapter  
•  System: Embedded Windows CE  5.0 operating system-high security & 
virus free  
•  Ultra Mobile PC 
 
Charging Your Batteries 
Be sure to fully charge your battery pack before first use of your V-Net Netbook.

--- Page 4 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 3 
 
Preparing your NETBOOK 
These are only quick instructions for using your NETBOOK. Read the following 
chapters for detailed information.  
1.  Connect the AC power adapter  
The wall outlet differs in type by country. Your NETBOOK ships with an adapter compliant with your 
national standard.  
2.  Open the display panel 
3.  Turn ON the NETBOOK  
When you open the display panel, do not force it down to the table or else hinges may break! Never lift 
the NETBOOK by the display panel.  
 
 
1.  Power On: Press and hold the power button until the 
Windows CE Operating System starts to boot.  
2.  Power Off: There are two ways to turn off the V-Net:  
① Press the power button until the OS shows that it  
     is shutting down.  
    ② Power off through “Start” Menu selection.

--- Page 5 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 4 
Front View 
LED Status Indicators (l-r): 
1. Battery Charge Status 
2. Ethernet Connection 
3. Power On/Off 
4. Num Lock Status 
5. Caps Lock Status 
6. WiFi Connection Status

--- Page 6 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 5

--- Page 7 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 6 
Top side 
1.  Display Panel  
The display panel functions the same as a desktop monitor. The 
NETBOOK  uses and active matrix TFT LCD, which provides excellent 
viewing like that of desktop monitors. Unlike desktops monitors, the LCD 
panel does not produce any radiation or flickering, so it’s easier on the 
eyes. Use a soft cloth without chemical liquids (use plain water if 
necessary) to clean the display panel.  
2.  Power Switch 
The power switch allows powering ON and OFF of  the  NETBOOK  and 
recovering from STR (Save-To-RAM). Press the switch once to turn ON 
and hold it to turn OFF the NETBOOK. The power switch only works when 
the display panel is open.  
3.  Audio Speaker System 
The built-in stereo speaker system allows you to hear audio without 
additional attachments. The multimedia sound system features an 
integrated digital audio controller that produces rich, vibrant, sound 
(results improved with external stereo headphones or speakers). Audio 
features are software controlled.

--- Page 8 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 7 
4.  Keyboard 
The keyboard provides keys with comfortable travel (depth at which the 
keys can be depressed) and palm rest for both hands.  
5.  Touchpad and buttons  
The touchpad and its buttons comprise a pointing device that provides the 
same functions as a desktop mouse. Scrolling is available to allow easy 
web and document navigation.  
6.  Status indicators (front) 
o  Power Indicator 
The power indicator lights when the NETBOOK is turned ON and 
blinks slowly when the NETBOOK  is in the Save-To-RAM 
(suspend) mode. This indicator is OFF when the NETBOOK  is 
turned OFF. 
o  Battery charge indicator  
The battery charge indicator (LED) shows the status of the battery’s 
power as follows:  
ON: the NETBOOK  battery is charging when AC power is 
connected.  
OFF: The NETBOOK battery is charged or completely drained.

--- Page 9 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 8 
o  Wireless indicator 
This is only applicable on models with built-in wireless LAN. When 
the built-in wireless LAN is enabled, this indicator will ON. 
Bottom side 
The bottom of the NETBOOK can get very hot. Be careful when handling the 
NETBOOK  while it is in operation or recently been in operation. High 
temperatures are normal during charging or operation. DO NOT use  on soft 
surfaces such as beds or sofas, which may block vents. DO NOT put the 
NETBOOK on your lap or other parts of the body to avoid injury from the heat.  
1.  Battery lock  
The manual battery lock is used to keep the battery pack secured. Move 
the manual lock to the unlocked position to insert or remove the battery 
pack. Move the manual lock to the locked position after inserting the 
battery pack. 
2.  Battery pack  
The battery pack is automatically charged when connected to an AC 
power source and maintains power to the NETBOOK when AC power is 
not connected. This allows usage  when moving temporarily between 
locations. Battery time varies by usage and by the specifications for this

--- Page 10 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 9 
NETBOOK. The battery pack can’t be disassembled and must be 
purchased as a single unit.  
3.  Reset button (emergency) 
In case your operating system cannot be properly turned OFF or restarted, 
the reset button can be depressed with a pin or straightened paper clip to 
restart the NETBOOK. 
Right side 
1.  USB host port (2.0/1.1) 
The USB port is compatible with USB 2.0 or USB 1.1 devices such as 
keyboards, storage devices, connected in a series up to 12Mbits/Sec 
(USB 1.1) and 480Mbits/sec (USB2.0). USB allows many devices to run 
simultaneously on a single computer, with some peripherals acting as 
additional plug-in sites or hubs. Also, the USB supports hot-swapping 
function. 
20.3 
Left side 
1.  Memory card slot  
The built-in memory card reader can read MMC/SD cards from devices 
such as digital cameras, MP3 Players, mobile phones, and PDAs.

--- Page 11 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 10 
2.  Headphone out jack  
The stereo headphone jack (3.5mm) connects the NETBOOK’s audio out 
signal to amplified speakers or headphones. Using this jack automatically 
disables the built-in speakers. 
3.  Microphone jack  
The microphone jack is designed to connect the microphone used for 
voice narrations, or simple audio recordings. 
Rear Side 
1.  Power (DC) input 
The supplied power adapter converts AC power to DC power for use via 
this jack. Power supplied through this jack supplies power to the 
NETBOOK and charges the internal battery pack. To prevent damage to 
the NETBOOK and battery pack, always use the supplied power adapter. 
Caution: May become warm to hot when in use. Be sure not to cover the adapter and keep it away 
from your body. 
2.  LAN port 
The eight-pin RJ-45 LAN port supports a standard Ethernet cable for 
connection to a local network. The built-in connector allows convenient 
use without additional adapters.

--- Page 12 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 11 
3.  USB host port (2.0/1.1) 
The USB port is compatible with USB 2.0 or USB 1.1 devices such as 
keyboards, storage devices, connected in a series up to 12Mbits/sec 
(USB1.1) and 480Mbits/sec (USB2.0). USB allows many devices to run 
simultaneously on a  single computer, with some peripherals acting as 
additional plug-in sites of hubs. Also, the USB supports hot swapping 
function. 
 
Power System 
Using AC power 
The NETBOOK power comprises two parts, the power adapter and the battery 
power system. The power adapter converts AC power from a wall outlet to the 
DC power required by the NETBOOK. Your NETBOOK comes with a universal 
AC-DC adapter for connection to any 100v-120v as well as 220v-240v outlets 
without setting switches or using power converters. Different countries may 
require an adapter to connect the provided US-standard AC power cord to a 
different standard. Most hotels provide universal outlets to support different 
power cords as well as voltages. It is always best to ask an experienced traveler 
about AC outlet voltages before traveling.

--- Page 13 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 12 
 
The power adapter may become warm to hot when in use. Be sure not to cover 
the adapter and keep it away from your body. 
 
Damage may occur if you used a different adapter to power the NETBOOK or 
use the NETBOOK’s adapter to power other electrical devices. If there is smoke, 
burning scent, or extreme heat coming from the AC-DC adapter, seek servicing. 
Seek servicing if you suspect a faulty AC-DC adapter. You may damage both 
your battery pack(s) and the NETBOOK with a faulty AC-DC adapter. 
 
Using battery power 
The  NETBOOK  is designed to work with a battery pack. The battery pack 
consists of a set of battery cells housed together. A full charged pack will provide 
several hours of battery life. Additionally battery packs are optional and can be 
purchased separately through a  NETBOOK retailer. Remember to fully charge 
the battery before first use and whenever it is depleted to prolong battery life.

--- Page 14 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 13 
Only use battery packs and power adapters supplied with this NETBOOK or 
specifically approved by the manufacturer or retailer for use with this model or 
else damage may occur to the NETBOOK. 
  
How to Charge the Battery  
1.  Plug in the Power adapter to Power adaptor port of V-Net, the Battery 
charge LED will light up. Charging will be completed once the LED has 
turned off.  
2.  To see the charging status, turn on the V-Net by pressing and holding the 
Power on/off button. Once the system has booted to the Windows CE 
desktop, the Charging status will be displayed on the right hand side of the 
Menu bar as indicated below.  
3.  During Battery Charging the V-Net can be used as normal, (Please be 
note that the charging time will be longer when the system is in use).  
4.  Charging the Battery normally requires around 3 hours from low battery 
charge to fully charged. During Charging the machine will become warm, 
but this is normal.

--- Page 15 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 14 
Checking the Battery Level  
Double clicking the battery icon   will show the percentage of battery power 
remaining. This icon can also be double clicked to show the Power Properties 
window. This window can also be shown by clicking the “Start”   button, 
selecting   and then  . When the Control Panel is 
shown, click the Power Options   icon to show Power Properties.  
 
 
 
Status  
Description  
Good   Good Battery Level  
Low  
Low Battery Level, should be 
charged  
Very Low  
Low Battery Level, must be 
charged

--- Page 16 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 15 
When the battery is almost empty, the “Main Batteries very low” popup will 
appear as shown below, the V-Net  will be automatically power off after this 
popup has been displayed for a short time. 
 
 
 
Battery care 
The NETBOOK battery pack, like all rechargeable batteries, has a limit on the 
number of times it can be recharged. The battery pack’s useful life will depend on 
your environment temperature, humidity, and how your NETBOOK is used. It is 
ideal that the battery be used in a temperature range between 5C and 40C. You 
must also take into account that the NETBOOK internal temperature is higher 
than the outside temperature. Any temperatures above or below this range will 
shorten the life of the battery. But in any case, the battery pack’s usage time will

--- Page 17 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 16 
eventually decrease and a new battery pack must be purchased from an 
authorized dealer for the NETBOOK. Because batteries also have a shelf life, it is 
not recommended to buy extras for storing. 
 
For safety reasons, DO NOT throw the battery in fire, DO NOT short circuit the 
contacts, and DO NOT disassemble the battery. IF there is any abnormal 
operation or damage to the battery pack caused by impact, turn OFF the 
NETBOOK and contact an authorized service center. 
 
Emergency shutdown and reset 
In case your operating system cannot function properly turn OFF or restart your 
NETBOOK. Additional ways to shutdown and reset your NETBOOK: 
Shutdown: Hold the power button until the system shuts down. 
Reset: Press the reset button. Use a pin or a straightened paper clip to press the 
power switch. 
DO NOT use emergency shutdown/reset while data is being written or read; doing so can result in loss or 
destruction of your data.

--- Page 18 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 17 
Keyboard Introduction  
The V-Net uses a standard QWERTY keyboard layout.

--- Page 19 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 18 
The Number Keypad (Blue Symbols on the Keyboard) becomes active when the 
Num Lock key   has been pressed (the NUM Lock status LED will light). 
Pressing the Num Lock again will disable this function.

--- Page 20 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 19 
Keyboard Usage - Special function keys  
 
Function keys varies from model to model, your mini laptop may or may not 
support some of all the special keys. The following defines the colored hot keys 
on the NETBOOK keyboard. The colored commands can only be accessed by

--- Page 21 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 20 
first pressing and holding the functioning key while pressing a key with a colored 
command. Some function icons appear on the OS taskbar after activation. 
 
The hot key locations on the function keys may vary depending on model but the 
functions should remain the same. Follow the icons whenever your hot key 
locations do not match the manual. 
 
•  zzz icon: places the NETBOOK in suspend mode (save to RAM) 
•  Radio tower (F3) Wireless models only: Toggles the internal wireless LAN ON or OFF 
with an on-screen-display. When enabled, the corresponding wireless indicator will light. 
•  Sun down icon (F4): Decreases the display’s brightness. 
•  Sun up icon (F5): Increases the display’s brightness. 
•  Task manager icon (F6): Initiator the task manager to view the application process or 
terminates applications. 
•  Crossed speaker icon (F7) Mutes the speaker 
•  Speaker down icon (F8): Decreases speaker volume. 
•  Speaker up icon: (F9): Increases speaker volume.  
•  Scroll lock: Toggles the “scroll lock” ON and OFF. Allows you to use a larger portion of 
the keyboard for cell navigation. 
•  Num lock: Toggles the numeric keypad (number lock) ON and OFF. Allows use of a 
larger portion of the keyboard for number entering.

--- Page 22 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 21 
•  Page up: press to scroll up in documents or web browser. 
•  Page down: Press to scroll down in documents or web browser 
•  Home: Press to move the cursor to the beginning of the line.  
•  End: Press to move the cursor to the end of the line.  
•  Menu with cursor icon: Activates the properties menu and is equivalent to right-clicking 
the touchpad/mouse on an object. 
 
Touchpad usage 
Clicking/Tapping- With the cursor over an item, press 
the left button or use your fingertip to touch the 
touchpad lightly, keeping your finger on the touchpad 
until the item is selected. The selected item will change 
color.  
 
Double Clicking/ Double tapping: This is a common skill for launching a 
program directly from the corresponding icon you select. Move the cursor over 
the icon you wish to execute, press the left button or tap the pad twice in rapid 
succession, and the system launches the corresponding program. If the interval 
between the clicks or taps is too long, the operation will not be executed.

--- Page 23 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 22 
Dragging-  Dragging means to pick up an item and place it anywhere on the 
screen you wish. You can move the cursor over the item you select, and while 
keeping the left button depressed, moving the cursor to desired location, then 
release the button. Or, you can simply double-tap on the item and hold while 
dragging the item with your fingertip. 
 
Using SD Cards 
1. Please insert the SD Card (Brand name side face down) into the Card slot as 
shown below.

--- Page 24 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 23 
Push the SD Card into the slot until it “clicks” into place to confirm the card is in 
correctly and locked into position. To view documents on the SD Card:  
1. Double Click “My Computer” on desktop 
2. Double click the   icon as to view the files stored on the SD Card.  
3. Files or applications stored on the SD Card can be opened or run directly 
from the Card or copied to the main system drive.  
 
To remove the SD card：  
1. Close any applications or documents which have been opened from the SD 
Card.  
2. Lightly press the card, it will part eject automatically, remove the card from 
the slot.  
 
Note：  
1. Please insert the card the right way round and don’t try to force a card into the slot.  
2. If an SD Card has been locked, the V-Net cannot format or copy data to the card.  
3. Please do not repeatedly insert and remove the card, this may cause damage to the card.

--- Page 25 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 24 
 
Using Applications 
System applications can be started either by clicking on the icon of the relative 
application on the Desktop, or by clicking the Start button and selecting the 
required program from the Programs Menu.  
1.  Open through “Start” Menu，Click “Start”

--- Page 26 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 25 
 
2.  Double click the required Program 
 
In order to use the V-Net in most efficient way, it is suggested not to start too many programs at the same 
time, or have too many Internet Explorer windows open together. Otherwise the system may start to slow 
down. 
 
Connecting USB Devices  
The V-Net has 3 USB device ports, which can be used to connect to USB 
devices such as Keyboards and Mouse etc.

--- Page 27 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 26 
 
The Side USB Ports are for an external Mouse and Keyboard.  
 
 
The rear USB port is the only port for use with other USB devices such as Flash 
Memory Drives, Optical Drives, MP3 Players, etc. 
 
The V-Net Supports Microsoft Active Sync.  For more information on ActiveSync or Windows Mobile Device 
Center please refer to this web site:  
http://www.microsoft.com/windowsmobile/en-us/help/synchronize/default.mspx

--- Page 28 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 27 
 
Network 
Ethernet LAN Communication 
The V-Net  has a 10/100 Ethernet Port that can be used to connect to a LAN 
(Local Area Network). 
 
 
Once a network has been connected, the network icon will change from   to   
in the Start bar, at the bottom right hand side of the display.  
 
1. Click the “Start” icon.  
 
2. Select “Network Connections” and the 
following will be displayed:

--- Page 29 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 28 
 
3. Select and double click it, the Ethernet Driver Settings screen will appear.  
 
4. Move the pointer to “Obtain an IP address via DHCP” to allow the V-Net to 
automatically be assigned its networking settings from a Router as shown 
below：

--- Page 30 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 29 
5. Click “OK” to confirm the setting.  
6. Network settings can also be manually entered, if “Specify an IP address” is 
selected instead.  
 
Note: Please unplug all the connections before moving the V-Net, as damage may occur if any force is 
applied to these connectors.  
 
Wireless Communication 
Before using the WiFi Connection, please make sure you know the SSID (name 
of the network to which you are going to connect) and security key (such as 
WEP, WPA) assuming the network is secure. 
 
To find out the status of the WiFi Device, 
double click the icon on the menu bar, 
the pictured window will pop up. 
 
 Select “Wireless Information”, then the 
next screen will appear.

--- Page 31 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 30 
 
 
All the wireless routers within range will automatically be detected as shown 
above. Select your router by clicking the router name in the list, such as “link2” 
shown above.  
 
If network doesn’t have password, you can click   to start the 
connection, if successful, the Dialog box ”Wireless Information” will show the 
related information such as connection status, signal strength as shown below:

--- Page 32 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 31 
 
 
If the connection is successful, the menu bar icon will change from   to   this 
icon will flash during data transfer. If security Encryption is enabled on the 
Wireless Network you are connecting to, the Wireless Network Properties screen 
will be shown. This will require the Encryption type to be chosen, two Security 
types are supported, WEP (16 bit and32 bit), and WPA-PSK.  
 
Note: The Security Key may be printed on a sticker on the Wireless Router, or it 
may have been supplied with the documentation you received with the

--- Page 33 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 32 
equipment. If not please contact your service provider or whoever setup the 
Router to obtain the correct information for your wireless network. 
 
Please enter the Password in the “Network Key” box as below:  
 
 
 
After confirming the settings by clicking “OK”, it will go back to “GSPI86861” 
interface. Click   to make the connection. If the connection fails, this 
may be because the wrong password has been entered.

--- Page 34 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 33 
You can also try deleting all the detected router names (by right click and 
selecting “delete”), then switch the WiFi off and on again, then entering related 
data for your wireless network and repeat the procedure for your wireless 
network name again as described before.  
 
To delete a detected wireless network, in the window “GSPI86861”, press the 
right button once the correct wireless network has been selected as shown:

--- Page 35 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 34 
Select the “Delete” option  
 
 
 
Note: It is recommended switching off WiFi when not in use, this will save power consumption and allow the 
battery to last longer. 
 
System Settings 
Control panel 
System Settings allow you to make changes to many of the systems settings like 
system clock, date, sound, security and power settings. All the possible settings 
are described below. System Settings allow you to make changes to many of the

--- Page 36 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 35 
systems settings like system clock, date, sound, security and power settings. All 
the possible settings are described below.  Double click “Control Panel” folder in 
“My Computer.” 
 
Certificates (optional) 
Certificates are used to create trusted relationships between the V-Net and other 
Servers. To review and modify the system device certificates, click the Start 
button, click “Settings” and then click “Control Panel”, finally select “Certificates”. 
The Certificates window will appear as shown below:

--- Page 37 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 36 
 
Date/Time 
To modify the Date, Time, and Regional time zone information, double click clock 
in the bottom right hand corner of the Menu bar. The Date/Time Properties 
window will appear as shown below: 
 
 
 
Display (optional) 
To change the wallpaper background, default appearance and Backlight settings, 
move the pointer on to some empty space on the desktop background and press

--- Page 38 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 37 
the right button and select properties, The Display Properties window will appear 
as shown below: 
 
 
 
The background wallpaper can be changed by selecting a different image from 
the pull down image list or by clicking the Browse button and selecting an image 
file to use. Appearance and Backlight level can also be set from the relevant tabs 
within the Display Properties window. Please note that the wallpaper picture 
should be stored on the “NAND Flash” drive for the setting to be retained after 
the V-Net has been shut down.

--- Page 39 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 38 
Internet Options 
All the options for Internet Explorer can be managed within Internet Options, 
including the default Start Page, Search Page, Security and Privacy Settings as 
well as Popup blocking 
.  
Click the Start button, click “Settings” and then click “Control Panel”, finally select 
“Internet Options”. The Internet Options window will appear as shown below: 
 
 
 
TIPS: Users are recommended the default and not alter the network setting rashly. The ex-works set 
defaults have been adjusted to the optimum status. Advanced level users can set upon their own conditions.

--- Page 40 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 39 
 
Keyboard 
Double click “Keyboard” icon on the “Control Panel.” This is much the same as 
the function of “Keyboard” in “Control Panel” of PC. The function is mainly used 
to adjust the repeat input of soft keyboard and the setting of repeat delay time. A 
test dialog is available to test your setting. 
 
 
 
The “enable character repeat” in the interface is the choice box of “enable 
character repeat”, “Repeat Delay” is for retting repeat rate. The white zone in the 
bottom is a zone to test the two setting by clicking the zone and pressing a key.

--- Page 41 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 40 
Mouse (optional) 
Double click “Mouse” icon on the “Control Panel.”  
Double click the grid icon above to set the mouse double-click speed. 
Double-click the icon below to test the mouse double-click setting. 
 
 
 
Network dial-up connections 
Double click “Network dial-up connections” icon on the “Control Panel.” Double-
click and set your setting for the internet, these settings are provided by your 
internet service provider. Set your TCP IP setting.

--- Page 42 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 41 
Owner 
Double click “Owner” icon on the “Control Panel.” Set and display the owner 
properties information of the current system.  Use the notes field to add any 
additional information not included in the options. 
 
IMPORTANT: Windows CE uses this information to gain access to network resources, enter the user name, 
password and domain provided by your network administrator. 
 
Regional Settings 
Double click “Regional Settings” icon on the “Control Panel.” This will display the 
current regional settings and region where the setting is.  “User interface 
Language” and “Input Language” are default setting of the system.

--- Page 43 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 42 
 
Installing / Remove Programs 
You can add more functionality to your V-Net by installing third party software. A 
wide variety of commercial software is available for the MS Windows CE 5.0 
operating system, ranging from business applications and system utilities, to 
games and entertainment. The only programs that will run on your V-Net  are 
those designed specifically for MS Windows CE 5.0 running on the ARM 
processor. You cannot run programs designed for Windows 2000 / XP / Vista or 
other Windows Mobile platforms like Pocket PC or Windows Mobile 6.  
 
Programs can either be designed for direct installation, in which case you can 
download and install the program from the Web to your V-Net. Or the software 
may need the installation files loaded onto your desktop PC for installation via 
ActiveSync (Windows 2000 / XP) or Windows Mobile Device Center (Vista), as 
described in the following procedure. The software developer's Web site should 
provide instructions for installing the program.  
 
If the program includes an installer program (typically named Setup.exe or 
Install.exe), double-click the installer program on the desktop PC and installation

--- Page 44 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 43 
wizard will begin. Follow the directions on the screen. Once the software has 
been installed on your desktop computer, the installer will automatically transfer 
the software to your device when it is connected via the USB cable.  
 
Installed programs can be removed from the V-Net by Clicking the Start button, 
click “Settings” and then click “Control Panel”, finally select “Remove Programs”. 
 
Programs can also be removed within ActiveSync or by selecting Add/Remove 
Programs from the Tools menu. Or within Mobile Device Center under Programs 
and Services, click >>more and select Add/Remove Programs. The Add/Remove 
Programs window will appear. 
 
PC connection (optional) 
Double click “PC Connection” icon on the “Control Panel.”  User can 
Enable/Disable direct connection to the desktop computer. For connection with 
desktop computer use USB. 
TIP: The band rate of the device and computer must be the same. 
 
Memory Management

--- Page 45 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 44 
Some of the systems memory on your V-Net is allocated between storage 
memory and program memory. You can specify how much of the total memory is 
used for storage and how much is used for running programs. If you notice that 
your V-Net is running slowly or that your programs do not run as expected, try 
increasing program memory. If you need more memory for files and documents, 
increase storage memory.  
 
To adjust memory allocation click the Start button, click “Settings” and then click 
“Control Panel”, finally select “System”. The System window will appear as 
shown below:

--- Page 46 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 45 
Click on the Memory tab, move the slider to the left to increase program memory, 
or move the slider to the right to increase storage memory. 
 
System 
Double click “System” icon on the “Control Panel.” Display the system properties 
of the system, e.g. process type, memory size, etc. Memory size can be altered 
here. User can perform the operations following the prompts on the tab.

--- Page 47 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 46 
Storage 
Storage devices can be managed within “Store info”. Select the storage device 
and the total capacity, unallocated capacity, and sector size, etc, can be checked 
The selected device can be formatted and dismounted in this window.  
 
Click the Start button, click “Settings” and then click “Control Panel”, finally select 
“System”. The Storage Properties windows will appear as shown below:

--- Page 48 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 47 
Volume and Sounds 
Double click “Volume and Sounds” icon on the “Control Panel.” Display and set 
the volume and sound scheme of the current user. 
 
 
 
Power 
Double click “Power” icon on the “Control Panel.” “Percentage of power left in 
main batteries” is the display of percentage of power left in the main batteries. 
“Main batteries were installed on” is the charging time of the batteries. “Total 
amount of time on main batteries” is the time left that the batteries have of 
working.

--- Page 49 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 48 
 
“Power scheme” is the power application scheme. Battery power or AC power! 
“Switch state to user idle” is to switch state to user idle. “switch state to system 
idle” is to switch state to system idle. “Switch state to Suspend” is to switch state 
to suspend, i.e. auto shutdown time. 
NOTE: The planning of integral power of this mini laptop is much the same as the “Power” management in 
control panel of PC. Advance level users can set upon their specific conditions. 
 
Password 
Double click “Password” icon on the “Control Panel.”  This is used to protect 
privacy and data security. Power on password or screen saver password 
protection can be set. “At power on” is password protection when it  is power on. 
“Screen Saver” is password protection for screen saver.

--- Page 50 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 49 
System Reset  
During use the V-Net  may encounter a system hang or abnormal operation 
condition. If this occurs, please use a small pointer to push the reset switch on 
the bottom of V-Net. This will reset the system, but won’t cause any loss to saved 
data. After resetting the V-Net please power on the machine to start using it. 
 
 
 
If any time in the future you should need to dispose of this product please note 
that: Waste electrical product should not be disposed of with household waste.

--- Page 51 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 50 
Please recycle where facilities exist. Check with your local authority or retailer for 
recycling advice. (Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive) 
 
Safety precautions 
The following safety precautions will increase the life of the NETBOOK. Follow all precautions and 
instructions. Except as described in this manual, refer all servicing to qualified personnel. Do not use 
damaged power cords, accessories, or other peripherals. Do not use strong solvents such as thinners, 
benzene, or other chemicals on or near the surface.  
 
Disconnect the AC power and remove the battery packs before cleaning. Wipe the NETBOOK using a clean 
cellulose sponge or chamois cloth dampened with a solution of nonabrasive detergent and a few drops of 
warm water and remove any extra moisture with a dry cloth. 
 
•  DO NOT place on uneven or unstable work surfaces. Seek servicing if the casing has been 
damaged.  
•  DO NOT leave the NETBOOK on your lap or any part of the body to prevent discomfort or injury 
from heat exposure  
•  DO NOT press or touch the display panel. Do not place together with small items that may scratch 
or enter the NETBOOK. 
•  DO NOT place or drop objects on top and do not shove any foreign objects into the NETBOOK. 
•  DO NOT expose to strong magnetic or electrical fields.  
•  DO NOT expose to or use near liquids, rain, or moisture.  
•  DO NOT use the modem during electrical storms.

--- Page 52 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 51 
•  DO NOT carry or cover a NETBOOK that is powered on with any material that will reduce air 
circulation such as a carrying bag. 
•  SAFE TEMP: This NETBOOK should only be used in environments with ambient temperatures 
between 5C and 40C. 
•  INPUT RATING: Refer to the rating label on the bottom of the NETBOOK and be sure that your 
power adapter complies with the rating. 
 
Transportation Precautions 
To prepare the NETBOOK for transport, you should turn it OFF and disconnect all external peripherals to 
prevent damage to the connectors. Therefore, you should not transport the NETBOOK while the power is 
still ON. Close the display panel and check that it is latched securely in the closed position to protect the 
keyboard and display panel.  
 
The NETBOOK’s surface is easily dulled if not properly cared for. Be careful not to rub or scrape surfaces 
when  transporting your NETBOOK. You can purchase an optional carrying case for protection from dirt, 
water, shock, and scratches. 
 
Airplane Precautions 
Contact your airline if you want to use the NETBOOK on the airplane. Most airlines have restrictions for 
using electronic devices. Most airline allow electronic use only between and not during take offs and 
landings. 
 
There are three main types of airport security devices: X-ray machines (used on items placed on conveyor 
belts), magnetic detectors (used on people walking through security checks), and magnetic wands (hand-
held devices used on people or individual items). You can send your NETBOOK and diskettes through

--- Page 53 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 52 
airport X-ray machines. However, it is recommended that you do not send your NETBOOK or diskettes 
through airport magnetic detectors or expose them to magnetic wands.  
 
The programs that control this product are copyrighted and all rights are reserved.  Reproduction, 
adaptation, or translation of those programs without prior written permission of Visual Land is also 
prohibited. 
 
Microsoft ActiveSync, Outlook, Windows, Windows CE 5.0, the Windows logo and the MS 
Windows CE logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the 
United States and/or other countries. 
 
Microsoft products are licensed to OEMs by Microsoft Licensing, Inc. A wholly owned subsidiary 
of Microsoft Corporation. 
 
All other brand names and product names used in this document are trade names, service marks, 
trademarks, or registered trademarks of their respective owners.

--- Page 54 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 53 
WARRANTY 
VISUAL LAND INC. warrants this product against defects in material or workmanship for the time periods 
and as set forth below. Pursuant to this Limited Warranty, VISUAL LAND will, at its option, (i) repair the 
product using new or refurbished parts or (ii) replace the product with a new or refurbished product. For 
purposes of this Limited Warranty, "refurbished" means a product or part that has been returned to its 
original specifications. In the event of a defect, these are your exclusive remedies. 
 
Term: For a period of 90 days from the original date of purchase of the product, VISUAL LAND will, at its 
option, repair or replace with new or refurbished product or parts, any product or parts determined to be 
defective. This Limited Warranty covers only the hardware components packaged with the Product. It does 
not cover technical assistance for hardware or software usage and it does not cover any software products 
whether or not contained in the Product; any such software is provided "AS IS" unless 
expressly provided for in any enclosed software Limited Warranty. Please refer to the End User License 
Agreements included with the Product for your rights and obligations with respect to the software. 
 
Instructions: To obtain warranty service, you must deliver the product, freight prepaid, in either its original 
packaging or packaging affording an equal degree of protection to the VISUAL LAND authorized service 
facility specified. It is your responsibility to backup any data, software or other materials you may 
have stored or preserved on your unit. It is likely that such data, software, or other materials will be 
lost or reformatted during service and VISUAL LAND will not be responsible for any such damage or 
loss. A dated purchase receipt is required. For specific instructions on how to obtain warranty service for 
your product, product support, online knowledge database, frequently asked questions and free updates via 
the Internet: 
Visit VISUAL LAND's Web Site: http://www.visual-land.com

--- Page 55 ---
Visual Land V-NET Netbook 
Copyright ©2009 Visual Land Inc.                           www.visual-land.com  Page | 54 
Repair/Replacement Warranty: This Limited Warranty shall apply to any repair, replacement part or 
replacement product for the remainder of the original Limited Warranty. Any parts or product replaced under 
this Limited Warranty will become the property of VISUAL LAND. 
 
This Limited Warranty only covers product issues caused by defects in material or workmanship during 
ordinary consumer use; it does not cover product issues caused by any other reason, including but not 
limited to product issues due to commercial use, acts of God, misuse, limitations of technology, or 
modification of or to any part of the VISUAL LAND product. This Limited Warranty does not cover VISUAL 
LAND products sold AS IS or WITH ALL FAULTS or consumables (such as fuses or batteries). This Limited 
Warranty is invalid if the factory-applied serial number has been altered or removed from the product. This 
Limited Warranty is valid only in the country of purchase, the United States of America. 
LIMITATION ON DAMAGES: VISUAL LAND SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES FOR BREACH OF ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OR 
CONDITION ON THIS PRODUCT. 
DURATION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES: EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE 
LAW, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ON THIS PRODUCT IS LIMITED IN DURATION TO THE DURATION OF THIS 
WARRANTY. 
 
Some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, 
or allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitations or exclusions may not 
apply to you. This Limited Warranty gives you specific legal rights and you may have other rights which vary 
from state to state or jurisdiction to jurisdiction. 
 
All information is subject to change without notice.

