Brand: IBM
Model: Thinkcentre M55
URL: https://www.manua.ls/ibm/thinkcentre-m55/manual
Total Pages: 94
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
User  Guid e    
Ty pe s   8011,  8793,  8797,  8801 
Ty pe s   8805,  8810,  8814

--- Page 3 ---
User  Guid e    
Ty pe s   8011,  8793,  8797,  8801 
Ty pe s   8805,  8810,  8814

--- Page 4 ---
Note 
Before  using  this  information  and  the  product  it  supports,  be  sure  to  read  the  “Important  safety  information”  on  page  v  and 
Appendix  B,  “Notices,”  on  page  73.
First  Edition  (May  2006) 
©  Copyright  Lenovo  2005,  2006. 
Portions  ©  Copyright  International  Business  Machines  Corporation  2005. 
All  rights  reserved. 
U.S.  GOVERNMENT  USERS  –  RESTRICTED  RIGHTS:  Our  products  and/or  services  are  provided  with 
RESTRICTED  RIGHTS.  Use,  duplication  or  disclosure  by  the  Government  is  subject  to  the  GSA  ADP  Schedule 
contract  with  Lenovo  Group  Limited,  if  any,  or  the  standard  terms  of  this  commercial  license,  or  if  the  agency  is 
unable  to  accept  this  Program  under  these  terms,  then  we  provide  this  Program  under  the  provisions  set  forth  in 
Commercial  Computer  Software–Restricted  Rights  at  FAR  52.227-19,  when  applicable,  or  under  Rights  in 
Data-General,  FAR  52.227.14  (Alternate  III).

--- Page 5 ---
Contents 
Important  safety  information  .  .  .  .  .  .v 
Conditions  that  require  immediate  action  .  .  .  .  .v 
General  safety  guidelines   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .vi 
Service   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .vi 
Power  cords  and  power  adapters   .  .  .  .  .  . vii 
Extension  cords  and  related  devices   .  .  .  .  . viii 
Plugs  and  outlets   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . viii 
Batteries   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . viii 
Heat  and  product  ventilation   .  .  .  .  .  .  .ix 
CD  and  DVD  drive  safety  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .ix 
Additional  safety  information .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .x 
Lithium  battery  notice   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .x 
Modem  safety  information   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .xi 
Laser  compliance  statement   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .xi 
Power  supply  statement   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . xii 
Introduction   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . xiii 
Chapter  1.  Arranging  your  workspace   .  .1 
Comfort   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .1 
Glare  and  lighting   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .1 
Air  circulation   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .2 
Electrical  outlets  and  cable  lengths   .  .  .  .  .  .  .2 
Chapter  2.  Setting  up  your  computer   .  .3 
Connecting  your  computer   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .3 
Turning  on  power   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .8 
Finishing  the  software  installation   .  .  .  .  .  .  .8 
Completing  important  tasks   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .8 
Updating  your  operating  system  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .9 
Installing  other  operating  systems   .  .  .  .  .  .  .9 
Updating  your  antivirus  software   .  .  .  .  .  .  .9 
Shutting  down  the  computer   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .9 
Chapter  3.  Installing  options   .  .  .  .  .11 
Features   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .11 
Available  options   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .14 
Specifications  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .15 
Supported  operating  positions   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .16 
Tools  required   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .17 
Handling  static-sensitive  devices   .  .  .  .  .  .  .17 
Installing  external  options   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .18 
Locating  connectors  on  the  front  of  your 
computer   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .18 
Locating  connectors  on  the  rear  of  your  computer  19 
Obtaining  device  drivers   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .20 
Opening  the  cover   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .21 
Locating  components   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .22 
Identifying  parts  on  the  system  board   .  .  .  .  .23 
Installing  memory   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .24 
Installing  PCI  adapters   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .25 
Installing  internal  drives   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .27 
Drive  specifications  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .28 
Installing  a  drive  in  bay  1   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .29 
Connecting  drives   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .30 
Installing  a  diskette  drive  in  bay  2  .  .  .  .  .  .32 
Security  features  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .34 
Identifying  security  locks  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .34 
Rope  Clip   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .35 
Integrated  cable  lock   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .36 
Password  protection   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .36 
Changing  the  battery   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .37 
Erasing  a  lost  or  forgotten  password  (clearing 
CMOS)   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .38 
Closing  the  cover  and  connecting  the  cables   .  .  .39 
Chapter  4.  Recovering  software   .  .  .  .41 
Creating  and  using  product  recovery  discs   .  .  .  .41 
Backup  and  recovery   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .42 
Using  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace  .  .  .  .43 
Solving  recovery  problems   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .44 
Creating  and  using  rescue  media   .  .  .  .  .  .  .44 
Creating  and  using  a  Recovery  Repair  diskette   .  .45 
Recovering  or  installing  device  drivers   .  .  .  .  .46 
Setting  a  rescue  device  in  the  startup  sequence  46 
Chapter  5.  Using  the  Setup  Utility   .  .  .49 
Starting  the  Setup  Utility  program  .  .  .  .  .  .  .49 
Viewing  and  changing  settings   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .49 
Using  passwords   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .49 
Password  considerations   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .49 
User  Password   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .50 
Administrator  Password   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .50 
Setting,  changing,  and  deleting  a  password  .  .  .50 
Selecting  a  startup  device  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .50 
Selecting  a  temporary  startup  device   .  .  .  .  .50 
Changing  the  startup  device  sequence   .  .  .  .51 
Advanced  settings   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .51 
Exiting  from  the  Setup  Utility  program   .  .  .  .  .51 
Chapter  6.  Updating  system  programs  53 
Using  system  programs   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .53 
Updating  (flashing)  BIOS  from  a  diskette   .  .  .  .53 
Chapter  7.  Troubleshooting  and 
diagnostics  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .55 
Basic  troubleshooting   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .55 
Diagnostic  programs   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .56 
PC-Doctor  for  Windows   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .57 
PC-Doctor  for  DOS  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .57 
Cleaning  the  mouse   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .58 
Optical  mouse   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .59 
Non-optical  mouse   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .59 
Chapter  8.  Getting  information,  help, 
and  service  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .61 
Information  resources   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .61 
Online  Books  folder   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .61 
 
©  Lenovo  2005,  2006.  Portions  ©  IBM  Corp.  2005.  iii

--- Page 6 ---
ThinkVantage  Productivity  Center  .  .  .  .  .  .61 
Access  Help   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .62 
Warranty  and  safety   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .62 
www.lenovo.com   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .62 
Help  and  service   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .62 
Using  the  documentation  and  diagnostic 
programs   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .63 
Calling  for  service   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .63 
Using  other  services   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .64 
Purchasing  additional  services   .  .  .  .  .  .  .64 
Appendix  A.  Manual  modem 
commands   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .65 
Basic  AT  commands   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .65 
Extended  AT  commands   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .67 
MNP/V.42/V.42bis/V.44  commands   .  .  .  .  .  .68 
Fax  Class  1  commands   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .69 
Fax  Class  2  commands   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .69 
Voice  commands .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .70 
Appendix  B.  Notices   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .73 
Television  output  notice   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .74 
Trademarks   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .74 
Index   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .75
 
iv  User  Guide

--- Page 7 ---
Important  safety  information 
 
 
Note 
Please  read  the  following  important  safety  information  first.
 This  information  can  help  you  safely  use  your  desktop  or  notebook  personal 
computer.  Follow  and  retain  all  information  included  with  your  computer.  The 
information  in  this  document  does  not  alter  the  terms  of  your  purchase  agreement 
or  the  Lenovo
™
 
Statement  of  Limited  Warranty.  For  more  information,  refer  to  the 
warranty  and  safety  information  that  is  provided  with  your  computer. 
Customer  safety  is  important.  Our  products  are  developed  to  be  safe  and  effective. 
However,  personal  computers  are  electronic  devices.  Power  cords,  power  adapters, 
and  other  features  can  create  potential  safety  risks  that  can  result  in  physical  injury 
or  property  damage,  especially  if  misused.  To  reduce  these  risks,  follow  the 
instructions  included  with  your  product,  observe  all  warnings  on  the  product  and 
in  the  operating  instructions,  and  review  the  information  included  in  this 
document  carefully.  By  carefully  following  the  information  contained  in  this 
document  and  provided  with  your  product,  you  can  help  protect  yourself  from 
hazards  and  create  a  safer  computer  work  environment. 
Note:   This  information  includes  references  to  power  adapters  and  batteries.  In 
addition  to  notebook  computers,  some  products  (such  as  speakers  and 
monitors)  ship  with  external  power  adapters.  If  you  have  such  a  product, 
this  information  applies  to  your  product.  In  addition,  your  computer 
product  contains  a  coin-sized  internal  battery  that  provides  power  to  your 
system  clock  even  when  the  machine  is  unplugged,  so  the  battery  safety 
information  applies  to  all  computers. 
Conditions  that  require  immediate  action 
Products  can  become  damaged  due  to  misuse  or  neglect.  Some  product  damage 
is  serious  enough  that  the  product  should  not  be  used  again  until  it  has  been 
inspected  and,  if  necessary,  repaired  by  an  authorized  servicer. 
As  with  any  electronic  device,  pay  close  attention  to  the  product  when  it  is 
turned  on.  On  very  rare  occasions,  you  might  notice  an  odor  or  see  a  puff  of 
smoke  or  sparks  vent  from  your  machine.  Or  you  might  hear  sounds  like 
popping,  cracking,  or  hissing.  These  conditions  might  merely  mean  that  an 
internal  electronic  component  has  failed  in  a  safe  and  controlled  manner.  Or, 
they  might  indicate  a  potential  safety  issue.  However,  do  not  take  risks  or 
attempt  to  diagnose  the  situation  yourself.  Contact  the  Customer  Support  Center 
for  further  guidance.  For  a  list  of  Service  and  Support  phone  numbers,  refer  to 
the  warranty  and  safety  information  that  is  provided  with  your  computer. 
Frequently  inspect  your  computer  and  its  components  for  damage,  wear,  or  signs 
of  danger.  If  you  have  any  questions  about  the  condition  of  a  component,  do  not 
use  the  product.  Contact  the  Customer  Support  Center  or  the  product 
manufacturer  for  instructions  on  how  to  inspect  the  product  and  have  it 
repaired,  if  necessary. 
 
©  Lenovo  2005,  2006.  Portions  ©  IBM  Corp.  2005.  v

--- Page 8 ---
In  the  unlikely  event  that  you  notice  any  of  the  following  conditions,  or  if  you 
have  any  safety  concerns  with  your  product,  stop  using  the  product  and  unplug 
it  from  the  power  source  and  telecommunication  lines  until  you  can  speak  to  the 
Customer  Support  Center  for  further  guidance. 
v    Power  cords,  plugs,  power  adapters,  extension  cords,  surge  protectors,  or  power 
supplies  that  are  cracked,  broken,  or  damaged. 
v    Signs  of  overheating,  smoke,  sparks,  or  fire. 
v    Damage  to  a  battery  (such  as  cracks,  dents,  creases),  discharge  from  a  battery,  or 
a  buildup  of  foreign  substances  on  the  battery. 
v    A  cracking,  hissing,  or  popping  sound,  or  strong  odor  that  comes  from  the 
product. 
v    Signs  that  liquid  has  been  spilled  or  an  object  has  fallen  onto  the  computer 
product,  power  cord,  or  power  adapter. 
v    The  computer  product,  power  cord,  or  power  adapter  has  been  exposed  to 
water. 
v    The  product  has  been  dropped  or  damaged  in  any  way. 
v    The  product  does  not  operate  normally  when  you  follow  the  operating 
instructions.
Note:
   If  you  notice  these  conditions  with  a  product  (such  as  an  extension  cord) 
that  is  not  manufactured  for  or  by  Lenovo,  stop  using  that  product  until  you 
can  contact  the  product  manufacturer  for  further  instructions,  or  until  you 
get  a  suitable  replacement. 
General  safety  guidelines 
Always  observe  the  following  precautions  to  reduce  the  risk  of  injury  and  property 
damage. 
Service 
Do  not  attempt  to  service  a  product  yourself  unless  instructed  to  do  so  by  the 
Customer  Support  Center  or  your  documentation.  Only  use  a  service  provider  who 
is  approved  to  repair  your  particular  product. 
Note:   Some  computer  parts  can  be  upgraded  or  replaced  by  the  customer.  These 
parts  are  referred  to  as  Customer  Replaceable  Units,  or  CRUs.  Lenovo 
expressly  identifies  CRUs  as  such,  and  provides  documentation  with 
instructions  when  it  is  appropriate  for  customers  to  replace  those  parts.  You 
must  closely  follow  all  instructions  when  performing  such  replacements. 
Always  make  sure  that  the  power  is  turned  off  and  that  the  product  is 
unplugged  from  any  power  source  before  you  attempt  the  replacement.  For 
more  information  on  CRUs,  refer  to  the  warranty  and  safety  information 
that  is  provided  with  your  computer.  If  you  have  any  questions  or  concerns, 
contact  the  Customer  Support  Center. 
Although  there  are  no  moving  parts  in  your  computer  after  the  power  cord  has 
been  disconnected,  the  following  warnings  are  required  for  proper  UL  certification. 
 
vi  User  Guide

--- Page 9 ---
Danger 
  
 
Hazardous  moving  parts.  Keep  fingers  and  other  body  parts  away. 
 
 
Attention 
  
 
Before  replacing  any  CRUs,  turn  off  the  computer  and  wait  three  to  five 
minutes  to  let  the  computer  cool  before  opening  the  cover.
Power  cords  and  power  adapters 
Use  only  the  power  cords  and  power  adapters  supplied  by  the  product 
manufacturer. 
The  power  cords  shall  be  safety  approved.  For  Germany,  it  shall  be  H05VV-F,  3G, 
0.75  mm
2
,  or  better.  For  other  countries,  the  suitable  types  shall  be  used 
accordingly. 
Never  wrap  a  power  cord  around  the  power  adapter  or  other  object.  Doing  so  can 
stress  the  cord  in  ways  that  can  cause  the  cord  to  fray,  crack,  or  crimp.  This  can 
present  a  safety  hazard. 
Always  route  power  cords  so  that  they  will  not  be  walked  on,  tripped  over,  or 
pinched  by  objects. 
Protect  the  power  cords  and  power  adapters  from  liquids.  For  instance,  do  not 
leave  your  power  cord  or  power  adapter  near  sinks,  tubs,  toilets,  or  on  floors  that 
are  cleaned  with  liquid  cleansers.  Liquids  can  cause  a  short  circuit,  particularly  if 
the  power  cord  or  power  adapter  have  been  stressed  by  misuse.  Liquids  can  also 
cause  gradual  corrosion  of  the  power  cord  terminals  and/or  the  connector 
terminals  on  the  power  adapters  which  can  eventually  result  in  overheating. 
Always  connect  power  cords  and  signal  cables  in  the  correct  order  and  ensure  that 
all  power  cord  connectors  are  securely  and  completely  plugged  into  receptacles. 
Do  not  use  any  power  adapter  that  shows  corrosion  at  the  ac  input  pins  and/or 
shows  signs  of  overheating  (such  as  deformed  plastic)  at  the  ac  input  or  anywhere 
on  the  power  adapter. 
Do  not  use  any  power  cords  where  the  electrical  contacts  on  either  end  show  signs 
of  corrosion  or  overheating  or  where  the  power  cord  appears  to  have  been 
damaged  in  any  way. 
 
Important  safety  information  vii

--- Page 10 ---
Extension  cords  and  related  devices 
Ensure  that  extension  cords,  surge  protectors,  uninterruptible  power  supplies,  and 
power  strips  that  you  use  are  rated  to  handle  the  electrical  requirements  of  the 
product.  Never  overload  these  devices.  If  power  strips  are  used,  the  load  should 
not  exceed  the  power  strip  input  rating.  Consult  an  electrician  for  more 
information  if  you  have  questions  about  power  loads,  power  requirements,  and 
input  ratings. 
Plugs  and  outlets 
If  a  receptacle  (power  outlet)  that  you  intend  to  use  with  your  computer 
equipment  appears  to  be  damaged  or  corroded,  do  not  use  the  outlet  until  it  is 
replaced  by  a  qualified  electrician. 
Do  not  bend  or  modify  the  plug.  If  the  plug  is  damaged,  contact  the  manufacturer 
to  obtain  a  replacement. 
Some  products  are  equipped  with  a  three-pronged  plug.  This  plug  fits  only  into  a 
grounded  electrical  outlet.  This  is  a  safety  feature.  Do  not  defeat  this  safety  feature 
by  trying  to  insert  it  into  a  non-grounded  outlet.  If  you  cannot  insert  the  plug  into 
the  outlet,  contact  an  electrician  for  an  approved  outlet  adapter  or  to  replace  the 
outlet  with  one  that  enables  this  safety  feature.  Never  overload  an  electrical  outlet. 
The  overall  system  load  should  not  exceed  80  percent  of  the  branch  circuit  rating. 
Consult  an  electrician  for  more  information  if  you  have  questions  about  power 
loads  and  branch  circuit  ratings. 
Be  sure  that  the  power  outlet  you  are  using  is  properly  wired,  easily  accessible, 
and  located  close  to  the  equipment.  Do  not  fully  extend  power  cords  in  a  way  that 
will  stress  the  cords. 
Carefully  connect  and  disconnect  the  equipment  from  the  electrical  outlet. 
Batteries 
All  personal  computers  manufactured  by  Lenovo  contain  a  non-rechargeable  coin 
cell  battery  to  provide  power  to  the  system  clock.  In  addition,  many  mobile 
products,  such  as  notebook  computers,  utilize  a  rechargeable  battery  pack  to 
provide  system  power  when  in  portable  mode.  Batteries  supplied  by  Lenovo  for 
use  with  your  product  have  been  tested  for  compatibility  and  should  only  be 
replaced  with  approved  parts. 
Never  attempt  to  open  or  service  any  battery.  Do  not  crush,  puncture,  or  incinerate 
batteries  or  short  circuit  the  metal  contacts.  Do  not  expose  the  battery  to  water  or 
other  liquids.  Only  recharge  the  battery  pack  strictly  according  to  instructions 
included  in  the  product  documentation. 
Battery  abuse  or  mishandling  can  cause  the  battery  to  overheat,  which  can  cause 
gasses  or  flame  to  “vent”  from  the  battery  pack  or  coin  cell.  If  your  battery  is 
damaged,  or  if  you  notice  any  discharge  from  your  battery  or  the  buildup  of 
foreign  materials  on  the  battery  leads,  stop  using  the  battery  and  obtain  a 
replacement  from  the  battery  manufacturer. 
Batteries  can  degrade  when  they  are  left  unused  for  long  periods  of  time.  For  some 
rechargeable  batteries  (particularly  Lithium  Ion  batteries),  leaving  a  battery  unused 
in  a  discharged  state  could  increase  the  risk  of  a  battery  short  circuit,  which  could 
 
viii  User  Guide

--- Page 11 ---
shorten  the  life  of  the  battery  and  can  also  pose  a  safety  hazard.  Do  not  let 
rechargeable  Lithium-Ion  batteries  completely  discharge  or  store  these  batteries  in  a 
discharged  state. 
Heat  and  product  ventilation 
Computers  generate  heat  when  turned  on  and  when  batteries  are  charging. 
Notebook  computers  can  generate  a  significant  amount  of  heat  due  to  their 
compact  size.  Always  follow  these  basic  precautions: 
v    Do  not  leave  the  base  of  your  notebook  computer  in  contact  with  your  lap  or 
any  part  of  your  body  for  an  extended  period  when  the  computer  is  functioning 
or  when  the  battery  is  charging.  Your  computer  produces  some  heat  during 
normal  operation.  Extended  contact  with  the  body  could  cause  discomfort  or, 
potentially,  a  skin  burn. 
v    Do  not  operate  your  computer  or  charge  the  battery  near  flammable  materials  or 
in  explosive  environments. 
v    Ventilation  slots,  fans  and/or  heat  sinks  are  provided  with  the  product  for  safety, 
comfort,  and  reliable  operation.  These  features  might  inadvertently  become 
blocked  by  placing  the  product  on  a  bed,  sofa,  carpet,  or  other  flexible  surface. 
Never  block,  cover  or  disable  these  features.
You
  should  inspect  your  desktop  computer  for  dust  accumulation  at  least  once 
every  three  months.  Before  inspecting  your  computer,  turn  off  the  power  and 
unplug  the  computer’s  power  cord  from  the  electrical  outlet;  then  remove  any  dust 
from  vents  and  perforations  in  the  bezel.  If  you  notice  external  dust  accumulation, 
you  should  also  examine  and  remove  dust  from  the  inside  of  the  computer 
including  heat  sink  inlet  fins,  power  supply  vents,  and  fans.  Always  turn  off  and 
unplug  the  computer  before  opening  the  cover.  If  possible,  avoid  operating  your 
computer  within  2  feet  of  high-traffic  areas.  If  you  must  operate  your  computer  in 
or  near  a  high-traffic  area,  you  should  inspect  and,  if  necessary,  clean  your 
computer  more  frequently. 
For  your  safety  and  to  maintain  optimum  computer  performance,  always  follow 
these  basic  precautions  with  your  desktop  computer: 
v    Keep  the  cover  closed  whenever  the  computer  is  plugged  in. 
v    Regularly  inspect  the  outside  of  the  computer  for  dust  accumulation. 
v    Remove  dust  from  vents  and  any  perforations  in  the  bezel.  More  frequent 
cleanings  might  be  required  for  computers  in  dusty  or  high-traffic  areas. 
v    Do  not  restrict  or  block  any  ventilation  openings. 
v    Do  not  store  or  operate  your  computer  inside  furniture,  as  this  might  increase 
the  risk  of  overheating. 
v    Airflow  temperatures  into  the  computer  should  not  exceed  35°  C  (95°  F). 
v    Do  not  use  non-desktop  air  filtration  devices.
CD  and  DVD  drive  safety 
CD  and  DVD  drives  spin  discs  at  a  high  speed.  If  a  CD  or  DVD  is  cracked  or 
otherwise  physically  damaged,  it  is  possible  for  the  disc  to  break  apart  or  even 
shatter  when  the  CD  and  DVD  drives  are  in  use.  To  protect  against  possible  injury 
due  to  this  situation,  and  to  reduce  the  risk  of  damage  to  your  machine,  do  the 
following: 
v    Always  store  CD  and  DVD  discs  in  their  original  packaging. 
v    Always  store  CD  and  DVD  discs  out  of  direct  sunlight  and  away  from  direct 
heat  sources. 
 
Important  safety  information  ix

--- Page 12 ---
v    Remove  CD  and  DVD  discs  from  the  computer  when  not  in  use. 
v    Do  not  bend  or  flex  CD  and  DVD  discs,  or  force  them  into  the  computer  or  their 
packaging. 
v    Check  CD  and  DVD  discs  for  cracks  before  each  use.  Do  not  use  cracked  or 
damaged  discs.
Additional  safety  information 
 
 
Danger 
Electrical  current  from  power,  telephone,  and  communication  cables  is 
hazardous.
 To  avoid  a  shock  hazard: 
v    Do  not  connect  or  disconnect  any  cables  or  perform  installation,  maintenance, 
or  reconfiguration  of  this  product  during  an  electrical  storm. 
v    Connect  all  power  cords  to  a  properly  wired  and  grounded  electrical  outlet. 
v    Connect  to  properly  wired  outlets  any  equipment  that  will  be  attached  to  this 
product. 
v    When  possible,  use  one  hand  only  to  connect  or  disconnect  signal  cables. 
v    Never  turn  on  any  equipment  when  there  is  evidence  of  fire,  water,  or 
structural  damage. 
v    Disconnect  the  attached  power  cords,  telecommunications  systems,  networks, 
and  modems  before  you  open  the  device  covers,  unless  instructed  otherwise 
in  the  installation  and  configuration  procedures. 
v    Connect  and  disconnect  cables  as  described  in  the  following  table  when 
installing,  moving,  or  opening  covers  on  this  product  or  attached  devices.
 
To  connect: 
1.    Turn  everything  OFF. 
2.    First,  attach  all  cables  to  devices. 
3.    Attach  signal  cables  to  connectors. 
4.    Attach  power  cords  to  outlet. 
5.    Turn  device  ON. 
To  disconnect: 
1.    Turn  everything  OFF. 
2.    First,  remove  power  cords  from  outlet. 
3.    Remove  signal  cables  from  connectors. 
4.    Remove  all  cables  from  devices.
  
Lithium  battery  notice 
 
 
Caution 
Danger  of  explosion  if  battery  is  incorrectly  replaced. 
 When  replacing  the  lithium  coin  cell  battery,  use  only  the  same  or  an  equivalent 
type  that  is  recommended  by  the  manufacturer.  The  battery  contains  lithium  and 
can  explode  if  not  properly  used,  handled,  or  disposed  of. 
Do  not: 
v    Throw  or  immerse  into  water 
v    Heat  to  more  than  100°  C  (212°  F) 
v    Repair  or  disassemble
 
x  User  Guide

--- Page 13 ---
Dispose  of  the  battery  as  required  by  local  ordinances  or  regulations. 
Modem  safety  information 
 
 
Caution 
To  reduce  the  risk  of  fire,  use  only  No.  26  AWG  or  larger 
telecommunication  line  cord. 
 To  reduce  the  risk  of  fire,  electrical  shock,  or  injury  when  using  telephone 
equipment,  always  follow  basic  safety  precautions,  such  as: 
v    Never  install  telephone  wiring  during  a  lightning  storm. 
v    Never  install  telephone  jacks  in  wet  locations  unless  the  jack  is  specifically 
designed  for  wet  locations. 
v    Never  touch  uninsulated  telephone  wires  or  terminals  unless  the  telephone  line 
has  been  disconnected  at  the  network  interface. 
v    Use  caution  when  installing  or  modifying  telephone  lines. 
v    Avoid  using  a  telephone  (other  than  a  cordless  type)  during  an  electrical  storm. 
There  may  be  a  remote  risk  of  electric  shock  from  lightning. 
v    Do  not  use  the  telephone  to  report  a  gas  leak  in  the  vicinity  of  the  leak.
Laser  compliance  statement 
Some  personal  computer  models  are  equipped  from  the  factory  with  a  CD-ROM 
drive  or  a  DVD-ROM  drive.  CD-ROM  drives  and  DVD-ROM  drives  are  also  sold 
separately  as  options.  CD-ROM  drives  and  DVD-ROM  drives  are  laser  products. 
These  drives  are  certified  in  the  U.S.  to  conform  to  the  requirements  of  the 
Department  of  Health  and  Human  Services  21  Code  of  Federal  Regulations  (DHHS 
21  CFR)  Subchapter  J  for  Class  1  laser  products.  Elsewhere,  these  drives  are 
certified  to  conform  to  the  requirements  of  the  International  Electrotechnical 
Commission  (IEC)  60825-1  and  CENELEC  EN  60825-1  for  Class  1  laser  products. 
When  a  CD-ROM  drive  or  a  DVD-ROM  drive  is  installed,  note  the  following 
handling  instructions. 
 
 
Caution 
Use  of  controls  or  adjustments  or  performance  of  procedures  other  than 
those  specified  herein  might  result  in  hazardous  radiation  exposure.
 Do  not  remove  the  drive  covers.  Removing  the  covers  of  the  CD-ROM  drive  or 
DVD-ROM  drive  could  result  in  exposure  to  hazardous  laser  radiation.  There  are 
no  serviceable  parts  inside  the  CD-ROM  drive  or  DVD-ROM  drive. 
Some  CD-ROM  drives  and  DVD-ROM  drives  contain  an  embedded  Class  3A  or 
Class  3B  laser  diode.  Note  the  following  statement. 
 
 
Danger 
Laser  radiation  when  open.  Do  not  stare  into  the  beam,  do  not  view 
directly  with  optical  instruments,  and  avoid  direct  exposure  to  the  beam.
 
Important  safety  information  xi

--- Page 14 ---
Power  supply  statement 
Never  remove  the  cover  on  a  power  supply  or  any  part  that  has  the  following 
label  attached. 
  
 
Hazardous  voltage,  current,  and  energy  levels  are  present  inside  any  component 
that  has  this  label  attached.  There  are  no  serviceable  parts  inside  these  components. 
If  you  suspect  a  problem  with  one  of  these  parts,  contact  a  service  technician. 
 
xii  User  Guide

--- Page 15 ---
Introduction 
This  User  Guide  contains  the  following  information: 
v    Chapter  1,  “Arranging  your  workspace,”  on  page  1  provides  information  about 
setting  up  your  computer  for  comfort  and  the  impact  of  light  sources,  air 
circulation,  and  electrical  outlets. 
v    Chapter  2,  “Setting  up  your  computer,”  on  page  3  provides  information  about 
setting  up  your  computer  and  software  and  operating  system  installation. 
v    Chapter  3,  “Installing  options,”  on  page  11  provides  information  on  the  features 
and  options  that  are  available  for  your  computer. 
v    Chapter  4,  “Recovering  software,”  on  page  41  provides  instructions  on  how  to 
use  the  ThinkVantage
®
 
Rescue  and  Recovery
™
 
program  to  create  product 
recovery  disks,  back  up  data,  recover  software,  and  restore  the  entire  contents  of 
your  hard  disk  to  a  previously  saved  state. 
v    Chapter  5,  “Using  the  Setup  Utility,”  on  page  49  provides  instructions  on  how  to 
view  and  change  the  configuration  settings  of  your  computer. 
v    Chapter  6,  “Updating  system  programs,”  on  page  53  provides  information  about 
updating  POST/BIOS  and  how  to  recover  from  a  POST/BIOS  update  failure. 
v    Chapter  7,  “Troubleshooting  and  diagnostics,”  on  page  55  provides  information 
about  basic  troubleshooting  and  diagnostic  tools  for  your  computer. 
v    Chapter  8,  “Getting  information,  help,  and  service,”  on  page  61  provides 
information  about  the  wide  variety  of  helpful  resources  available  from  Lenovo. 
v    Appendix  A,  “Manual  modem  commands,”  on  page  65  provides  commands  for 
manually  programming  your  modem. 
v    Appendix  B,  “Notices,”  on  page  73  provides  notices  and  trademark  information.
 
©  Lenovo  2005,  2006.  Portions  ©  IBM  Corp.  2005.  xiii

--- Page 17 ---
Chapter  1.  Arranging  your  workspace 
To  get  the  most  from  your  computer,  arrange  both  the  equipment  you  use  and 
your  work  area  to  suit  your  needs  and  the  kind  of  work  you  do.  Your  comfort  is  of 
foremost  importance,  but  light  sources,  air  circulation,  and  the  location  of  electrical 
outlets  also  can  affect  the  way  you  arrange  your  workspace. 
Comfort 
Although  no  single  working  position  is  ideal  for  everyone,  here  are  a  few 
guidelines  to  help  you  find  a  position  that  suits  you  best. 
Sitting  in  the  same  position  for  a  long  time  can  cause  fatigue.  A  good  chair  can 
make  a  big  difference.  The  backrest  and  seat  should  adjust  independently  and 
provide  good  support.  The  seat  should  have  a  curved  front  to  relieve  pressure  on 
the  thighs.  Adjust  the  seat  so  that  your  thighs  are  parallel  to  the  floor  and  your 
feet  are  either  flat  on  the  floor  or  on  a  footrest. 
When  using  the  keyboard,  keep  your  forearms  parallel  to  the  floor  and  your  wrists 
in  a  neutral,  comfortable  position.  Try  to  keep  a  light  touch  on  the  keyboard  and 
your  hands  and  fingers  relaxed.  You  can  change  the  angle  of  the  keyboard  for 
maximum  comfort  by  adjusting  the  position  of  the  keyboard  feet. 
Viewing Distance
Lower
Back
Support
Seat
Height
  
 
Adjust  the  monitor  so  the  top  of  the  screen  is  at,  or  slightly  below,  eye  level.  Place 
the  monitor  at  a  comfortable  viewing  distance,  usually  51  to  61  cm  (20  to  24  in.), 
and  position  it  so  you  can  view  it  without  having  to  twist  your  body.  Also  position 
other  equipment  you  use  regularly,  such  as  the  telephone  or  a  mouse,  within  easy 
reach. 
Glare  and  lighting 
Position  the  monitor  to  minimize  glare  and  reflections  from  overhead  lights, 
windows,  and  other  light  sources.  Even  reflected  light  from  shiny  surfaces  can 
cause  annoying  reflections  on  your  monitor  screen.  Place  the  monitor  at  right 
angles  to  windows  and  other  light  sources,  when  possible.  Reduce  overhead 
lighting,  if  necessary,  by  turning  off  lights  or  using  lower  wattage  bulbs.  If  you 
install  the  monitor  near  a  window,  use  curtains  or  blinds  to  block  the  sunlight.  You 
might  have  to  adjust  the  brightness  and  contrast  controls  on  the  monitor  as  the 
room  lighting  changes  throughout  the  day. 
 
©  Lenovo  2005,  2006.  Portions  ©  IBM  Corp.  2005.  1

--- Page 18 ---
Where  it  is  impossible  to  avoid  reflections  or  to  adjust  the  lighting,  an  antiglare 
filter  placed  over  the  screen  might  be  helpful.  However,  these  filters  might  affect 
the  clarity  of  the  image  on  the  screen;  try  them  only  after  you  have  exhausted 
other  methods  of  reducing  glare. 
Dust  buildup  compounds  problems  associated  with  glare.  Remember  to  clean  your 
monitor  screen  periodically  using  a  soft  cloth  moistened  with  a  nonabrasive  liquid 
glass  cleaner. 
Air  circulation 
Your  computer  and  monitor  produce  heat.  The  computer  has  a  fan  that  pulls  in 
fresh  air  and  forces  out  hot  air.  The  monitor  lets  hot  air  escape  through  vents. 
Blocking  the  air  vents  can  cause  overheating,  which  might  result  in  a  malfunction 
or  damage.  Place  the  computer  and  monitor  so  that  nothing  blocks  the  air  vents; 
usually,  51  mm  (2  in.)  of  air  space  is  sufficient.  Also,  make  sure  the  vented  air  is 
not  blowing  on  someone  else. 
Electrical  outlets  and  cable  lengths 
The  location  of  electrical  outlets  and  the  length  of  power  cords  and  cables  that 
connect  to  the  monitor,  printer,  and  other  devices  might  determine  the  final 
placement  of  your  computer. 
When  arranging  your  workspace: 
v    Avoid  the  use  of  extension  cords.  When  possible,  plug  the  computer  power  cord 
directly  into  an  electrical  outlet. 
v    Keep  power  cords  and  cables  neatly  routed  away  from  walkways  and  other 
areas  where  they  might  get  kicked  accidentally.
For
  more  information  about  power  cords,  see  “Power  cords  and  power  adapters” 
on  page  vii  and  the  warranty  and  safety  information  that  is  provided  with  your 
computer. 
 
2  User  Guide

--- Page 19 ---
Chapter  2.  Setting  up  your  computer 
Before  you  begin,  make  sure  you  set  up  your  computer  in  the  best  possible  work 
area  that  suits  your  needs  and  the  kind  of  work  you  do.  For  more  information, 
refer  to  Chapter  1,  “Arranging  your  workspace,”  on  page  1. 
Note:   Read  “Important  safety  information”  on  page  v  before  you  set  up  your 
computer.  The  precautions  and  guidelines  will  help  you  work  safely. 
Connecting  your  computer 
Use  the  following  information  when  connecting  your  computer.  Look  for  the  small 
connector  icons  on  the  back  of  your  computer. 
If  your  computer  cables  and  connector  panel  have  color-coded  connectors,  match 
the  color  of  the  cable  end  with  the  color  of  the  connector.  For  example,  match  a 
blue  cable  end  with  a  blue  connector  or  a  red  cable  end  with  a  red  connector. 
Note:   Depending  on  your  model  type,  your  computer  might  not  have  all  of  the 
connectors  that  are  described  in  this  section. 
 
1.    Check  the  position  of  the  voltage-selection  switch  on  the  rear  of  the  computer. 
Use  a  ballpoint  pen  to  slide  the  switch,  if  necessary. 
v    If  the  voltage  supply  range  is  100–127  V  ac,  set  the  switch  to  115  V.  
v    If  the  voltage  supply  range  is  200–240  V  ac,  set  the  switch  to  230  V.
115
  
  
 
2.    Connect  the  Universal  Serial  Bus  (USB)  keyboard  cable  to  a  USB  connector. 
  
 
 
 
©  Lenovo  2005,  2006.  Portions  ©  IBM  Corp.  2005.  3

--- Page 20 ---
Note:   Some  models  will  have  keyboards  with  a  fingerprint  reader.  After  you 
setup  and  turn  on  your  computer,  refer  to  the  Access  Help  online  help 
system  for  information  about  your  fingerprint  reader.  See  “Access 
Help”  on  page  62  for  instructions  on  how  to  open  the  online  help 
system. 
 
3.    Connect  the  USB  mouse  cable  to  a  USB  connector. 
  
  
 
4.    Connect  the  monitor  cable  to  the  monitor  connector  on  the  computer. 
v    If  you  have  a  Video  Graphics  Array  (VGA)  Standard  monitor,  connect  the 
cable  to  the  connector  as  shown. 
  
 
Note:   If  your  model  has  two  monitor  connectors,  be  sure  to  use  the 
connector  on  the  accelerated  graphics  port  (AGP)  adapter. 
v    If  you  have  a  digital  video  interface  (DVI)  monitor,  connect  the  cable  to  the 
connector  as  shown. 
  
 
Note:   Your  computer  must  have  an  adapter  installed  that  supports  the  DVI 
monitor.
 
 
4  User  Guide

--- Page 21 ---
5.    If  you  have  a  modem,  connect  the  modem  using  the  following  information. 
L
IN
E
PHONE
P
H
O
N
E
LINE
PHONE
LINE
PHONE
LINE
  
 
 
1  This  illustration  shows  the  two  connections  on  the  back  of  the  computer  that  are 
needed  to  set  up  your  modem. 
2  In  the  United  States  and  other  countries  or  regions  that  use  the  RJ-11  telephone 
outlet,  attach  one  end  of  the  telephone  cable  to  the  telephone  and  the  other  end  to 
the  telephone  connector  on  the  back  of  the  computer.  Attach  one  end  of  the  modem 
cable  to  the  modem  connector  on  the  back  of  the  computer  and  the  other  end  to  the 
telephone  outlet. 
3  In  countries  or  regions  that  do  not  use  RJ-11  telephone  outlets,  a  splitter  or  converter 
is  required  to  attach  the  cables  to  the  telephone  outlet,  as  shown  at  the  top  of  the 
illustration.  You  also  can  use  the  splitter  or  converter  without  the  telephone,  as 
shown  at  the  bottom  of  the  illustration.
  
 
6.    If  you  have  audio  devices,  attach  them  using  the  following  instructions.  For 
more  information  about  speakers,  see  steps  7  and  8  on  page  6. 
  
 
 
1  Audio  line-in  This  connector  receives  audio  signals  from  an  external  audio  device, 
such  as  a  stereo  system. 
2  Audio  line-out  This  connector  sends  audio  signals  from  the  computer  to  external 
devices,  such  as  powered  stereo  speakers. 
3  Microphone  Use  this  connector  to  attach  a  microphone  to  your  computer  when 
you  want  to  record  sound  or  if  you  use  speech-recognition  software. 
4  Headphone  Use  this  connector  to  attach  headphones  to  your  computer  when  you 
want  to  listen  to  music  or  other  sounds  without  disturbing  anyone. 
This  connector  might  be  located  on  the  front  of  the  computer.
  
 
 
Chapter  2.  Setting  up  your  computer  5

--- Page 22 ---
7.    If  you  have  powered  speakers  with  an  ac  adapter,  use  the  following 
instructions. 
  
  
a.    Connect  the  cable  that  runs  between  the  speakers,  if  necessary.  On  some 
speakers,  this  cable  is  permanently  attached. 
b.    Connect  the  ac  adapter  cable  to  the  speaker. 
c.    Connect  the  speakers  to  the  computer. 
d.    Connect  the  ac  adapter  to  the  ac  power  source.
  8.    If  you  have  unpowered  speakers  with  no  ac  adapter,  use  the  following 
instructions. 
  
  
a.    Connect  the  cable  that  runs  between  the  speakers,  if  necessary.  On  some 
speakers,  this  cable  is  permanently  attached. 
b.    Connect  the  speakers  to  the  computer.
  9.    Connect  any  additional  devices  that  you  have.  Your  computer  might  not  have 
all  connectors  that  are  shown. 
1394
1394
  
 
 
6  User  Guide

--- Page 23 ---
1  USB  Use  this  connector  to  attach  a  device  that  requires  a  USB  connection, 
such  as  a  keyboard,  mouse,  scanner,  printer,  or  personal  digital 
assistant  (PDA). 
2  Serial  Use  this  connector  to  attach  an  external  modem,  serial  printer,  or 
other  device  that  uses  a  9-pin  serial  connector. 
3  S-video  Use  this  connector  to  attach  a  television  set  that  has  an  S-Video 
connector.  This  connector  is  present  on  some  high-performance  video 
adapters. 
4  Parallel  Use  this  connector  to  attach  a  parallel  printer  or  any  other  device  that 
requires  a  25-pin  parallel  connection. 
5  Ethernet  Use  this  connector  to  attach  the  computer  to  an  Ethernet-type  local 
area  network  or  to  a  cable  modem. 
Important:  To  operate  the  computer  within  FCC  limits  when  it  is 
connected  to  an  Ethernet  network,  use  a  Category  5  Ethernet  cable. 
6  MIDI/joystick  Use  this  connector  to  attach  a  joystick,  gamepad,  or  a  musical 
instrument  digital  interface  (MIDI)  device  such  as  a  MIDI  keyboard. 
7  IEEE  1394  This  connector  is  sometimes  called  Firewire  because  it  transmits  data 
rapidly.  There  are  two  types  of  IEEE  1394  connectors:  the  4-pin  and 
the  6-pin.  IEEE  1394  offers  connection  to  several  types  of  consumer 
electronics,  including  digital  audio  devices  and  scanners.
  
10.    Connect  the  power  cords  to  properly  grounded  electrical  outlets. 
  
 
Note:   Refer  to  the  Access  Help  online  help  system  for  more  information  about 
connectors.  See  “Access  Help”  on  page  62  for  instructions  on  how  to  open 
the  online  help  system.
 
 
Chapter  2.  Setting  up  your  computer  7

--- Page 24 ---
Turning  on  power 
Turn  on  the  monitor  and  other  external  devices  first,  and  then  turn  on  the 
computer.  When  the  power-on  self-test  (POST)  is  finished,  the  logo  window  closes. 
If  your  computer  has  preinstalled  software,  the  software  installation  program 
starts. 
If  you  experience  any  problems  during  startup,  see  Chapter  7,  “Troubleshooting 
and  diagnostics,”  on  page  55.  For  additional  help,  refer  to  Chapter  8,  “Getting 
information,  help,  and  service,”  on  page  61.  You  can  get  help  and  information  by 
telephone  through  the  Customer  Support  Center.  Refer  to  the  warranty  and  safety 
information  that  is  provided  with  your  computer  for  the  Service  and  Support 
worldwide  telephone  list. 
Finishing  the  software  installation 
 
 
Important 
Read  the  license  agreements  carefully  before  using  the  programs  on  this 
computer.  These  agreements  detail  your  rights,  obligations,  and  warranties  for 
the  software  on  this  computer.  By  using  these  programs,  you  accept  the  terms 
of  the  agreements.  If  you  do  not  accept  the  agreements,  do  not  use  the 
programs.  Instead,  promptly  return  the  entire  computer  for  a  full  refund.
 After  you  start  the  computer  for  the  first  time,  follow  the  instructions  on  the  screen 
to  complete  the  software  installation.  If  you  do  not  complete  the  software 
installation  the  first  time  the  computer  is  turned  on,  unpredictable  results  might 
occur.  When  the  installation  is  complete,  refer  to  the  Access  Help  online  help 
system  to  learn  more  about  your  computer.  See  “Access  Help”  on  page  62  for 
instructions  on  how  to  open  the  online  help  system. 
Note:   Some  models  might  have  a  multilingual  version  of  Microsoft
®
 
Windows
®
 
XP 
Pro  preinstalled.  If  your  computer  has  the  multilingual  version,  you  will  be 
prompted  to  choose  a  language  during  the  initial  installation  process.  After 
installation,  the  language  version  can  be  changed  through  the  Windows 
Control  Panel. 
Completing  important  tasks 
After  you  have  set  up  your  computer,  perform  the  following  tasks,  which  will  save 
you  time  and  trouble  later: 
v    Create  a  diagnostic  CD  image  or  diagnostic  diskettes.  Diagnostic  programs  are 
used  to  test  hardware  components  of  your  computer  and  report 
operating-system-controlled  settings  that  can  cause  hardware  failures.  Making  a 
diagnostic  CD  image  or  diagnostic  diskettes  ahead  of  time  assures  that  you  will 
be  able  to  run  diagnostics  if  the  Recovery  and  Recovery  workspace  becomes 
inaccessible.  For  more  information,  see  “PC-Doctor  for  DOS”  on  page  57. 
v    Record  your  computer  machine  type,  model,  and  serial  number.  If  you  need 
service  or  technical  support,  you  will  probably  be  asked  for  this  information.  For 
further  information,  see  the  warranty  and  safety  information  that  is  provided 
with  your  computer.
 
8  User  Guide

--- Page 25 ---
Updating  your  operating  system 
Microsoft  makes  updates  available  for  various  operating  systems  through  the 
Microsoft  Windows  Update  Web  site.  The  Web  site  automatically  determines  what 
Windows  updates  are  available  for  your  specific  computer  and  lists  those  updates 
only.  Updates  could  include  security  fixes,  new  versions  of  Windows  components 
(such  as  media  player),  fixes  to  other  portions  of  the  Windows  operating  system, 
or  enhancements. 
Refer  to  the  Access  Help  online  help  system  for  more  information  about  updating 
your  operating  system.  See  “Access  Help”  on  page  62  for  instructions  on  how  to 
open  the  online  help  system. 
Installing  other  operating  systems 
If  you  install  your  own  operating  system,  follow  the  instructions  that  come  with 
your  operating  system  CDs  or  diskettes.  Remember  to  install  all  device  drivers 
after  you  install  your  operating  system.  Installation  instructions  are  usually 
provided  with  the  device  drivers. 
Updating  your  antivirus  software 
Your  computer  comes  with  the  Symantec  Client  Security  software  you  can  use  to 
detect  and  eliminate  viruses.  You  should  run  the  LiveUpdate  application  to  get  the 
latest  updates  from  the  Symantec  Client  Security  Web  site.  LiveUpdate  will 
download  the  latest  virus  list  and  Symantec  Client  Security  will  use  the  new  list 
when  it  scans  your  computer  the  next  time. 
Refer  to  the  Access  Help  online  help  system  for  more  information  about  updating 
your  antivirus  software.  See  “Access  Help”  on  page  62  for  instructions  on  how  to 
open  the  online  help  system. 
Shutting  down  the  computer 
When  you  are  ready  to  turn  off  your  computer,  always  follow  the  shutdown 
procedure  for  your  operating  system.  This  prevents  the  loss  of  unsaved  data  or 
damage  to  your  software  programs.  To  shut  down  the  Microsoft  Windows 
operating  system  click  Shut  Down  from  the  Start  menu.  Select  Shut  Down  from 
the  drop  down  menu  and  click  OK. 
 
Chapter  2.  Setting  up  your  computer  9

--- Page 27 ---
Chapter  3.  Installing  options 
  
 
This  chapter  provides  an  introduction  to  the  features  and  options  that  are  available 
for  your  computer.  You  can  expand  the  capabilities  of  your  computer  by  adding 
memory,  adapters,  or  drives.  When  installing  an  option,  use  these  instructions 
along  with  the  instructions  that  come  with  the  option. 
 
 
Important 
Before  you  install  or  remove  any  option,  read  “Important  safety  information” 
on  page  v“Important  safety  information”  on  page  v.  These  precautions  and 
guidelines  will  help  you  work  safely.
Note:   Use  only  the  parts  provided  by  Lenovo. 
Features 
This  section  provides  an  overview  of  the  computer  features  and  preinstalled 
software. 
 
 
System  information 
The  following  information  covers  a  variety  of  models.  For  a  listing  of  features 
for  your  specific  model,  go  to  Chapter  5,  “Using  the  Setup  Utility,”  on  page 
49.
 Microprocessor 
v    Intel
®
 
Pentium
®
 
4  processor  with  HyperThreading  Technology 
v    Intel  Pentium  D  processor 
v    Intel  Celeron
®
 
D  processor 
v    Intel  Core
™
 
2  Duo  processor 
v    Internal  cache  (size  varies  by  model  type)
Memory
 
v    Support  for  four  double  data  rate  dual  inline  memory  modules  (DDR2  DIMMs) 
v    8  Mbit  flash  memory  for  system  programs
 
©  Lenovo  2005,  2006.  Portions  ©  IBM  Corp.  2005.  11

--- Page 28 ---
Internal  drives 
v    3.5-inch,  half-inch  (slim)  diskette  drive  (some  models) 
v    Serial  Advanced  Technology  Attachment  (SATA)  internal  hard  disk  drive 
v    SATA  optical  drive  (some  models)
Video
  subsystem 
v    An  integrated  graphics  controller  for  a  Video  Graphics  Array  (VGA)  monitor 
v    Intel  Graphics  Media  Accelerator  3000  with  dual  display  support 
v    PCI  Express  (x16)  graphics  adapter  connector  on  the  system  board
Audio
  subsystem 
The  integrated  HD  audio  controller  provides  four  audio  connectors. 
v    Microphone  and  headphone  connectors  on  the  front  panel 
v    Line  in  and  line  out  connectors  on  the  rear  panel 
v    Mono  internal  speaker  (some  models)
Connectivity
 
v    10/100/1000  Mbps  integrated  Ethernet  controller 
v    Peripheral  Component  Interconnect  (PCI)  V.90  Data/Fax  modem  (some  models)
System
  management  features 
v    Remote  Program  Load  (RPL)  and  Dynamic  Host  Configuration  Protocol  (DHCP) 
v    Wake  on  LAN
®
 
v    Wake  on  Ring  (in  the  Setup  Utility  program,  this  feature  is  called  Serial  Port 
Ring  Detect  for  an  external  modem) 
v    Remote  Administration 
v    Automatic  power-on  startup 
v    System  Management  (SM)  BIOS  and  SM  software 
v    Ability  to  store  power-on  self-test  (POST)  hardware  test  results
Input/output
  features 
v    25-pin  Extended  Capabilities  Port  (ECP)/Extended  Parallel  Port  (EPP) 
v    Two  9-pin  serial  connectors  (some  models) 
v     Ten  USB  connectors  (two  on  front  panel  and  eight  on  rear  panel) 
v    Ethernet  connector 
v    VGA  monitor  connector 
v    Two  audio  connectors  (line  in  and  line  out)  on  rear  panel 
v    Two  audio  connectors  (microphone  and  headphone)  on  front  panel
Expansion
 
v    Three  drive  bays 
v    Two  32-bit  PCI  adapter  connectors 
v    One  low-profile  PCI  Express  (x16)  adapter  connector
 
 
12  User  Guide

--- Page 29 ---
Power 
v    225  Watt  power  supply  with  manual  voltage  selection  switch 
v    Automatic  50/60  Hz  input  frequency  switching 
v    Advanced  Power  Management  support 
v    Advanced  Configuration  and  Power  Interface  (ACPI)  support
Security
  features 
v    User  and  administrator  passwords  for  BIOS  access 
v    Support  for  the  addition  of  a  rope  clip  (U-bolt) 
v    Support  for  the  addition  of  an  integrated  cable  lock  (Kensington  lock)  to  secure 
the  cover 
v    Keyboard  with  fingerprint  reader  (some  models,  see  the  ThinkVantage 
Productivity  Center  for  more  information) 
v    Startup  sequence  control 
v    Startup  without  diskette  drive,  keyboard,  or  mouse 
v    Unattended  start  mode 
v    Diskette  and  hard  disk  I/O  control 
v    Serial  and  parallel  port  I/O  control 
v    Security  profile  by  device 
v    Cover  presence  switch  (some  models)
Preinstalled
  software
Your
  computer  might  come  with  preinstalled  software.  If  it  does,  an  operating 
system,  device  drivers  to  support  built-in  features,  and  other  support  programs  are 
included. 
Operating  systems,  preinstalled  (varies  by  model) 
Note:   Not  all  countries  or  regions  will  have  these  operating  systems. 
v    Microsoft  Windows  XP  Home 
v    Microsoft  Windows  XP  Professional
Operating  systems,  certified  or  tested  for  compatibility
1
 
(varies  by  model) 
v    Linux
®
 
v    Microsoft  Windows  2000
 
1. The  operating  systems  listed  here  are  being  certified  or  tested  for  compatibility  at  the  time  this  publication  goes  to  press. 
Additional  operating  systems  might  be  identified  by  Lenovo  as  compatible  with  your  computer  following  the  publication  of  this 
booklet.  Corrections  and  additions  to  this  list  are  subject  to  change.  To  determine  if  an  operating  system  has  been  certified  or 
tested  for  compatibility,  check  the  Web  site  of  the  operating  system  vendor. 
 
Chapter  3.  Installing  options  13

--- Page 30 ---
Available  options 
The  following  are  some  available  options: 
v    External  options 
–    Parallel  port  devices,  such  as  printers  and  external  drives 
–    Serial  port  devices,  such  as  external  modems  and  digital  cameras 
–    Audio  devices,  such  as  external  speakers  for  the  sound  system 
–    USB  devices,  such  as  printers,  joysticks,  and  scanners 
–    Security  devices,  such  as  a  rope  clip  and  an  integrated  cable  lock 
–    Monitors
v
    Internal  options 
–    System  memory,  called  dual  inline  memory  modules  (DIMMs) 
–    Peripheral  component  interconnect  (PCI)  adapter 
–    PCI  Express  (x16)  adapter 
–    Optical  drive,  such  as  CD  drives  and  DVD  drives  (some  models) 
–    Hard  disk  drive
For
  the  latest  information  about  available  options,  see  the  Lenovo  Web  site  at 
http://www.lenovo.com/  or  contact  your  reseller  or  marketing  representative. 
 
14  User  Guide

--- Page 31 ---
Specifications 
This  section  lists  the  physical  specifications  for  your  computer. 
 
Dimensions 
   
Width:  350  mm  (13.8  in.) 
   
Height:  107.9  mm  (4.2  in.) 
   
Depth:  385  mm  (15.2  in.)
Weight
 
   
Minimum  configuration  as  shipped:  8.4  kg  (18.5  lbs) 
   
Maximum  configuration:  10.0  kg  (22.0  lbs)
Environment
 
   
Air  temperature: 
   
Operating  at  0  -  3000  ft  (914.4  m):  10°  to  35°C  (50°  to  95°F) 
   
Operating  at  3000  ft  -  7000  ft  (2134  m):  10°  to  32°C  (50°  to  89.6°F) 
   
Non-operating:  10°  to  43°C  (50°  to  110°F)
    Humidity: 
   
Operating:  8%  to  80% 
   
Non-operating:  8%  to  80% 
   
Transit:  8%  to  90%
    Maximum  altitude:  7000  ft  (2133.6  m)
Electrical
  input 
   
Input  voltage: 
   
Low  range: 
   
Minimum:  100  V  ac 
   
Maximum:  127  V  ac 
   
Input  frequency  range:  50/60  Hz 
   
Voltage  switch  setting:  115  V  ac
    High  range: 
   
Minimum:  200  V  ac 
   
Maximum:  240V  ac 
   
Input  frequency  range:  50/60  Hz 
   
Voltage  switch  setting:  230  V  ac
    Input  kilovolt-amperes  (kVA)  (approximate): 
   
Minimum  configuration  as  shipped:  0.09  kVA 
   
Maximum  configuration:  0.38  kVA
  
 
 
Chapter  3.  Installing  options  15

--- Page 32 ---
Supported  operating  positions 
To  provide  proper  air  flow  to  internal  components,  you  must  position  your 
computer  in  one  of  the  positions  as  illustrated  below. 
  
 
Note:   In  the  vertical  position,  the  speaker  vents  should  face  up  to  ensure  optimal 
sound. 
 
 
16  User  Guide

--- Page 33 ---
Tools  required 
To  install  some  options  in  your  computer,  you  might  need  a  flat-blade  or  Phillips 
screwdriver.  Additional  tools  might  be  needed  for  certain  options.  See  the 
instructions  that  come  with  the  option. 
Handling  static-sensitive  devices 
Static  electricity,  although  harmless  to  you,  can  seriously  damage  computer 
components  and  options. 
When  you  add  an  option,  do  not  open  the  static-protective  package  containing  the 
option  until  you  are  instructed  to  do  so. 
When  you  handle  options  and  other  computer  components,  take  these  precautions 
to  avoid  static  electricity  damage: 
v    Limit  your  movement.  Movement  can  cause  static  electricity  to  build  up  around 
you. 
v    Always  handle  components  carefully.  Handle  adapters  and  memory  modules  by 
the  edges.  Never  touch  any  exposed  circuitry. 
v    Prevent  others  from  touching  components. 
v    When  you  install  a  new  option,  touch  the  static-protective  package  containing 
the  option  to  a  metal  expansion-slot  cover  or  other  unpainted  metal  surface  on 
the  computer  for  at  least  two  seconds.  This  reduces  static  electricity  in  the 
package  and  your  body. 
v    When  possible,  remove  the  option  and  install  it  directly  in  the  computer  without 
setting  the  option  down.  When  this  is  not  possible,  place  the  static-protective 
package  that  the  option  came  in  on  a  smooth,  level  surface  and  place  the  option 
on  it. 
v    Do  not  place  the  option  on  the  computer  cover  or  other  metal  surface.
 
 
Chapter  3.  Installing  options  17

--- Page 34 ---
Installing  external  options 
This  section  shows  the  various  external  connectors  on  your  computer  to  which  you 
can  attach  external  options,  such  as  external  speakers,  a  printer,  or  a  scanner.  For 
some  external  options,  you  must  install  additional  software  in  addition  to  making 
the  physical  connection.  When  adding  an  external  option,  use  the  information  in 
this  section  to  identify  the  required  connector,  and  then  use  the  instructions  that 
come  with  the  option  to  help  you  make  the  connection  and  install  any  software  or 
device  drivers  that  are  required  for  the  option. 
Locating  connectors  on  the  front  of  your  computer 
The  following  illustration  shows  locations  of  the  connectors  on  the  front  of  your 
computer. 
  
 
 
1  Headphone  connector  3  USB  connector 
2  Microphone  connector  4  USB  connector
  
 
 
18  User  Guide

--- Page 35 ---
Locating  connectors  on  the  rear  of  your  computer 
The  following  illustration  shows  locations  of  connectors  on  the  rear  of  your 
computer. 
  
 
 
1  Power  cord  connector  9  Serial  connector 
2  Rope  clip  holes  10  Parallel  connector 
3  Serial  connector  (some  models)  11  VGA  monitor  connector 
4  Integrated  cable  lock  12  USB  connectors  (4) 
5  PCI  adapter  connector  13  Audio  line  out  connector 
6  PCI  adapter  connector  14  Audio  line  in  connector 
7  Ethernet  connector  15  PCI  Express  (x16)  graphics  adapter 
connector  (some  models) 
8  USB  connectors  (4)  16  Power  supply  diagnostic  LEDs
  
Note:   Some  connectors  on  the  rear  of  your  computer  are  color-coded  to  help 
determine  where  to  connect  the  cables.
 
Chapter  3.  Installing  options  19

--- Page 36 ---
Connector  Description 
Audio  line  in  connector  Used  to  receive  audio  signals  from  an  external  audio  device, 
such  as  a  stereo  system.  When  you  attach  an  external  audio 
device,  a  cable  is  connected  between  the  audio  line  out 
connector  of  the  device  and  the  audio  line  in  connector  of  the 
computer. 
Audio  line  out  connector  Used  to  send  audio  signals  from  the  computer  to  external 
devices,  such  as  powered  stereo  speakers  (speakers  with 
built-in  amplifiers),  headphones,  multimedia  keyboards,  or  the 
audio  line  in  connector  on  a  stereo  system  or  other  external 
recording  device. 
Ethernet  connector  Used  to  attach  an  Ethernet  cable  for  a  local  area  network 
(LAN). 
Note:  To  operate  the  computer  within  FCC  Class  B  limits,  use 
a  Category  5  Ethernet  cable. 
Parallel  connector  Used  to  attach  a  parallel  printer,  parallel  scanner,  or  other 
devices  that  use  a  25-pin  parallel  connector. 
Serial  connector  Used  to  attach  an  external  modem,  serial  printer,  or  other 
devices  that  use  a  9-pin  serial  connector. 
USB  connectors  Used  to  attach  a  device  that  requires  a  Universal  Serial  Bus 
(USB)  connection,  such  as  a  USB  scanner,  USB  keyboard,  or 
USB  printer.  If  you  have  more  than  ten  USB  devices,  you  can 
purchase  a  USB  hub,  which  you  can  use  to  connect  additional 
USB  devices. 
  
Obtaining  device  drivers 
You  can  obtain  device  drivers  for  operating  systems  that  are  not  preinstalled  at 
http://www.lenovo.com/think/support/  on  the  World  Wide  Web.  Installation 
instructions  are  provided  in  README  files  with  the  device-driver  files. 
 
20  User  Guide

--- Page 37 ---
Opening  the  cover 
 
 
Important 
Read  “Important  safety  information”  on  page  v“Important  safety 
information”  on  page  v  and  “Handling  static-sensitive  devices”  on  page  17 
before  opening  the  computer  cover.
 To  open  the  computer  cover: 
1.    Remove  any  media  (diskettes,  CDs,  or  tapes)  from  the  drives,  shut  down  your 
operating  system,  and  turn  off  all  attached  devices  and  computer. 
2.    Unplug  all  power  cords  from  electrical  outlets. 
3.    Disconnect  all  cables  attached  to  the  computer.  This  includes  power  cords, 
input/output  (I/O)  cables,  and  any  other  cables  that  are  connected  to  the 
computer. 
4.    Remove  any  locking  devices  such  as  an  integrated  cable  lock  that  secure  the 
cover. 
5.    Press  the  buttons  on  the  sides  of  the  computer  and  pivot  the  cover  upward  to 
open  the  computer  as  shown.
  
 
 
 
Chapter  3.  Installing  options  21

--- Page 38 ---
Locating  components 
The  following  illustration  will  help  you  locate  the  various  components  in  your 
computer. 
  
 
 
1  Power  supply  assembly  6  Microprocessor  and  heat  sink 
2  Internal  speaker  7  Memory  module 
3  Diskette  drive  8  PCI  riser  assembly 
4  Optical  drive  9  PCI  Express  (x16)  graphics  adapter 
connector 
5  Hard  disk  drive 
  
 
 
22  User  Guide

--- Page 39 ---
Identifying  parts  on  the  system  board 
The  system  board  (sometimes  called  the  planar  or  motherboard)  is  the  main  circuit 
board  in  your  computer.  It  provides  basic  computer  functions  and  supports  a 
variety  of  devices  that  are  installed  or  that  you  can  install  later. 
The  following  illustration  shows  the  locations  of  parts  on  the  system  board. 
  
 
 
1  Internal  speaker  connector  12  Fan  connector  2 
2  Serial  connector  2  (COM2)  13  Memory  connector  1 
3  PCI  Express  (x16)  graphics 
adapter  connector 
14  Memory  connector  2 
4  Power  supply  connector  15  Memory  connector  3 
5  Diskette  drive  connector  16  Memory  connector  4 
6  12v  power  connector  17  Battery 
7  Temperature  sensor  connector  18  PCI  riser  connector 
8  Microprocessor  heat  sink  19  SATA  IDE  connectors  (3) 
9  Fan  connector  1  20  Clear  CMOS/Recovery  jumper 
10  Front  panel  connector  21  Cover  presence  switch  (some  models) 
11  Microprocessor 
  
 
 
Chapter  3.  Installing  options  23

--- Page 40 ---
Installing  memory 
Your  computer  has  four  connectors  for  installing  double  date  rate  dual  inline 
memory  modules  (DDR2  DIMMs)  that  provide  up  to  a  maximum  of  4.0  GB  of 
system  memory. 
When  installing  memory  modules,  the  following  rules  apply: 
v    Use  1.8  V,   240-pin,  double  data  rate  2  synchronous  dynamic  random  access 
memory  (DDR2  SDRAM). 
v    Use  256  MB,  512  MB,  1.0  GB,  or  2.0  GB  DIMMs  in  any  combination  (up  to 
8.0GB).
Note:
   Only  DDR2  SDRAM  DIMMs  can  be  used. 
To  install  a  memory  module: 
1.    Open  the  computer  cover.  See  “Opening  the  cover”  on  page  21. 
2.    Pivot  the  drive  bay  assembly  upward. 
  
  
3.    Locate  the  memory  connectors.  See  “Identifying  parts  on  the  system  board”  on 
page  23. 
 
24  User  Guide

--- Page 41 ---
4.    Open  the  retaining  clips. 
  
  
5.    Position  the  memory  module  over  the  memory  connector.  Make  sure  that  the 
notch  1  on  the  memory  module  aligns  correctly  with  the  connector  key2  on 
the  system  board.  Push  the  memory  module  straight  down  into  the  connector 
until  the  retaining  clips  close. 
  
 
 
 
What  to  do  next: 
v    To  work  with  another  option,  go  to  the  appropriate  section. 
v    To  complete  the  installation,  go  to  “Closing  the  cover  and  connecting  the 
cables”  on  page  39.
Installing  PCI  adapters 
This  section  provides  information  and  instructions  for  installing  and  removing  PCI 
adapters.  Your  computer  has  a  riser  card  with  two  PCI  adapter  connectors. 
To  install  a  PCI  adapter: 
1.    Open  the  computer  cover.  See  “Opening  the  cover”  on  page  21. 
 
Chapter  3.  Installing  options  25

--- Page 42 ---
2.    While  holding  the  left  rear  of  the  computer  chassis  down,  pull  upward  on  the 
handle  provided  to  remove  the  PCI  riser  and  any  adapters  that  are  currently 
installed. 
  
  
3.    Release  the  adapter  latch  and  remove  the  connector  cover  for  the  appropriate 
expansion  connector. 
4.    Remove  the  adapter  from  its  static-protective  package. 
 
26  User  Guide

--- Page 43 ---
5.    Install  the  adapter  into  the  appropriate  connector  in  the  PCI  riser. 
  
  
6.    Position  the  adapter  latch  to  retain  the  adapters. 
7.    Reinstall  the  PCI  riser  assembly.
 
 
What  to  do  next: 
v    To  work  with  another  option,  go  to  the  appropriate  section. 
v    To  complete  the  installation,  go  to  “Closing  the  cover  and  connecting  the 
cables”  on  page  39.
Installing  internal  drives 
This  section  provides  information  and  instructions  for  installing  and  removing 
internal  drives. 
Internal  drives  are  devices  that  your  computer  uses  to  read  and  store  data.  You  can 
add  drives  to  your  computer  to  increase  storage  capacity  and  to  enable  your 
computer  to  read  other  types  of  media.  Some  of  the  different  drives  that  are 
available  for  your  computer  are: 
v    Serial  Advanced  Technology  Attachment  (SATA)  hard  disk  drives 
v    Parallel  ATA  hard  disk  drives 
v    Optical  drives,  such  as  CD  drives  or  DVD  drives 
v    Removable  media  drives
Note:
   These  different  drives  are  also  referred  to  as  integrated  drive  electronics 
(IDE)  drives. 
Internal  drives  are  installed  in  bays.  In  this  book,  the  bays  are  referred  to  as  bay  1, 
bay  2,  and  so  on. 
When  you  install  an  internal  drive,  it  is  important  to  note  what  type  and  size  of 
drive  that  you  can  install  in  each  bay.  Also,  it  is  important  to  correctly  connect  the 
internal  drive  cables  to  the  installed  drive. 
 
Chapter  3.  Installing  options  27

--- Page 44 ---
Drive  specifications 
Your  computer  comes  with  the  following  installed  drives: 
v    An  optical  drive  in  bay  1  (some  models) 
v    A  3.5-inch  diskette  drive  in  bay  2  (some  models) 
v    A  3.5-inch  hard  disk  drive  in  bay  3
Any
  bay  that  does  not  have  a  drive  installed  has  a  static  shield  and  bay  panel 
installed. 
The  following  illustration  shows  the  locations  of  the  drive  bays. 
  
 
The  following  list  describes  the  types  and  size  of  drives  you  can  install  in  each 
bay: 
 
1  Bay  1  -  Maximum  height:  42.0  mm  (1.65  in.)  Optical  drives,  such  as  CD  drive  or 
DVD  drive  (preinstalled  in  some 
models) 
3.5-inch  hard  disk  drive  (requires  a 
Universal  Adapter  Bracket,  5.25  to 
3.5-inch)  * 
5.25-inch  hard  disk  drive 
2  Bay  2  -  Maximum  height:  25.7  mm  (1.01  in.)  3.5-inch  diskette  drive  (preinstalled  in 
some  models) 
3  Bay  3  -  Maximum  height:  26.1  mm  (1.0  in.)  3.5-inch  hard  disk  drive  (preinstalled) 
*  You  can  obtain  a  Universal  Adapter  Bracket,  5.25  to  3.5-inch  from  a  local  computer 
retailer  or  by  contacting  the  Customer  Support  Center.
  
 
 
28  User  Guide

--- Page 45 ---
Installing  a  drive  in  bay  1 
To  install  an  optical  drive  or  an  additional  hard  disk  drive  in  bay  1,  do  the 
following: 
1.    Open  the  computer  cover.  See  “Opening  the  cover”  on  page  21. 
2.    Remove  the  plastic  panel  from  the  front  bezel. 
3.    Remove  the  metal  shield  from  the  drive  bay  by  using  a  flat-blade  screwdriver 
to  gently  pry  it  loose. 
4.    For  a  5.25-inch  drive,  install  a  retainer  bracket  on  the  side  of  the  drive. 
  
  
5.    For  a  3.5-inch  drive,  install  the  drive  into  the  Universal  Adapter  Bracket,  5.25  to 
3.5-inch. 
Note:   If  you  are  installing  a  3.5-inch  hard  disk  drive  you  must  use  a  Universal 
Adapter  Bracket,  5.25  to  3.5-inch.  You  can  obtain  this  bracket  from  a  local 
computer  retailer  or  by  contacting  the  Customer  Support  Center.
 
 
Chapter  3.  Installing  options  29

--- Page 46 ---
6.    Install  the  drive  into  the  bay  until  it  snaps  into  position. 
  
  
7.    Continue  at  “Connecting  drives.”
Connecting  drives 
The  steps  to  connect  a  drive  are  different  depending  on  the  type  of  drive  you  are 
connecting.  Use  the  following  procedures  for  your  drive  connection. 
 
30  User  Guide

--- Page 47 ---
Connecting  additional  serial  ATA  hard  disk  drive 
A  serial  hard  disk  drive  can  be  connected  to  any  available  SATA  connector. 
1.    Locate  the  signal  cable  that  comes  with  the  new  drive. 
2.    Locate  the  available  SATA  connector  on  the  system  board.  See  “Identifying 
parts  on  the  system  board”  on  page  23. 
3.    Connect  one  end  of  the  signal  cable  to  the  drive  and  the  other  to  the  available 
SATA  connector  on  the  system  board. 
4.    Locate  one  of  the  extra  five-wire  power  connectors  and  connect  it  to  the  drive. 
  
 
 
 
What  to  do  next: 
v    To  work  with  another  option,  go  to  the  appropriate  section. 
v    To  complete  the  installation,   go  to  “Closing  the  cover  and  connecting  the 
cables”  on  page  39.
 
 
Chapter  3.  Installing  options  31

--- Page 48 ---
Installing  a  diskette  drive  in  bay  2 
To  install  a  diskette  drive  in  bay  2,  do  the  following: 
1.    Open  the  computer  cover.  See  “Opening  the  cover”  on  page  21. 
2.    Pivot  the  drive  bay  assembly  upward. 
  
  
3.    Remove  the  plastic  panel  from  the  front  bezel. 
4.    Remove  the  metal  shield  from  the  drive  bay  by  using  a  flat-blade  screwdriver 
to  gently  pry  it  loose. 
5.    Connect  the  flat  cable  to  the  new  drive. 
6.    Install  a  retainer  bracket  on  the  side  of  the  drive. 
  
 
 
 
32  User  Guide

--- Page 49 ---
7.    Install  the  new  drive  from  the  rear  of  the  drive  bay  assembly. 
  
 
 
 
What  to  do  next: 
v    To  work  with  another  option,  go  to  the  appropriate  section. 
v    To  complete  the  installation,  go  to  “Closing  the  cover  and  connecting  the 
cables”  on  page  39.
 
 
Chapter  3.  Installing  options  33

--- Page 50 ---
Security  features 
To  help  prevent  hardware  theft  and  unauthorized  access  to  your  computer,  several 
security  lock  options  are  available.  The  following  sections  will  help  you  identify 
and  install  the  various  types  of  locks  that  might  be  available  for  your  computer.  In 
addition  to  a  physical  lock,  unauthorized  use  of  your  computer  can  be  prevented 
by  a  software  lock  that  locks  the  keyboard  until  a  correct  password  is  typed  in. 
Make  sure  that  any  security  cables  you  install  do  not  interfere  with  other  computer 
cables. 
Identifying  security  locks 
The  following  illustration  shows  the  locations  of  the  security  locks  on  the  rear  of 
the  computer. 
  
 
 
1  Rope  clip  holes  (U-bolt) 
2  Integrated  cable  lock
  
 
 
34  User  Guide

--- Page 51 ---
Rope  Clip 
Using  a  3/16-inch  or  5-mm  rope  clip  (sometimes  referred  to  as  a  U-bolt),  a  steel 
security  cable,  and  a  padlock  can  secure  your  computer  to  a  desk,  table,  or  other 
non-permanent  fixture.  Rope  clip  knockouts  at  the  rear  of  the  chassis  are  provided. 
To  install  a  rope  clip: 
1.    Open  the  computer  cover.  See  “Opening  the  cover”  on  page  21. 
2.    Use  a  tool,  such  as  a  screwdriver,  to  remove  the  two  metal  knockouts. 
3.    Insert  the  rope  clip  through  the  rear  panel;  then  attach  and  tighten  the  nuts 
with  an  appropriately  sized  or  adjustable  wrench. 
4.    Close  the  computer  cover.  See  “Closing  the  cover  and  connecting  the  cables”  on 
page  39. 
5.    Thread  the  cable  through  the  rope  clip  and  secure  your  computer  to  a  desk, 
table  or  other  non-permanent  fixture  by  fastening  the  cable  ends  together  with 
a  lock. 
  
 
 
 
Chapter  3.  Installing  options  35

--- Page 52 ---
Integrated  cable  lock 
With  an  integrated  cable  lock  (sometimes  referred  to  as  the  Kensington  lock),  you 
can  secure  your  computer  to  a  desk,  table,  or  other  non-permanent  fixture.  The 
cable  lock  attaches  to  a  security  slot  at  the  rear  of  your  computer  and  is  operated 
with  a  key.  The  cable  lock  also  locks  the  buttons  used  to  open  the  computer  cover. 
This  is  the  same  type  of  lock  used  with  many  laptop  computers.  You  can  order  a 
security  cable  directly  from  http://www.lenovo.com/think/support/  and  search 
on  Kensington. 
  
 
Password  protection 
To  deter  unauthorized  use  of  your  computer,  you  can  use  the  Setup  Utility 
program  to  set  a  password.  When  you  turn  on  your  computer  you  are  prompted  to 
type  the  password  to  unlock  the  keyboard  for  normal  use. 
 
 
What  to  do  next: 
v    To  work  with  another  option,  go  to  the  appropriate  section. 
v    To  complete  the  installation,  go  to  “Closing  the  cover  and  connecting  the 
cables”  on  page  39.
 
 
36  User  Guide

--- Page 53 ---
Changing  the  battery 
Your  computer  has  a  special  type  of  memory  that  maintains  the  date,  time,  and 
settings  for  built-in  features,  such  as  parallel-port  assignments  (configuration).  A 
battery  keeps  this  information  active  when  you  turn  off  the  computer. 
The  battery  normally  requires  no  charging  or  maintenance  throughout  its  life; 
however,  no  battery  lasts  forever.  If  the  battery  fails,  the  date,  time,  and 
configuration  information  (including  passwords)  are  lost.  An  error  message  is 
displayed  when  you  turn  on  the  computer. 
Refer  to  “Lithium  battery  notice”  on  page  x  for  information  about  replacing  and 
disposing  of  the  battery. 
To  change  the  battery: 
1.    Open  the  computer  cover.  See  “Opening  the  cover”  on  page  21. 
2.    While  holding  the  left  rear  of  the  computer  chassis  down,  pull  upward  on  the 
handle  provided  to  remove  the  PCI  riser  and  any  adapters  that  are  currently 
installed. 
  
  
3.    Locate  the  battery.  See  “Identifying  parts  on  the  system  board”  on  page  23. 
4.    Remove  the  old  battery. 
  
 
 
 
Chapter  3.  Installing  options  37

--- Page 54 ---
5.    Install  the  new  battery. 
  
  
6.    Reinstall  the  PCI  riser  assembly  if  removed. 
7.    Close  the  computer  cover,  and  connect  the  cables.  See  “Closing  the  cover  and 
connecting  the  cables”  on  page  39. 
Note:   When  the  computer  is  turned  on  for  the  first  time  after  battery 
replacement,  an  error  message  might  be  displayed.  This  is  normal  after 
replacing  the  battery. 
8.    Turn  on  the  computer  and  all  attached  devices. 
9.    Use  the  Setup  Utility  program  to  set  the  date  and  time  and  any  passwords.  See 
Chapter  5,  “Using  the  Setup  Utility,”  on  page  49.
Erasing  a  lost  or  forgotten  password  (clearing  CMOS) 
This  section  applies  to  lost  or  forgotten  passwords.  For  more  information  about 
lost  or  forgotten  passwords,  go  to  the  ThinkVantage  Productivity  Center. 
To  erase  a  forgotten  password: 
1.    Open  the  computer  cover.  See“Opening  the  cover”  on  page  21. 
2.    Locate  the  Clear  CMOS/Recovery  jumper  on  the  system  board.  See 
“Identifying  parts  on  the  system  board”  on  page  23. 
3.    Move  the  jumper  from  the  standard  position  (pins  1  and  2)  to  the  maintenance 
or  configure  position  (pins  2  and  3). 
4.    Lower  the  drive  bay  assembly  and  reconnect  any  cables  that  were 
disconnected. 
5.    Close  the  computer  cover  and  connect  the  power  cord.  See  “Closing  the  cover 
and  connecting  the  cables”  on  page  39. 
6.    Restart  the  computer,  leave  it  on  for  approximately  10  seconds.  Turn  off  the 
computer  by  holding  the  power  switch  for  approximately  5  seconds.  The 
computer  will  turn  off. 
7.    Repeat  steps  1  and  2  on  page  38. 
8.    Move  the  Clear  CMOS/Recovery  jumper  back  to  the  standard  position  (pins  1 
and  2). 
9.    Close  the  computer  cover  and  connect  the  power  cord.  See  “Closing  the  cover 
and  connecting  the  cables”  on  page  39.
 
 
38  User  Guide

--- Page 55 ---
Closing  the  cover  and  connecting  the  cables 
After  working  with  options,  you  need  to  install  any  removed  parts,  close  the 
computer  cover,  and  reconnect  cables,  including  telephone  lines  and  power  cords. 
Also,  depending  on  the  option  that  is  installed,  you  might  need  to  confirm  the 
updated  information  in  the  Setup  Utility  program. 
To  close  the  computer  cover  and  connect  cables  to  your  computer: 
1.    Ensure  that  all  components  have  been  reassembled  correctly  and  that  no  tools 
or  loose  screws  are  left  inside  your  computer. 
2.    Make  sure  that  the  cables  are  routed  correctly  before  lowering  the  drive  bay 
assembly. 
3.    Lower  the  drive  bay  assembly. 
4.    Close  the  computer  cover. 
5.    Install  any  locking  devices  such  as  an  integrated  cable  lock  as  necessary. 
6.    Reconnect  the  external  cables  and  power  cords  to  the  computer.  See  “Locating 
connectors  on  the  rear  of  your  computer”  on  page  19. 
7.    To  update  the  configuration,  see  Chapter  5,  “Using  the  Setup  Utility,”  on  page 
49.
 
Chapter  3.  Installing  options  39

--- Page 57 ---
Chapter  4.  Recovering  software 
The  Rescue  and  Recovery  program  is  software  aimed  at  helping  users  restore  their 
computer  data  and  recover  from  software  or  hardware-related  failures.  In  the  event 
of  a  computer  failure,  use  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  program  to  restore  the  contents 
of  the  primary  hard  drive  to  a  previously  saved  state.  This  chapter  will  help  you 
become  familiar  with  recovery  solutions  provided  by  Lenovo. 
The  Rescue  and  Recovery  program  has  two  components,  Rescue  and  Recovery 
(Windows  environment)  and  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace.  Recovery  operations 
can  be  launched  from  Windows  or  from  a  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace 
environment  that  is  independent  of  the  Windows  operating  system. 
If  you  encounter  a  problem,  use  the  recovery  tools  from  either  the  Windows 
environment  or  from  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace  to  perform  one  of  the 
two  recovery  operations: 
v    Rescue  files 
v    Restore  your  system  or  your  individual  files
See
  “Using  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace”  on  page  43  to  perform  one  of  the 
two  recovery  operations. 
Refer  to  the  Access  Help  online  help  system  for  additional  information  about  the 
Rescue  and  Recovery  program.  For  information  on  how  to  access  the  online  help 
system,  see  “Access  Help”  on  page  62.  The  following  information  refers  to  the 
Rescue  and  Recovery  Windows  environment. 
Creating  and  using  product  recovery  discs 
If  your  computer  is  equipped  with  a  recordable  CD  or  DVD  drive,  you  can  create  a 
set  of  Product  Recovery  discs  that  enables  you  to  restore  the  contents  of  the  hard 
disk  to  the  same  state  as  when  the  computer  was  originally  shipped  from  the 
factory.  Product  Recovery  discs  are  useful  if  you  transfer  the  computer  to  another 
area,  sell  the  computer,  recycle  the  computer,  or  as  a  last  resort  put  the  computer 
in  an  operational  state  after  all  other  methods  of  recovery  have  failed.  It  is 
important  to  create  a  set  of  Product  Recovery  discs  as  soon  as  possible. 
Note:   Your  Microsoft  Windows  license  permits  you  to  create  only  one  set  of 
Product  Recovery  discs,  so  it  is  important  that  you  store  the  discs  in  a  safe 
place  after  you  make  them. 
To  create  Product  Recovery  discs,  do  the  following: 
1.    From  the  Windows  desktop,  click  Start,  select  All  Programs,  select 
ThinkVantage,  click  Create  Recovery  Media. 
2.    Follow  the  instructions  on  the  screen.
 
 
©  Lenovo  2005,  2006.  Portions  ©  IBM  Corp.  2005.  41

--- Page 58 ---
To  use  Product  Recovery  discs,  do  the  following: 
 
Attention:   When  you  restore  the  factory  contents  from  the  Product  Recovery 
discs,  all  files  currently  on  the  hard  disk  will  be  deleted  and  replaced  by  the 
original  factory  contents.  During  the  restore  process,  you  will  be  given  the 
opportunity  to  save  one  or  more  files  currently  on  your  hard  disk  drive  to  other 
media  before  any  data  is  removed. 
1.    Insert  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  disc  into  your  CD  or  DVD  drive. 
2.    Restart  your  computer. 
3.    After  a  short  delay,  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace  opens. 
Note:   If  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace  fails  to  open,  you  might  not  have 
your  startup  device  (CD  drive  or  DVD  drive)  set  correctly  in  your  BIOS 
startup  sequence.  See  “Setting  a  rescue  device  in  the  startup  sequence” 
on  page  46  for  more  information. 
4.    In  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  menu,  click  Restore  your  system. 
5.    Follow  the  instructions  on  the  screen.  Insert  the  appropriate  Product  Recovery 
disc  when  prompted.
Note:
   After  restoring  your  hard  disk  to  the  original  factory  content,  you  might 
have  to  reinstall  some  software  or  drivers.  See  “Using  the  Rescue  and 
Recovery  workspace”  on  page  43  for  details. 
Backup  and  recovery 
The  Rescue  and  Recovery  program  enables  you  to  back  up  your  complete  hard 
disk  contents  including  the  operating  system,  data  files,  application  programs,  and 
personal  settings.  You  can  designate  where  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  program 
stores  the  backup: 
v    On  a  protected  area  of  your  hard  disk 
v    On  a  second  hard  disk  installed  in  your  computer 
v    On  an  externally  attached  USB  hard  disk 
v    On  a  network  drive 
v    On  recordable  CDs  or  DVDs  (a  recordable  CD  or  DVD  drive  is  required  for  this 
option)
After
  you  have  backed  up  your  hard  disk,  you  can  restore  the  complete  contents  of 
the  hard  disk,  restore  selected  files  only,  or  restore  only  the  Windows  operating 
system  and  applications. 
To  perform  a  backup  operation  from  Rescue  and  Recovery,  do  the  following: 
1.    From  the  Windows  desktop,  click  Start,  click  All  Programs,  click 
ThinkVantage,  then  click  Rescue  and  Recovery.  The  Rescue  and  Recovery 
program  opens. 
2.    From  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  main  window,  click  Backup  your  hard  drive  to 
select  backup  operation  options. 
3.    Follow  the  instructions  on  the  screen.
To
  perform  a  restore  operation  from  Rescue  and  Recovery,  do  the  following: 
1.    From  the  Windows  desktop,  click  Start,  click  All  Programs,  click 
ThinkVantage,  then  click  Rescue  and  Recovery.  The  Rescue  and  Recovery 
program  opens. 
 
42  User  Guide

--- Page 59 ---
2.    From  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  main  window,  click  the  Restore  your  system 
from  a  backup  icon. 
3.    Follow  the  instructions  on  the  screen.
For
  information  about  performing  a  restore  operation  from  the  Rescue  and 
Recovery  workspace,  see  “Using  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace.” 
Using  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace 
The  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace  resides  in  a  protected,  hidden  area  of  your 
hard  disk  that  operates  independently  from  the  Windows  operating  system.  This 
enables  you  to  perform  recovery  operations  even  if  the  Windows  operating  system 
cannot  be  started.  You  can  perform  the  following  recovery  operations  from  the 
Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace: 
v    Rescue  files  from  your  hard  disk  or  from  a  backup:  The  Rescue  and  Recovery 
workspace  enables  you  to  locate  files  on  your  hard  disk  and  transfer  them  to  a 
network  drive  or  other  recordable  media,  such  as  a  USB  hard  disk  drive  or  a 
diskette.  This  solution  is  available,  even  if  you  did  not  back  up  your  files  or  if 
changes  were  made  to  the  files  since  your  last  backup  operation.  You  also  can 
rescue  individual  files  from  a  Rescue  and  Recovery  backup  located  on  your  local 
hard  disk,  a  USB  device,  or  a  network  drive. 
v    Restore  your  hard  disk  from  Rescue  and  Recovery  backup:  Once  you  perform 
a  backup  operation  using  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  program,  you  can  perform 
restore  operations  from  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace,  even  if  you  cannot 
start  Windows. 
v    Restore  your  hard  disk  to  the  factory  contents:  The  Rescue  and  Recovery 
workspace  enables  you  to  restore  the  complete  contents  of  your  hard  disk  to  the 
same  state  as  it  was  when  originally  shipped  from  the  factory.  If  you  have 
multiple  partitions  on  your  hard  disk,  you  have  the  option  to  restore  the  factory 
contents  to  the  C:  partition  and  leave  the  other  partitions  intact.  Because  the 
Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace  operates  independently  from  the  Windows 
operating  system,  you  can  restore  the  factory  contents  even  if  you  cannot  start 
Windows. 
Attention:   If  you  restore  the  hard  disk  from  a  Rescue  and  Recovery  backup  or 
restore  the  hard  disk  to  the  factory  contents,  all  files  on  the  primary  hard  disk 
partition  (usually  drive  C)  will  be  deleted  in  the  recovery  process.  If  possible,  make 
copies  of  important  files.  If  you  are  unable  to  start  Windows,  you  can  use  the 
Rescue  files  feature  in  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace  to  copy  files  from  your 
hard  disk  to  other  media. 
To  start  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace,  do  the  following: 
1.    Turn  off  your  computer. 
2.    Restart  your  computer. 
3.    Repeatedly  press  and  release  F11. 
4.    When  you  hear  beeps  or  see  a  logo  screen,  release  F11. 
5.    If  you  set  a  Rescue  and  Recovery  password,  type  your  password  when 
prompted.  The  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace  opens  after  a  short  delay. 
Note:   If  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace  fails  to  open,  see  ‘“Solving 
recovery  problems”  on  page  44. 
6.    Do  one  of  the  following: 
 
Chapter  4.  Recovering  software  43

--- Page 60 ---
v    To  rescue  files  from  your  hard  disk  or  from  a  backup,  click  Rescue  files  in 
the  Rescue  and  Recovery  menu;  then,  follow  the  instructions  on  the  screen. 
v    To  restore  your  hard  disk  from  a  Rescue  and  Recovery  backup  or  to  restore 
your  hard  drive  to  the  factory  contents,  click  Restore  your  system  in  the 
Rescue  and  Recovery  menu;  then,  follow  the  instructions  on  the  screen. 
Note:   After  restoring  your  hard  disk  to  the  original  factory  content,  you 
might  have  to  reinstall  some  software  or  drivers.  Refer  to  the 
following  notes  for  more  information. 
v    For  information  about  other  features  of  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace, 
click  Help.
Notes:
  
1.    After  restoring  a  hard  disk  to  the  original  factory  contents  you  might  have  to 
reinstall  device  drivers  for  some  devices.  See  “Recovering  or  installing  device 
drivers”  on  page  46. 
2.    Some  computers  come  with  Microsoft  Office  or  Microsoft  Works  preinstalled.  If 
you  need  to  recover  or  reinstall  your  Microsoft  Office  or  Microsoft  Works 
applications,  you  must  use  the  Microsoft  Office  CD  or  Microsoft  Works  CD.  These 
CDs  are  provided  only  with  computers  that  come  with  Microsoft  Office  or 
Microsoft  Works  preinstalled.
Solving  recovery  problems 
If  you  are  unable  to  access  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace  or  the  Windows 
environment,  you  can: 
v    Use  your  rescue  media  (CD,  DVD,  or  USB  hard  disk)  to  gain  access  to  the 
Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace.  See  “Creating  and  using  rescue  media”  for 
details. 
v    Use  a  Recovery  Repair  diskette  to  repair  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace  or 
repair  a  file  needed  to  enter  the  Windows  environment.  See  “Creating  and  using 
a  Recovery  Repair  diskette”  on  page  45  for  details. 
v    If  your  intent  is  to  restore  the  contents  of  the  hard  disk  to  its  original  factory 
state,  you  can  use  a  set  of  Product  Recovery  discs.  See  “Creating  and  using 
product  recovery  discs”  on  page  41.
It
  is  important  to  create  a  Recovery  Repair  diskette,  rescue  media,  and  a  set  of 
Product  Recovery  discs  as  soon  as  possible  and  store  them  in  a  safe  place  as  a 
precautionary  measure. 
If  you  are  unable  to  access  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace  or  the  Windows 
environment  from  rescue  media,  a  Recovery  Repair  diskette,  or  a  set  of  Product 
Recovery  CDs,  you  might  not  have  the  rescue  device,  CD  drive,  DVD  drive  or  USB 
hard  disk  drive  defined  as  a  startup  device  in  the  BIOS  startup  sequence.  See 
“Setting  a  rescue  device  in  the  startup  sequence”  on  page  46  for  more  information. 
Creating  and  using  rescue  media 
Rescue  media  such  as  a  CD  or  USB  hard  disk  drive  enables  you  to  recover  from 
failures  that  prevent  you  from  gaining  access  to  the  Rescue  and  Recovery 
workspace  on  your  hard  disk. 
Note:   The  rescue  disc,  the  first  disc  of  the  Product  Recovery  discs  and  the  backup 
discs  are  startable  (bootable).  They  can  be  started  in  any  type  of  CD  or  DVD 
drive  except  for  a  DVD-RAM  media.
 
44  User  Guide

--- Page 61 ---
To  create  rescue  media,  do  the  following: 
1.    From  the  Windows  desktop,  click  Start,  click  All  Programs,  click 
ThinkVantage,  then  click  Create  Recovery  Media. 
2.    In  the  Rescue  Media  area,  select  the  type  of  rescue  media  you  want  to  create. 
You  can  create  rescue  media  using  a  CD,  USB  hard  drive,  or  an  internal  hard 
drive. 
3.    Click  OK. 
4.    Follow  the  instructions  on  the  screen. 
To  use  rescue  media,  do  one  of  the  following: 
v    Insert  the  rescue  disc  and  restart  your  computer. 
v    Attach  your  USB  hard  disk  drive  to  one  of  the  USB  connectors  on  your 
computer,  then  turn  on  your  computer.
When
  the  rescue  media  starts,  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace  opens.  Help  for 
each  feature  is  available  from  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace.  If  your  rescue 
media  fails  to  start,  you  might  not  have  your  rescue  device  (CD  drive,  DVD  drive, 
or  USB  device)  set  correctly  in  your  BIOS  startup  sequence.  See  “Setting  a  rescue 
device  in  the  startup  sequence”  on  page  46  for  more  information. 
Creating  and  using  a  Recovery  Repair  diskette 
If  you  are  unable  to  access  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace  or  the  Windows 
environment,  use  a  Recovery  Repair  diskette  to  repair  the  Rescue  and  Recovery 
workspace  or  repair  a  file  needed  to  enter  the  Windows  environment.  It  is 
important  to  create  a  Recovery  Repair  diskette  as  soon  as  possible  and  store  it  in  a 
safe  place. 
To  create  a  Recovery  Repair  diskette,  do  the  following: 
1.    Start  your  computer  and  operating  system. 
2.    Using  an  Internet  browser,  go  to  the  following  Web  address: 
 
http://www.lenovo.com/think/support/site.wss/document.do?lndocid=MIGR-54483
  
3.    Insert  a  diskette  into  diskette  drive  A.  Information  on  the  diskette  will  be 
erased  and  the  diskette  will  be  formatted  appropriately. 
4.    Double-click  on  the  Recovery  Repair  rnrrepair.exe  file.  The  diskette  is  created. 
5.    Take  out  the  diskette  and  label  it  Recovery  Repair  diskette. 
To  use  the  Recovery  Repair  diskette,  do  the  following: 
1.    Shut  down  the  operating  system  and  turn  off  the  computer. 
2.    Insert  the  Recovery  Repair  diskette  into  diskette  drive  A. 
3.    Turn  on  the  computer  and  follow  the  instructions  on  the  screen.
Note:
   If  the  repair  operation  finishes  without  error,  you  will  be  able  to  access  the 
Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace  by  repeatedly  pressing  the  F11  key  while 
you  restart  your  computer.  When  you  hear  beeps  or  see  a  logo  screen, 
release  F11.  You  will  also  be  able  to  access  the  Windows  environment  after 
the  repair  operation  finishes. 
If  an  error  message  appears  during  the  repair  operation  and  the  repair  operation 
cannot  be  completed,  you  might  have  a  problem  with  the  partition  that  contains 
the  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace.  Use  your  rescue  media  to  access  the  Rescue 
 
Chapter  4.  Recovering  software  45

--- Page 62 ---
and  Recovery  workspace.  For  information  about  creating  and  using  rescue  media, 
see  “Creating  and  using  rescue  media”  on  page  44. 
Recovering  or  installing  device  drivers 
Before  you  can  recover  or  install  device  drivers,  your  operating  system  must  be 
installed  on  your  computer.  Make  sure  that  you  have  the  documentation  and 
software  media  for  the  device. 
Device  drivers  for  factory-installed  devices  are  located  on  the  computer  hard  disk 
(usually  drive  C)  in  the  SWTOOLS\drivers  folder.  Other  device  drivers  are  on  the 
software  media  that  come  with  individual  devices. 
The  latest  device  drivers  for  factory-installed  devices  are  also  available  on  the 
World  Wide  Web  at  http://www.lenovo.com/support/. 
To  reinstall  a  device  driver  for  a  factory-installed  device,  do  the  following: 
1.    Start  your  computer  and  operating  system. 
2.    Use  Windows  Explorer  or  My  Computer  to  display  the  directory  structure  of 
your  hard  disk. 
3.    Open  the  C:\SWTOOLS  folder. 
4.    Open  the  DRIVERS  folder.  Within  the  DRIVERS  folder  are  several  subfolders 
that  are  named  for  various  devices  that  are  installed  in  your  computer  (for 
example,  AUDIO  or  VIDEO). 
5.    Open  the  appropriate  device  subfolder. 
6.    Use  one  of  the  following  methods  to  reinstall  the  device  driver: 
v    In  the  device  subfolder,  look  for  a  README.  TEXT  or  other  file  with  the 
.TXT  extension.  This  file  might  be  named  after  the  operating  system,  such  as 
WIN98.TXT.  The  text  file  has  information  on  how  to  reinstall  that  device 
driver. 
v    If  the  device  subfolder  contains  a  file  with  an  .INF  extension,  you  can  use  the 
Add  New  Hardware  program  (located  in  the  Windows  Control  Panel)  to 
reinstall  the  device  driver.  Not  all  device  drivers  can  be  reinstalled  using  this 
program.  In  the  Add  New  Hardware  program,  when  prompted  for  the 
device  driver  that  you  want  to  install,  click  Have  Disk  and  Browse.  Then 
select  the  appropriate  device  driver  file  from  the  device  subfolder. 
v    In  the  device  subfolder,  look  for  a  SETUP.EXE  file.  Double-click  SETUP.EXE 
and  follow  the  instructions  on  the  screen.
Setting  a  rescue  device  in  the  startup  sequence 
Before  you  start  Rescue  and  Recovery  from  a  CD,  DVD,  USB  hard  disk  drive,  or 
any  external  device,  you  must  first  change  the  startup  sequence  in  the  Setup 
Utility. 
To  view  or  change  the  startup  sequence,  do  the  following: 
1.    With  the  computer  off,  repeatedly  press  and  release  F1;  then,  turn  on  the 
computer. 
2.    When  the  logo  screen  appears,  or  you  hear  a  series  of  beeps,  release  F1. 
3.    If  you  are  prompted  for  a  password,  type  your  current  password. 
4.    From  the  Setup  Utility  main  menu,  use  the  right-arrow  key  to  select  Startup. 
5.    Arrange  the  startup  sequence  to  meet  your  needs. 
6.    Press  Esc  twice  to  go  to  the  Setup  Utility  exit  menu. 
 
46  User  Guide

--- Page 63 ---
7.    Use  the  down-arrow  key  to  select  Save  and  exit  the  Setup  Utility,  then  press 
Enter. 
8.    When  the  Setup  Confirmation  window  appears,  press  Enter. 
9.    The  computer  restarts. 
Note:   If  you  are  using  an  external  device,  you  first  must  turn  off  your  computer 
before  connecting  the  external  device. 
For  more  information  on  Setup  Utility,  see  Chapter  5,  “Using  the  Setup  Utility,”  on 
page  49. 
 
Chapter  4.  Recovering  software  47

--- Page 65 ---
Chapter  5.  Using  the  Setup  Utility 
The  Setup  Utility  program  is  stored  in  the  electrically  erasable  programmable 
read-only  memory  (EEPROM)  of  your  computer.  The  Setup  Utility  program  is  used 
to  view  and  change  the  configuration  settings  of  your  computer,  regardless  of 
which  operating  system  you  are  using.  However,  the  operating-system  settings 
might  override  any  similar  settings  in  the  Setup  Utility  program. 
Starting  the  Setup  Utility  program 
To  start  the  Setup  Utility  program,  do  the  following: 
1.    If  your  computer  is  already  on  when  you  start  this  procedure,  shut  down  the 
operating  system  and  turn  off  the  computer. 
2.    Repeatedly  press  and  release  the  F1  key  while  turning  on  your  computer. 
Note:   If  a  user  password  or  an  administrator  password  has  been  set,  the  Setup 
Utility  program  menu  is  not  displayed  until  you  type  your  password. 
See  “Using  passwords”  for  more  information.
The
  Setup  Utility  might  start  automatically  when  POST  detects  that  hardware  has 
been  removed  or  new  hardware  has  been  installed  in  your  computer. 
Viewing  and  changing  settings 
The  Setup  Utility  program  menu  lists  items  that  identify  system  configuration 
topics. 
When  working  with  the  Setup  Utility  program  menu,  you  must  use  the  keyboard. 
The  keys  used  to  perform  various  tasks  are  displayed  at  the  bottom  of  each  screen. 
Using  passwords 
By  using  the  Setup  Utility  program,  you  can  set  passwords  to  prevent 
unauthorized  persons  from  gaining  access  to  your  computer  and  data.  The 
following  types  of  passwords  are  available: 
v    User  Password 
v    Administrator  Password
You
  do  not  have  to  set  any  passwords  to  use  your  computer.  However,  if  you 
decide  to  set  any  passwords,  read  the  following  sections. 
Password  considerations 
A  password  can  be  any  combination  of  up  to  twelve  characters  (a-z  and  0-9)  and 
symbols.  For  security  reasons,  it  is  a  good  idea  to  use  a  strong  password  that 
cannot  be  easily  compromised.  Strong  passwords  typically  adhere  to  the  following 
rules: 
v    Have  at  least  eight  characters  in  length 
v    Contain  at  least  one  alphabetic  character,  one  numeric  character,  and  one  symbol 
v    Contain  at  least  one  of  the  following  symbols:  ,  .  /  `  ;  '  [] 
v    You  can  also  use  the  space  bar 
 
©  Lenovo  2005,  2006.  Portions  ©  IBM  Corp.  2005.  49

--- Page 66 ---
v    Setup  Utility  program  and  hard  disk  drive  passwords  are  not  case  sensitive 
v    Not  be  your  name  or  your  user  name 
v    Not  be  a  common  word  or  a  common  name 
v    Be  significantly  different  from  your  previous  password
User  Password 
When  a  User  Password  is  set,  the  user  is  prompted  to  type  a  valid  password  each 
time  the  computer  is  turned  on.  The  computer  cannot  be  used  until  a  valid 
password  is  typed  from  the  keyboard. 
Administrator  Password 
Setting  an  Administrator  Password  deters  unauthorized  persons  from  changing 
configuration  settings.  If  you  are  responsible  for  maintaining  the  settings  of  several 
computers,  you  might  want  to  set  an  Administrator  Password. 
After  you  set  an  Administrator  Password,  a  password  prompt  is  displayed  each 
time  you  try  to  access  the  Setup  Utility  program. 
If  both  the  user  and  administrator  passwords  are  set,  you  can  type  either 
password.  However,  to  change  any  configuration  settings,  you  must  use  your 
administrator  password. 
Setting,  changing,  and  deleting  a  password 
To  set,  change,  or  delete  a  password,  do  the  following: 
Note:   A  password  can  be  any  combination  of  up  to  twelve  characters  (A-  Z,  a-z, 
and  0-9).  See  “Password  considerations”  on  page  49  for  more  information. 
1.    Start  the  Setup  Utility  program  (see  Chapter  5,  “Using  the  Setup  Utility,”  on 
page  49). 
2.    From  the  Setup  Utility  program  menu,  select  Security. 
3.    Select  Set  Passwords.  Read  the  information  displayed  on  the  right  side  of  the 
screen.
Selecting  a  startup  device 
If  your  computer  does  not  start  up  (boot)  from  a  device  such  as  the  CD-ROM, 
diskette,  or  hard  disk  as  expected,  use  one  of  the  following  procedures  to  select  a 
startup  device. 
Selecting  a  temporary  startup  device 
Use  this  procedure  to  startup  from  any  boot  device. 
Note:   Not  all  CDs,  hard  disks,  and  diskettes  are  startable  (bootable). 
1.    Turn  off  your  computer. 
2.    Press  and  hold  the  F12  key  then  turn  on  the  computer.  When  the  Startup 
Device  Menu  appears,  release  the  F12  key. 
Note:   If  you  are  using  a  USB  keyboard  and  the  Startup  Device  Menu  does  not 
display  using  this  method,  repeatedly  press  and  release  the  F12  key 
rather  than  leaving  it  pressed  when  turning  on  the  computer. 
3.    Select  the  desired  startup  device  from  the  Startup  Device  Menu  and  press  Enter 
to  begin.
 
50  User  Guide

--- Page 67 ---
Note:   Selecting  a  startup  device  from  the  Startup  Device  menu  does  not 
permanently  change  the  startup  sequence. 
Changing  the  startup  device  sequence 
To  view  or  permanently  change  the  configured  startup  device  sequence,  do  the 
following: 
1.    Start  the  Setup  Utility  program  (see  “Starting  the  Setup  Utility  program”  on 
page  49). 
2.    Select  Startup. 
3.    Select  Startup  Sequence.  See  the  information  displayed  on  the  right  side  of  the 
screen. 
4.    Select  the  devices  for  the  Primary  Startup  Sequence,  the  Automatic  Startup 
Sequence,  and  the  Error  Startup  Sequence. 
5.    Select  Exit  from  the  Setup  Utility  menu  and  then  Save  Settings  or  Save  and 
exit  the  Setup  Utility. 
If  you  have  changed  these  settings  and  want  to  return  to  the  default  settings,  select 
Load  Default  Settings  on  the  Exit  menu. 
Advanced  settings 
On  some  computer  models  the  Advanced  settings  menu  includes  a  setting  to 
Enable/Disable  HyperThreading.  This  feature  works  only  with 
HyperThreading-aware  operating  systems  such  as  Microsoft  Windows  XP.  The 
default  setting  for  HyperThreading  is  Enabled.  However,  if  you  select  Set  Defaults 
and  are  using  an  operating  system  other  than  Windows  XP,  your  computer 
performance  might  be  degraded.  Therefore,  you  should  always  set 
HyperThreading  to  Disabled  unless  you  are  sure  your  operating  system  supports 
HyperThreading. 
Exiting  from  the  Setup  Utility  program 
When  you  finish  viewing  or  changing  settings,  press  Esc  to  return  to  the  Setup 
Utility  program  menu  (you  might  have  to  press  Esc  several  times).  If  you  want  to 
save  the  new  settings,  select  Save  Settings  or  Save  and  exit  the  Setup  Utility. 
Otherwise,  your  changes  will  not  be  saved. 
 
Chapter  5.  Using  the  Setup  Utility  51

--- Page 69 ---
Chapter  6.  Updating  system  programs 
This  chapter  contains  information  about  updating  POST/BIOS  and  how  to  recover 
from  a  POST/BIOS  update  failure. 
Using  system  programs 
System  programs  are  the  basic  layer  of  software  that  is  built  into  your  computer. 
They  include  the  power-on  self-test  (POST),  the  basic  input/output  system  (BIOS) 
code,  and  the  Setup  Utility  program.  POST  is  a  set  of  tests  and  procedures  that  is 
performed  each  time  you  turn  on  your  computer.  BIOS  is  a  layer  of  software  that 
translates  instructions  from  other  layers  of  software  into  electrical  signals  that  the 
computer  hardware  can  understand.  You  can  use  the  Setup  Utility  program  to 
view  and  change  the  configuration  and  setup  of  your  computer. 
Your  computer  system  board  has  a  module  called  electrically  erasable 
programmable  read-only  memory  (EEPROM,  also  referred  to  as  flash  memory). 
You  can  easily  update  POST,  BIOS,  and  the  Setup  Utility  program  by  starting  your 
computer  using  a  flash  update  diskette  or  by  running  a  special  update  program 
from  your  operating  system. 
Lenovo  might  make  changes  and  enhancements  to  the  POST/BIOS.  When  updates 
are  released,  they  are  available  as  downloadable  files  on  the  Lenovo  Web  site  at 
http://www.lenovo.com.  Instructions  for  using  the  POST/BIOS  updates  are 
available  in  a  .txt  file  that  is  included  with  the  update  files.  For  most  models,  you 
can  download  either  an  update  program  to  create  a  system-program-update  (flash) 
diskette  or  an  update  program  that  can  be  run  from  the  operating  system. 
Note:   You  can  download  a  self  starting  bootable  CD  image  (known  as  an  .iso 
image)  of  the  diagnostics  program  from  http://www.lenovo.com  to  support 
systems  without  a  diskette  drive. 
Updating  (flashing)  BIOS  from  a  diskette 
To  update  (flash)  the  BIOS  from  a  diskette,  do  the  following: 
1.    Insert  a  system  program  update  (flash)  diskette  into  the  diskette  drive.  System 
program  updates  are  available  at  http://www.lenovo.com/support  on  the 
World  Wide  Web. 
2.    Turn  on  the  computer.  If  the  computer  is  on  already,  you  must  turn  it  off  and 
back  on  again.  The  update  begins. 
3.    Follow  the  instructions  on  the  screen  to  complete  the  update.
 
©  Lenovo  2005,  2006.  Portions  ©  IBM  Corp.  2005.  53

--- Page 71 ---
Chapter  7.  Troubleshooting  and  diagnostics 
This  chapter  describes  some  basic  troubleshooting  and  diagnostic  programs.  If  your 
computer  problem  is  not  described  here,  see  Chapter  8,  “Getting  information,  help, 
and  service,”  on  page  61  for  additional  troubleshooting  resources. 
Basic  troubleshooting 
The  following  table  provides  information  to  help  you  troubleshoot  your  computer 
problem. 
 
Symptom  Action 
The  computer  does  not  start 
when  you  press  the  power 
button. 
Verify  that: 
v    The  power  cord  is  plugged  into  the  rear  of  the  computer  and  into  a  working 
electrical  outlet. 
v    If  your  computer  has  a  secondary  power  switch  on  the  back  of  the  computer, 
ensure  that  it  is  switched  on. 
v    The  power  indicator  on  the  front  of  the  computer  is  on. 
v    The  voltage  is  set  to  the  correct  setting  for  your  country.
If
  you  cannot  correct  the  problem,  have  the  computer  serviced.  Refer  to  the 
warranty  and  safety  information  that  is  provided  with  your  computer  for  a  list  of 
service  and  support  telephone  numbers. 
The  monitor  screen  is  blank.  Verify  that: 
v    The  monitor  cable  is  securely  attached  to  the  rear  of  the  monitor  and  to  the 
rear  of  the  computer. 
v    The  monitor  power  cord  is  plugged  into  the  monitor  and  into  a  working 
electrical  outlet. 
v    The  monitor  is  turned  on  and  the  brightness  and  contrast  controls  are  set 
correctly. 
v    The  monitor  signal  cable  is  securely  connected  to  the  monitor  and  to  the 
monitor  connector  on  the  computer.
Note:
  If  your  computer  has  two  monitor  connectors,  verify  that  your  monitor  is 
connected  to  the  one  in  the  AGP  option  connector  rather  than  the  one  in  the  rear 
of  the  system  board.  For  more  information,  “Connecting  your  computer”  on  page 
3. 
If  you  cannot  correct  the  problem,  have  the  computer  serviced.  Refer  to  the 
warranty  and  safety  information  that  is  provided  with  your  computer  for  a  list  of 
service  and  support  telephone  numbers. 
The  keyboard  does  not  work. 
The  computer  does  not  respond 
to  the  keyboard. 
Verify  that: 
v    The  computer  is  turned  on. 
v    The  monitor  is  turned  on  and  the  brightness  and  contrast  controls  are  set 
correctly. 
v    The  keyboard  is  securely  connected  to  a  USB  connector  on  the  front  or  rear  of 
the  computer. 
v    No  keys  are  stuck.
If
  you  cannot  correct  the  problem,  have  the  computer  serviced.  Refer  to  the 
warranty  and  safety  information  that  is  provided  with  your  computer  for  a  list  of 
service  and  support  telephone  numbers. 
 
©  Lenovo  2005,  2006.  Portions  ©  IBM  Corp.  2005.  55

--- Page 72 ---
Symptom  Action 
The  Enhanced  Performance  USB 
Keyboard  does  not  work. 
Verify  that: 
v    The  computer  is  turned  on. 
v    The  keyboard  is  securely  connected  to  a  USB  connector  on  the  front  or  rear  of 
the  computer. 
v    No  keys  are  stuck.
If
  you  cannot  correct  the  problem,  have  the  computer  serviced.  Refer  to  the 
warranty  and  safety  information  that  is  provided  with  your  computer  for  a  list  of 
service  and  support  telephone  numbers. 
The  mouse  does  not  work.  The 
computer  does  not  respond  to 
the  mouse. 
Verify  that: 
v    The  computer  is  turned  on. 
v    The  mouse  is  securely  connected  to  a  USB  connector  on  the  front  or  rear  of  the 
computer. 
v    The  mouse  is  clean.  Refer  to  “Cleaning  the  mouse”  on  page  58  for  further 
information.
If
  you  cannot  correct  the  problem,  have  the  computer  serviced.  Refer  to  the 
warranty  and  safety  information  that  is  provided  with  your  computer  for  a  list  of 
service  and  support  telephone  numbers. 
The  operating  system  will  not 
start. 
Verify  that: 
v    There  is  no  diskette  in  the  diskette  drive.
v
    The  startup  sequence  includes  the  device  where  the  operating  system  resides. 
Usually,  the  operating  system  is  on  the  hard  disk.  See  “Selecting  a  startup 
device”  on  page  50  for  more  information.
If
  you  cannot  correct  the  problem,  have  the  computer  serviced.  Refer  to  the 
warranty  and  safety  information  that  is  provided  with  your  computer  for  a  list  of 
service  and  support  telephone  numbers. 
The  computer  beeps  multiple 
times  before  the  operating 
system  starts. 
Verify  that  no  keys  are  stuck  down. 
If  you  cannot  correct  the  problem,  have  the  computer  serviced.  Refer  to  the 
warranty  and  safety  information  that  is  provided  with  your  computer  for  a  list  of 
service  and  support  telephone  numbers.
  
Diagnostic  programs 
Diagnostic  programs  are  used  to  test  hardware  components  of  your  computer  and 
report  operating-system-controlled  settings  that  can  cause  hardware  failures.  There 
are  two  diagnostic  programs  preinstalled  on  your  computer  to  help  you  diagnose 
problems:  PC-Doctor  for  Windows  and  PC-Doctor  for  DOS. 
Notes:  
1.    You  can  download  the  latest  version  of  the  diagnostic  programs  from 
http://www.lenovo.com/support/.  Type  your  machine  type  into  the  Use 
Quick  Path  field  and  click  Go  to  find  the  downloadable  files  that  are  specific  to 
your  computer. 
2.    If  you  are  unable  to  isolate  and  repair  the  problem  yourself  after  you  run 
PC-Doctor  for  Windows  and  PC-Doctor  for  DOS,  save  and  print  the  log  files 
created  by  both  diagnostic  programs.  You  will  need  the  log  files  when  you 
speak  to  a  Lenovo  technical  support  representative.  (The  log  file  created  by 
PC-Doctor  for  Windows  is  automatically  saved  in  C:\PCDR\DETAILED.TXT.)
 
56  User  Guide

--- Page 73 ---
PC-Doctor  for  Windows 
PC-Doctor  for  Windows  is  a  diagnostic  program  that  works  through  the  Windows 
operating  system.  The  PC-Doctor  for  Windows  diagnostic  program  enables  you  to 
view  symptoms  and  solutions  for  computer  problems,  access  the  Lenovo 
troubleshooting  center,  update  system  drivers,  and  review  system  information. 
To  open  PC-Doctor  for  Windows,  click  Start  from  the  Windows  desktop,  select  All 
Programs,  select  PC-Doctor  for  Windows,  and  click  PC-Doctor  for  Windows. 
Follow  the  instructions  on  the  screen.  For  additional  information  about  running  the 
diagnostic  program,  refer  to  the  PC-Doctor  for  Windows  help  system. 
If  you  still  suspect  a  problem  after  PC-Doctor  for  Windows  runs  successfully,  run 
PC-Doctor  for  DOS  to  help  you  diagnose  your  computer  problem. 
PC-Doctor  for  DOS 
The  PC-Doctor  for  DOS  diagnostic  program  is  part  of  the  Rescue  and  Recovery 
workspace  and  runs  independently  of  the  Windows  operating  system.  Use 
PC-Doctor  for  DOS,  if  you  are  unable  to  start  the  Windows  operating  system  or  if 
PC-Doctor  for  Windows  has  not  been  successful  in  isolating  a  possible  problem. 
You  can  run  PC-Doctor  for  DOS  from  a  diagnostic  CD  image  or  diagnostic 
diskettes  that  you  create.  You  can  also  run  PC-Doctor  for  DOS  from  the  Rescue  and 
Recovery  workspace. 
Note:   Be  sure  to  create  a  diagnostic  CD  image  or  diagnostic  diskettes  in  case  you 
are  unable  to  run  PC-Doctor  for  DOS  from  the  Rescue  and  Recovery 
workspace. 
Creating  a  diagnostic  CD  image 
To  create  a  diagnostic  CD  image,  download  a  self-starting  bootable  CD  image 
(known  as  an  .iso  image)  of  the  diagnostic  program  from  http://
www.lenovo.com/support/.
  After  you  download  the  image,  you  can  create  the  CD 
using  any  CD  burning  software. 
If  your  computer  does  not  have  a  CD  burner  or  you  do  not  have  Internet  access, 
see  “Creating  diagnostic  diskettes.” 
Creating  diagnostic  diskettes 
To  create  diagnostic  diskettes,  download  the  PC-Doctor  for  DOS  diagnostic 
program  from  http://www.lenovo.com/support/  onto  two  blank,  formatted 
diskettes. 
If  you  do  not  have  Internet  access,  create  the  diagnostic  diskettes  using  the 
following  procedure: 
Note:   You  will  need  a  diskette  drive  on  your  computer  or  a  USB  diskette  drive  to 
complete  this  procedure. 
 
1.    Shut  down  the  operating  system  and  turn  off  the  computer. 
 
2.    If  you  are  using  a  USB  diskette  drive,  plug  it  into  the  computer. 
 
3.    Repeatedly  press  and  release  the  F11  key  as  you  turn  on  the  computer. 
 
4.    When  you  hear  beeps  or  see  a  logo  screen,  stop  pressing  the  F11  key.  The 
Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace  opens. 
Note:   For  some  models,  press  the  Esc  key  to  enter  Rescue  and  Recovery. 
 
5.    From  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace,  select  Create  diagnostic  disks. 
 
Chapter  7.  Troubleshooting  and  diagnostics  57

--- Page 74 ---
6.    Follow  the  instructions  on  the  screen. 
 
7.    When  prompted,  insert  a  blank,  formatted  diskette  into  the  diskette  drive  and 
continue  to  follow  the  instructions  on  the  screen. 
 
8.    When  the  operation  is  complete,  remove  the  diskette  and  click  Quit. 
 
9.    Insert  another  blank,  formatted  diskette  into  the  diskette  drive  and  continue  to 
follow  the  instructions  on  the  screen. 
10.    When  the  operation  is  complete,  remove  the  diskette  and  click  Quit.
Running  diagnostics  from  the  CD  or  diskettes 
To  run  diagnostics  from  the  diagnostic  CD  image  or  diagnostic  diskettes  that  you 
created,  use  the  following  procedure: 
1.    Make  sure  your  computer  is  turned  off. 
2.    If  you  are  running  diagnostics  from  diskettes  using  a  USB  diskette  drive,  plug 
in  the  USB  device. 
3.    Insert  the  CD  into  the  optical  drive  or  the  first  diagnostic  diskette  into  the 
diskette  drive. 
4.    Restart  the  computer. 
Note:   If  the  diagnostic  program  does  not  start,  you  might  not  have  your  optical 
drive  or  diskette  drive  set  as  a  startable  device.  See  “Selecting  a  startup 
device”  on  page  50  for  instructions  on  how  to  change  the  startup  device. 
5.    When  the  diagnostics  program  opens,  follow  the  instructions  on  the  screen. 
Note:   If  you  are  running  diagnostics  from  a  diskette,  when  prompted,  remove 
the  first  diskette  and  insert  the  second  diskette. 
6.    When  the  program  finishes,  be  sure  to  remove  the  CD  or  diskette  from  the 
drive. 
7.    Select  the  diagnostic  test  you  want  to  run.  Press  the  F1  key  for  additional  help.
Running  diagnostics  from  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace 
If  you  did  not  create  a  diagnostic  CD  image  or  diagnostic  diskettes,  you  can  run 
the  PC-Doctor  for  DOS  diagnostic  program  from  the  Rescue  and  Recovery 
workspace.  To  run  diagnostics  from  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace,  use  the 
following  procedure: 
1.    Shut  down  the  operating  system  and  turn  off  the  computer. 
2.    Repeatedly  press  and  release  the  F11  key  as  you  turn  on  the  computer. 
3.    When  you  hear  beeps  or  see  a  logo  screen,  stop  pressing  the  F11  key.  The 
Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace  opens. 
Note:   For  some  models,  press  the  Esc  key  to  enter  Rescue  and  Recovery. 
4.    From  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace,  select  Diagnose  hardware. 
5.    Follow  the  prompts  on  the  screen.  The  computer  will  reboot. 
6.    When  the  computer  restarts,  the  diagnostic  program  opens  automatically.  Select 
the  diagnostic  test  you  want  to  run.  Press  the  F1  key  for  additional  help.
Cleaning  the  mouse 
This  section  provides  instructions  on  how  to  clean  your  mouse.  The  procedure  will 
be  different  depending  on  whether  you  have  an  optical  or  non-optical  mouse. 
 
58  User  Guide

--- Page 75 ---
Optical  mouse 
An  optical  mouse  uses  a  light-emitting  diode  (LED)  and  an  optical  sensor  to 
navigate  the  pointer.  If  the  pointer  on  the  screen  does  not  move  smoothly  with  the 
optical  mouse,  you  might  need  to  clean  the  mouse.  Use  the  following  procedure  to 
clean  the  optical  mouse: 
1.    Turn  off  your  computer. 
2.    Disconnect  the  mouse  cable  from  the  computer. 
3.    Turn  the  mouse  upside  down  to  look  at  the  lens. 
a.    If  there  is  a  smudge  on  the  lens,  gently  clean  the  area  with  a  plain 
cotton-tipped  swab. 
b.    If  there  is  some  debris  in  the  lens,  gently  blow  the  debris  away  from  the 
area.
4.
    Check  the  surface  on  which  you  are  using  the  mouse.  If  you  have  a  very 
intricate  picture  or  pattern  beneath  the  mouse  it  may  be  difficult  for  the  digital 
signal  processor  (DSP)  to  determine  changes  in  the  mouse  position. 
5.    Reconnect  the  mouse  cable  to  the  computer. 
6.    Turn  your  computer  back  on.
Non-optical  mouse 
The  non-optical  mouse  uses  a  ball  to  navigate  the  pointer.  If  the  pointer  on  the 
screen  does  not  move  smoothly  with  the  mouse,  you  might  need  to  clean  the 
mouse.  Use  the  following  procedure  to  clean  the  non-optical  mouse: 
Note:   The  following  illustration  might  be  slightly  different  from  your  mouse.
  
 
 
1  Retainer  ring 
2  Ball 
3  Plastic  rollers 
4  Ball  cage
 
 
Chapter  7.  Troubleshooting  and  diagnostics  59

--- Page 76 ---
To  clean  a  mouse  with  a  ball,  follow  the  instructions  below: 
 
1.    Turn  off  your  computer. 
 
2.    Disconnect  the  mouse  cable  from  the  computer. 
 
3.    Turn  the  mouse  upside  down.  Twist  the  retainer  ring  1  to  the  unlocked 
position  to  remove  the  ball. 
 
4.    Place  your  hand  over  the  retainer  ring  and  ball  2,  and  then  turn  the  mouse 
right-side  up,  so  that  the  retainer  ring  and  ball  fall  out  into  your  hand. 
 
5.    Wash  the  ball  in  warm,  soapy  water  then  dry  it  with  a  clean  cloth. 
 
6.    Blow  air  carefully  into  the  ball  cage  4  to  dislodge  dust  and  lint. 
 
7.    Look  for  a  build  up  of  dirt  on  the  plastic  rollers  3  inside  the  ball  cage.  This 
build  up  usually  appears  as  a  stripe  running  across  the  middle  of  the  rollers. 
 
8.    If  the  rollers  are  dirty,  clean  them  by  using  a  cotton  swab  soaked  in  isopropyl 
(rubbing)  alcohol.  Turn  the  rollers  with  your  finger  and  continue  swabbing 
them  until  all  the  dirt  is  removed.  Be  sure  the  rollers  are  still  centered  in  their 
channels  after  you  clean  them. 
 
9.    Remove  any  fibers  from  the  swab  that  might  be  remaining  on  the  rollers. 
10.    Replace  the  ball  and  the  retainer  ring.  Twist  the  retainer  ring  to  the  locked 
position. 
11.    Reconnect  the  mouse  cable  to  the  computer. 
12.    Turn  your  computer  back  on.
 
60  User  Guide

--- Page 77 ---
Chapter  8.  Getting  information,  help,  and  service 
If  you  need  help,  service,  or  technical  assistance  or  just  want  more  information 
about  products  manufactured  by  Lenovo,  you  will  find  a  wide  variety  of  sources 
available  from  Lenovo  to  assist  you. 
Information  resources 
This  section  provides  information  on  how  to  access  useful  resources  relating  to 
your  computing  needs. 
Online  Books  folder 
The  Online  Books  folder  provides  publications  to  help  you  set  up  and  use  your 
computer.  The  Online  Books  folder  is  preinstalled  on  your  computer  and  requires 
no  Internet  access  to  view  the  publications.  In  addition  to  this  User  Guide  you  are 
reading,  the  Hardware  Replacement  Guide  is  also  available  in  the  Online  Books 
folder. 
The  Hardware  Replacement  Guide  provides  step-by-step  instructions  for  replacing 
Customer  Replacement  Units  (CRUs)  in  your  computer.  CRUs  are  computer  parts 
that  can  be  upgraded  or  replaced  by  the  customer. 
To  view  a  publication,  click  Start,  select  All  Programs,  select  Online  Books,  and 
click  Online  Books.  Double-click  on  the  appropriate  publication  for  your 
computer.  The  publications  also  are  available  on  the  Lenovo  Web  site  at 
http://www.lenovo.com. 
Notes:  
1.    These  publications  are  in  Portable  Document  Format  (PDF)  format,  which 
requires  Adobe  Acrobat  Reader  to  be  installed.  If  Adobe  Acrobat  Reader  has 
not  yet  been  installed  on  your  computer,  a  message  will  appear  when  you 
attempt  to  view  the  PDF  file  and  you  will  be  guided  through  the  Adobe 
Acrobat  Reader  installation. 
2.    The  publications  that  are  preinstalled  on  your  computer  are  available  in  other 
languages  on  the  Lenovo  Support  Web  site  at  http://www.lenovo.com/
support/.
 
3.    If  you  want  to  install  a  different  language  version  of  Adobe  Acrobat  Reader 
than  the  version  provided  on  your  computer,  go  to  the  Adobe  Web  site  at 
http://www.adobe.com  and  download  the  version  you  want  to  use.
ThinkVantage  Productivity  Center 
The  ThinkVantage  Productivity  Center  program  guides  you  to  a  host  of 
information  sources  and  tools  designed  to  make  computing  simpler  and  more 
secure  while  helping  to  reduce  costs  and  increase  productivity.  The  ThinkVantage 
Productivity  Center  program  helps  you  set  up,  understand,  and  enhance  your 
computer. 
The  ThinkVantage  Productivity  Center  program  provides  information  about  your 
computer  and  easy  access  to  various  technologies,  such  as: 
v    The  Rescue  and  Recovery  program 
v    Productivity  Center 
 
©  Lenovo  2005,  2006.  Portions  ©  IBM  Corp.  2005.  61

--- Page 78 ---
v    Client  Security  Solutions 
v    Factory  Recovery 
v    System  Updates 
v    Service  and  support
Note:
   ThinkVantage  Technologies  are  only  available  on  select  Lenovo  computers. 
To  access  the  ThinkVantage  Productivity  Center  program,  click  Start,  select  All 
Programs,  select  ThinkVantage,  and  click  Productivity  Center. 
Access  Help 
The  Access  Help  online  help  system  provides  information  about  getting  started, 
doing  basic  tasks,  customizing  settings  for  your  personal  preference,  protecting 
data,  expanding  and  upgrading,  and  troubleshooting. 
To  open  Access  Help,  click  Start,  select  All  Programs,  select  ThinkVantage,  and 
click  Access  Help.  After  you  have  opened  Access  Help,  use  the  left  panel  to  make 
a  selection  from  the  Contents  or  Index  tab,  or  use  the  Search  tab  to  find  a 
particular  word  or  phrase. 
Warranty  and  safety 
The  warranty  and  safety  information  that  is  provided  with  your  computer  contains 
information  on  safety,  warranty,  notices,  and  Customer  Replacement  Units  (CRUs). 
For  more  information  on  CRUs,  see  “Service”  on  page  vi. 
www.lenovo.com 
The  Lenovo  Web  site  (www.lenovo.com)  provides  an  extensive  amount  of 
information  and  services  to  help  you  buy,  upgrade,  and  maintain  your  computer. 
You  can  access  the  most  up-to-date  information  for  your  computer  on  the  Lenovo 
Web  site.  From  the  www.lenovo.com  Web  site,  you  can  also: 
v    Shop  for  desktop  and  notebook  computers,  monitors,  projectors,  upgrades  and 
accessories  for  your  computer,  and  special  offers. 
v    Purchase  additional  services,  such  as  support  for  hardware,  operating  systems, 
application  programs,  network  setup  and  configuration,  and  custom 
installations. 
v    Purchase  upgrades  and  extended  hardware  repair  services. 
v    Download  the  latest  device  drivers  and  software  updates  for  your  computer 
model. 
v    Access  the  online  manuals  for  your  products. 
v    Access  the  Lenovo  Statement  of  Limited  Warranty. 
v    Access  troubleshooting  and  support  information  for  your  computer  model  and 
other  supported  products. 
v    Find  the  service  and  support  phone  number  for  your  country  or  region. 
v    Find  a  service  provider  located  near  you.
Help  and  service 
If  you  need  help  and  service  for  your  computer,  you  will  find  a  wide  variety  of 
sources  available  to  help  you. 
 
62  User  Guide

--- Page 79 ---
Using  the  documentation  and  diagnostic  programs 
Many  computer  problems  can  be  solved  without  outside  assistance.  If  you 
experience  a  problem  with  your  computer,  see  Chapter  7,  “Troubleshooting  and 
diagnostics,”  on  page  55.  For  information  on  additional  resources  to  help  you 
troubleshoot  your  computer  problem,  see  “Information  resources”  on  page  61. 
If  you  suspect  a  software  problem,  see  the  documentation,  including  README 
files  and  online  help,  that  comes  with  the  operating  system  or  application  program. 
Most  computers  come  with  a  set  of  diagnostic  programs  that  you  can  use  to  help 
you  identify  hardware  problems.  For  instructions  on  using  the  diagnostic 
programs,  see  “Diagnostic  programs”  on  page  56. 
The  troubleshooting  information  or  the  diagnostic  programs  might  tell  you  that 
you  need  additional  or  updated  device  drivers  or  other  software.  Lenovo 
maintains  pages  on  the  World  Wide  Web  where  you  can  get  the  latest  technical 
information  and  download  device  drivers  and  updates.  To  access  these  pages,  go 
to  http://www.lenovo.com/support/  and  follow  the  instructions. 
Calling  for  service 
If  you  have  tried  to  correct  the  problem  yourself  and  still  need  help,  during  the 
warranty  period  you  can  get  help  and  information  by  telephone  through  the 
Customer  Support  Center.  The  following  services  are  available  during  the  warranty 
period: 
v    Problem  determination  -  Trained  personnel  are  available  to  assist  you  with 
determining  if  you  have  a  hardware  problem  and  deciding  what  action  is 
necessary  to  fix  the  problem. 
v    Hardware  repair  -  If  the  problem  is  determined  to  be  caused  by  hardware  under 
warranty,  trained  service  personnel  are  available  to  provide  the  applicable  level 
of  service. 
v    Engineering  Change  management  -  Occasionally,  there  might  be  changes  that 
are  required  after  a  product  has  been  sold.  Lenovo  or  your  reseller,  if  authorized 
by  Lenovo,  will  make  selected  Engineering  Changes  (ECs)  available  that  apply 
to  your  hardware.
Note:
   The  following  items  are  not  covered: 
v    Replacement  or  use  of  parts  not  manufactured  for  or  by  Lenovo  or 
nonwarranted  Lenovo  parts 
v    Identification  of  software  problem  sources 
v    Configuration  of  BIOS  as  part  of  an  installation  or  upgrade 
v    Changes,  modifications,  or  upgrades  to  device  drivers 
v    Installation  and  maintenance  of  network  operating  systems  (NOS) 
v    Installation  and  maintenance  of  application  programs
Refer
  to  the  warranty  and  safety  information  that  is  provided  with  your  computer 
for  a  full  explanation  of  warranty  terms.  Be  sure  to  retain  your  proof  of  purchase 
to  obtain  warranty  service. 
For  a  list  of  service  and  support  phone  numbers  for  your  country  or  region,  go  to 
http://www.lenovo.com/support/  and  click  Support  phone  list  or  refer  to  the 
warranty  and  safety  information  provided  with  your  computer. 
 
Chapter  8.  Getting  information,  help,  and  service  63

--- Page 80 ---
Note:   Phone  numbers  are  subject  to  change  without  notice.  If  the  number  for  your 
country  or  region  is  not  provided,  contact  your  Lenovo  reseller  or  Lenovo 
marketing  representative. 
If  possible,  be  at  your  computer  when  you  call  and  have  the  following  information 
available: 
v    Machine  type  and  model 
v    Serial  numbers  of  your  hardware  products 
v    Description  of  the  problem 
v    Exact  wording  of  any  error  messages 
v    Hardware  and  software  configuration  information
Using  other  services 
If  you  travel  with  your  computer  or  relocate  it  to  a  country  where  your  desktop  or 
notebook  computer  machine  type  is  sold,  your  computer  might  be  eligible  for 
International  Warranty  Service,  which  automatically  entitles  you  to  obtain  warranty 
service  throughout  the  warranty  period.  Service  will  be  performed  by  service 
providers  authorized  to  perform  warranty  service. 
Service  methods  and  procedures  vary  by  country,  and  some  services  might  not  be 
available  in  all  countries.  International  Warranty  Service  is  delivered  through  the 
method  of  service  (such  as  depot,  carry-in,  or  on-site  service)  that  is  provided  in 
the  servicing  country.  Service  centers  in  certain  countries  might  not  be  able  to 
service  all  models  of  a  particular  machine  type.  In  some  countries,  fees  and 
restrictions  might  apply  at  the  time  of  service. 
To  determine  whether  your  computer  is  eligible  for  International  Warranty  Service 
and  to  view  a  list  of  the  countries  where  service  is  available,  go  to 
http://www.lenovo.com/support/,  click  Warranty,  and  follow  the  instructions  on 
the  screen. 
For  technical  assistance  with  the  installation  of  or  questions  related  to  Service 
Packs  for  your  preinstalled  Microsoft  Windows  product,  refer  to  the  Microsoft 
Product  Support  Services  Web  site  at  http://support.microsoft.com/directory/,  or 
you  can  contact  the  Customer  Support  Center.  Some  fees  might  apply. 
Purchasing  additional  services 
During  and  after  the  warranty  period,  you  can  purchase  additional  services,  such 
as  support  for  hardware,  operating  systems,  and  application  programs;  network 
setup  and  configuration;  upgraded  or  extended  hardware  repair  services;  and 
custom  installations.  Service  availability  and  service  name  might  vary  by  country 
or  region.  For  more  information  about  these  services,  go  to  the  Lenovo  Web  site  at 
http://www.lenovo.com. 
 
64  User  Guide

--- Page 81 ---
Appendix  A.  Manual  modem  commands 
This  appendix  provides  commands  for  manually  programming  your  modem. 
Commands  are  accepted  by  the  modem  while  it  is  in  Command  Mode.  Your 
modem  is  automatically  in  Command  Mode  until  you  dial  a  number  and  establish 
a  connection.  Commands  can  be  sent  to  your  modem  from  a  PC  running 
communication  software  or  any  other  terminal  devices. 
All  commands  sent  to  the  modem  must  begin  with  AT  and  end  with  ENTER.  All 
commands  can  be  typed  in  either  upper  or  lower  case,  but  not  mixed.  To  make  the 
command  line  more  readable,  spaces  can  be  inserted  between  commands.  If  you 
omit  a  parameter  from  a  command  that  requires  one,  it  is  just  like  specifying  a 
parameter  of  0. 
Example: 
ATH  [ENTER] 
Note:   In  the  following  tables,  all  default  settings  are  printed  in  bold  text. 
Basic  AT  commands 
 
Command  Function 
A  Manually  answer  incoming  call. 
A/  Repeat  last  command  executed.  Do  not 
precede  A/  with  AT  or  follow  with  ENTER. 
D_  0  -  9,  A-D,  #  and  * 
L  last  number  redial 
P  pulse  dialing 
Note:  Pulse  dialing  is  not  supported  for 
Australia,  New  Zealand,  Norway,  and  South 
Africa. 
T  touch-tone  dialing 
W  wait  for  second  dial  tone 
,  pause 
@  wait  for  five  seconds  of  silence 
!  flash 
;  return  to  Command  Mode  after  dialing 
DS=n  Dial  one  of  the  four  telephone  numbers 
(n=0-3)  stored  in  the  modem  non-volatile 
memory. 
E_  E0  Commands  are  not  echoed 
E1  Commands  are  echoed 
+++  Escape  Characters  -  Switch  from  Data  Mode 
to  Command  Mode  (T.I.E.S.  Command) 
H_  H0  Force  modem  on-hook  (hang  up) 
 
©  Lenovo  2005,  2006.  Portions  ©  IBM  Corp.  2005.  65

--- Page 82 ---
Command  Function 
H1  Force  modem  off-hook  (make  busy) 
Note:  H1  command  is  not  supported  for  Italy 
I_  I0  Display  product-identification  code 
I1  Factory  ROM  checksum  test 
I2  Internal  memory  test 
I3  Firmware  ID 
I4  Reserved  ID 
L_  L0  Low  speaker  volume 
L1  Low  speaker  volume 
L2  Medium  speaker  volume 
L3  High  speaker  volume 
M_  M0  Internal  speaker  off 
M1  Internal  speaker  on  until  carrier  detected 
M2  Internal  speaker  always  on 
M3  Internal  speaker  on  until  carrier  detected  and 
off  while  dialing 
N_  Included  for  compatibility  only,  provides  no 
effect 
O_  O0  Return  to  Data  Mode 
O1  Return  to  Data  Mode  and  initiate  an  equalizer 
retrain 
P  Set  Pulse  dial  as  default 
Q_  Q0  Modem  sends  responses 
Sr?  Read  and  display  value  in  register  r. 
Sr=n  Set  register  r  to  value  n  (n  =  0-255). 
T  Set  Tone  Dial  as  default 
V_  V0  Numeric  responses 
V1  Word  responses 
W_  W0  Report  DTE  speed  only 
W1  Report  line  speed,  error  correction  protocol, 
and  DTE  speed. 
W2  Report  DCE  speed  only 
X_  X0  Hayes  Smartmodem  300  compatible 
responses/blind  dialing. 
X1  Same  as  X0  plus  all  CONNECT 
responses/blind  dialing 
X2  Same  as  X1  plus  dial  tone  detection 
X3  Same  as  X1  plus  busy  detection/blind  dialing 
X4  All  responses  and  dial  tone  and  busy  signal 
detection 
Z_  Z0  Reset  and  retrieve  active  profile  0 
Z1  Reset  and  retrieve  active  profile  1
 
 
66  User  Guide

--- Page 83 ---
Extended  AT  commands 
 
Command  Function 
&C_  &C0  Force  Carrier  Detect  Signal  High  (ON) 
&C1  Turn  on  CD  when  remote  carrier  is  present 
&D_  &D0  Modem  ignores  the  DTR  signal 
&D1  Modem  returns  to  Command  Mode  after  DTR 
toggle 
&D2  Modem  hangs  up,  returns  to  the  Command 
Mode  after  DTR  toggle 
&D3  Resets  modem  after  DTR  toggle 
&F_  &F  Recall  factory  default  configuration 
&G_  &G0  Guard  tone  disabled 
&G1  Guard  tone  disabled 
&G2  1800  Hz  guard  tone 
&K_  &K0  Disable  flow  control 
&K3  Enable  RTS/CTS  hardware  flow  control 
&K4  Enable  XON/XOFF  software  flow  control 
&K5  Enable  transparent  XON/XOFF  flow  control 
&K6  Enable  both  RTS/CTS  and  XON/XOFF  flow 
control 
&M_  &M0  Asynchronous  operation 
&P_  &P0  US  setting  for  off-hook-to-on-hook  ratio 
&P1  UK  and  Hong  Kong  off-hook-to-on-hook  ratio 
&P2  Same  as  &P0  setting  but  at  20  pulses  per 
minute 
&P3  Same  as  &P1  setting  but  at  20  pulses  per 
minute 
&R_  &R0  Reserved 
&R1  CTS  operates  per  flow  control  requirements 
&S_  &S0  Force  DSR  Signal  High  (ON) 
&S1  DSR  off  in  command  mode,  on  in  on-line 
mode 
&T_  &T0  Ends  test  in  progress 
&T1  Perform  Local  Analog  Loopback  Test 
&T3  Perform  Local  Digital  Loopback  Test 
&T4  Grant  Remote  Digital  Loopback  Test  request 
by  remote  modem 
&T5  Deny  Remote  Digital  Loopback  Test  request 
&T6  Perform  a  Remote  Digital  Loopback  Test 
&T7  Perform  a  Remote  Digital  Loopback  Test  and 
Self-Test 
&T8  Perform  Local  Analog  Loopback  Test  and 
Self-Test 
&V  &V0  Displays  Active  and  Stored  Profiles 
 
Appendix  A.  Manual  modem  commands  67

--- Page 84 ---
Command  Function 
&V1  Display  Last  Connection  Statistics 
&W_  &W0  Stores  the  active  profile  as  Profile  0 
&W1  Stores  the  active  profile  as  Profile  1 
%E_  %E0  Disable  auto-retrain 
%E1  Enable  auto-retrain 
+MS?  Displays  the  current  Select  Modulation 
settings 
+MS=?  Displays  a  list  of  supported  Select  Modulation 
options 
+MS=a,b,c,e,f  Select  modulation  where:  a=0,  1,  2,  3,  9,  10,  11, 
12,  56,  64,  69;  b=0-1;  c=300-56000;  d=300- 
56000;  e=0-1;  and  f=0-1.  A,  b,  c,  d,  e,  f 
default=12,  1,  300,  56000,  0,  0.  Parameter  “a” 
specifies  the  modulation  protocol  desired 
where:  0=V.21,  1=V.22,  2=V.22bis,  3=V.23, 
9=V.32,  10=V.32bis,  11=V.34, 
12=V.90,K56Flex,V.34......,56=K  56Flex, 
V.90,V.34......,  64=Bell  103,  and  69=Bell  212. 
Parameter  “b”  specifies  automode  operations 
where:  0=automode  disabled,  1=  automode 
enabled  with  V.8/V.32  Annex  A.  Parameter 
“c”  specifies  the  minimum  connection  data 
rate  (300-  56000).  Parameter  “d”  specifies  the 
maximum  connection  rate  (300-56000); 
Parameter  “e”  specifies  the  codec  type  (0= 
Law,  and  1=A-Law).  Parameter  “f”  specifies 
“robbed  bit”  signaling  detection  (0=detection 
disabled  1=detection  enabled)
  
MNP/V.42/V.42bis/V.44  commands 
 
Command  Function 
%C_  %C0  Disable  MNP  Class  5  and  V.42bis  data  compression 
%C1  Enable  MNP  Class  5  data  compression  only 
%C2  Enable  V.42bis  data  compression  only 
%C3  Enable  MNP  Class  5  and  V.42bis  data  compression 
&Q_  &Q0  Direct  data  link  only  (same  as  \N1) 
&Q5  V.42  data  link  with  fallback  options 
&Q6  Normal  data  link  only  (same  as  \N0) 
+DS44=0,  0  Disable  V.44 
+DS44=3,  0  Enable  V.44 
+DS44?  Current  values 
+DS44=?  List  of  support  values
  
 
 
68  User  Guide

--- Page 85 ---
Fax  Class  1  commands 
 
+FAE=n  Data/Fax  Auto  Answer 
+FCLASS=n  Service  Class 
+FRH=n  Receive  data  with  HDLC  framing 
+FRM=n  Receive  data 
+FRS=n  Receive  silence 
+FTH=n  Transmit  data  with  HDLC  framing 
+FTM=n  Transmit  data 
+FTS=n  Stop  transmission  and  wait
  
Fax  Class  2  commands 
 
+FCLASS=n  Services  class. 
+FAA=n  Adaptive  answer. 
+FAXERR  Fax  error  value. 
+FBOR  Phase  C  data  bit  order. 
+FBUF?  Buffer  size  (read  only). 
+FCFR  Indicate  confirmation  to  receive. 
+FCLASS=  Service  class. 
+FCON  Facsimile  connection  response. 
+FCIG  Set  the  polled  station  identification. 
+FCIG:  Report  the  polled  station  identification. 
+FCR  Capability  to  receive. 
+FCR=  Capability  to  receive. 
+FCSI:  Report  the  called  station  ID. 
+FDCC=  DCE  capabilities  parameters. 
+FDCS:  Report  current  session. 
+FDCS=  Current  session  results. 
+FDIS:  Report  remote  capabilities. 
+FDIS=  Current  sessions  parameters. 
+FDR  Begin  or  continue  phase  C  receive  data. 
+FDT=  Data  transmission. 
+FDTC:  Report  the  polled  station  capabilities. 
+FET:  Post  page  message  response. 
+FET=N  Transmit  page  punctuation. 
+FHNG  Call  termination  with  status. 
+FK  Session  termination. 
+FLID=  Local  ID  string. 
+FLPL  Document  for  polling. 
+FMDL?  Identify  model. 
+FMFR?  Identify  manufacturer. 
 
Appendix  A.  Manual  modem  commands  69

--- Page 86 ---
+FPHCTO  Phase  C  time  out. 
+FPOLL  Indicates  polling  request. 
+FPTS:  Page  transfer  status. 
+FPTS=  Page  transfer  status. 
+FREV?  Identify  revision. 
+FSPT  Enable  polling. 
+FTSI:  Report  the  transmit  station  ID.
  
Voice  commands 
 
#BDR  Select  Baud  Rate 
#CID  Enable  Caller  ID  detection  and  reporting  format 
#CLS  Select  Data,  Fax  or  Voice/Audio 
#MDL?  Identify  Model 
#MFR?  Identify  Manufacturer 
#REV?  Identify  Revision  Level 
#TL  Audio  output  transmit  level 
#VBQ?  Query  Buffer  Size 
#VBS  Bits  per  sample  (ADPCM  or  PCM) 
#VBT  Beep  Tone  Timer 
#VCI?  Identify  Compression  Method 
#VLS  Voice  line  select 
#VRA  Ringback  goes  away  timer 
#VRN  Ringback  never  came  timer 
#VRX  Voice  Receive  Mode 
#VSDB  Silence  deletion  tuner 
#VSK  Buffer  skid  setting 
#VSP  Silence  detection  period 
#VSR  Sampling  rate  selection 
#VSS  Silence  deletion  tuner 
#VTD  DTMF  tone  reporting  capability 
#VTM  Enable  timing  mark  placement 
#VTS  Generate  tone  signals 
#VTX  Voice  transmit  mode
 
 
70  User  Guide

--- Page 87 ---
Attention  Switzerland  User: 
If  your  Swisscom  phone  line  does  not  have  Taxsignal  switched  OFF,  modem 
function  may  be  impaired.  The  impairment  may  be  resolved  by  a  filter  with 
the  following  specifications: 
Telekom  PTT  SCR-BE 
Taximpulssperrfilter-12kHz 
PTT  Art.  444.112.7 
Bakom  93.0291.Z.N 
 
Appendix  A.  Manual  modem  commands  71

--- Page 89 ---
Appendix  B.  Notices 
Lenovo  may  not  offer  the  products,  services,  or  features  discussed  in  this 
document  in  all  countries.  Consult  your  local  Lenovo  representative  for 
information  on  the  products  and  services  currently  available  in  your  area.  Any 
reference  to  a  Lenovo  product,  program,  or  service  is  not  intended  to  state  or 
imply  that  only  that  Lenovo  product,  program,  or  service  may  be  used.  Any 
functionally  equivalent  product,  program,  or  service  that  does  not  infringe  any 
Lenovo  intellectual  property  right  may  be  used  instead.  However,  it  is  the  user’s 
responsibility  to  evaluate  and  verify  the  operation  of  any  other  product,  program, 
or  service. 
Lenovo  may  have  patents  or  pending  patent  applications  covering  subject  matter 
described  in  this  document.  The  furnishing  of  this  document  does  not  give  you 
any  license  to  these  patents.  You  can  send  license  inquiries,  in  writing,  to: 
   
Lenovo  (United  States),  Inc. 
   
500  Park  Offices  Drive,  Hwy.  54 
   
Research  Triangle  Park,  NC  27709 
   
U.S.A. 
   
Attention:  Lenovo  Director  of  Licensing
LENOVO
  GROUP  LTD.  PROVIDES  THIS  PUBLICATION  “AS  IS”  WITHOUT 
WARRANTY  OF  ANY  KIND,  EITHER  EXPRESS  OR  IMPLIED,  INCLUDING,  BUT 
NOT  LIMITED  TO,  THE  IMPLIED  WARRANTIES  OF  NON-INFRINGEMENT, 
MERCHANTABILITY  OR  FITNESS  FOR  A  PARTICULAR  PURPOSE.  Some 
jurisdictions  do  not  allow  disclaimer  of  express  or  implied  warranties  in  certain 
transactions,  therefore,  this  statement  may  not  apply  to  you. 
This  information  could  include  technical  inaccuracies  or  typographical  errors. 
Changes  are  periodically  made  to  the  information  herein;  these  changes  will  be 
incorporated  in  new  editions  of  the  publication.  Lenovo  may  make  improvements 
and/or  changes  in  the  product(s)  and/or  the  program(s)  described  in  this 
publication  at  any  time  without  notice. 
The  products  described  in  this  document  are  not  intended  for  use  in  implantation 
or  other  life  support  applications  where  malfunction  may  result  in  injury  or  death 
to  persons.  The  information  contained  in  this  document  does  not  affect  or  change 
Lenovo  product  specifications  or  warranties.  Nothing  in  this  document  shall 
operate  as  an  express  or  implied  license  or  indemnity  under  the  intellectual 
property  rights  of  Lenovo  or  third  parties.  All  information  contained  in  this 
document  was  obtained  in  specific  environments  and  is  presented  as  an 
illustration.  The  result  obtained  in  other  operating  environments  may  vary. 
Lenovo  may  use  or  distribute  any  of  the  information  you  supply  in  any  way  it 
believes  appropriate  without  incurring  any  obligation  to  you. 
Any  references  in  this  publication  to  non-Lenovo  Web  sites  are  provided  for 
convenience  only  and  do  not  in  any  manner  serve  as  an  endorsement  of  those  Web 
sites.  The  materials  at  those  Web  sites  are  not  part  of  the  materials  for  this  Lenovo 
product,  and  use  of  those  Web  sites  is  at  your  own  risk. 
Any  performance  data  contained  herein  was  determined  in  a  controlled 
environment.  Therefore,  the  result  obtained  in  other  operating  environments  may 
 
©  Lenovo  2005,  2006.  Portions  ©  IBM  Corp.  2005.  73

--- Page 90 ---
vary  significantly.  Some  measurements  may  have  been  made  on  development-level 
systems  and  there  is  no  guarantee  that  these  measurements  will  be  the  same  on 
generally  available  systems.  Furthermore,  some  measurements  may  have  been 
estimated  through  extrapolation.  Actual  results  may  vary.  Users  of  this  document 
should  verify  the  applicable  data  for  their  specific  environment. 
Television  output  notice 
The  following  notice  applies  to  models  that  have  the  factory-installed 
television-output  feature. 
This  product  incorporates  copyright  protection  technology  that  is  protected  by 
method  claims  of  certain  U.S.  patents  and  other  intellectual  property  rights  owned 
by  Macrovision  Corporation  and  other  rights  owners.  Use  of  this  copyright 
protection  technology  must  be  authorized  by  Macrovision  Corporation,  and  is 
intended  for  home  and  other  limited  viewing  uses  only  unless  otherwise 
authorized  by  Macrovision  Corporation.  Reverse  engineering  or  disassembly  is 
prohibited. 
Trademarks 
The  following  terms  are  trademarks  of  Lenovo  in  the  United  States,  other 
countries,  or  both: 
   
Lenovo 
   
Rescue  and  Recovery 
   
ThinkCentre 
   
ThinkVantage 
Wake  on  LAN  is  a  trademark  of  International  Business  Machines  Corporation  in 
the  United  States,  other  countries,  or  both. 
Microsoft  and  Windows  are  trademarks  of  Microsoft  Corporation  in  the  United 
States,  other  countries,  or  both. 
Intel,  Celeron,  Core,  and  Pentium  are  trademarks  of  Intel  Corporation  in  the 
United  States,  other  countries,  or  both. 
Linux  is  a  trademark  of  Linus  Torvalds  in  the  United  States,  other  countries,  or 
both. 
Other  company,  product,  or  service  names  may  be  trademarks  or  service  marks  of 
others. 
 
74  User  Guide

--- Page 91 ---
Index 
A
Access  Help  62 
adapter
connectors
  25 
installing  25 
peripheral  component  interconnect  (PCI)  14 
antivirus  software,  updating  9 
arranging  your  workspace  1 
audio  line  in  connector  20 
audio  line  out  connector  20 
audio  subsystem  12 
B
battery,  changing  37 
BIOS,  updating  (flashing)  53 
C
cables,  connecting  39 
changing
startup
  device  sequence  51 
changing  the  battery  37 
closing  the  cover  39 
CMOS,  clearing  38 
components,  internal  22 
computer
connecting
  3 
shutting  down  9 
turning  on  computer  8 
connecting  drives  30 
connector  description  20 
connectors
front
  18 
rear  19 
cover
closing  39 
opening  21 
Customer  Replacement  Units  (CRUs)  62 
Customer  Support  Center  63 
D
device  drivers  20 
installing  46 
recovering  46 
diagnostic
CD  image  8,  57,  58 
diskettes  8,  57,  58 
PC-Doctor  for  DOS  56,  57 
PC-Doctor  for  Windows  56,  57 
programs  56,  63 
Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace  58 
diagnostic  CD  image
creating
  57 
running  58 
diagnostic  diskettes
creating
  57 
running  58 
drives
bays
  28 
internal  27 
specifications  28 
dual  inline  memory  modules  (DIMMs)  24 
E
environment,  operating  15 
Ethernet  12 
Ethernet  connector  20 
exiting,  Setup  Utility  51 
expansion  adapters  12 
external  options  18 
F
features  11 
H
help  and  service  62 
I
information  resources  61 
input/output  (I/O)  features  12 
installing
operating  system  9 
software  8 
installing  options
adapters
  25 
internal  drives  27 
memory  modules  24 
security  features  34 
internal  drives  12 
L
Lenovo  Web  site  62 
locating  components  22 
M
manual  modem  commands  65 
memory
installing  24 
modem  commands
Basic
  AT  65 
Extended  AT  67 
Fax  Class  1  69 
Fax  Class  2  69 
MNP/V.42/V.42bis/V.44  68 
Voice  70 
mouse,  cleaning
non-optical
  59 
optical  mouse  59 
 
©  Lenovo  2005,  2006.  Portions  ©  IBM  Corp.  2005.  75

--- Page 92 ---
N
non-optical  mouse  59 
notices  73 
O
Online  Books  folder  61 
opening  the  cover  21 
operating  system
installing
  9 
updating  9 
optical  mouse  59 
options  14 
available  14 
external  14 
internal  14 
P
parallel  connector  20 
password
administrator
  50 
erasing  38 
lost  or  forgotten  38 
setting,  changing,  deleting  50 
user  50 
passwords
considerations  49 
PCI  adapter  25 
physical  specifications  15 
power
Advanced  Configuration  and  Power  Interface  (ACPI) 
support  13 
Advanced  Power  Management  support  13 
features  13 
turning  off  computer  9 
turning  on  8 
power-on  self-test  (POST)  53 
product  recovery  disks  41 
R
recovering  software  41 
recovery  problems  44 
Recovery  Repair  diskette  45 
Rescue  and  Recovery  41 
backup  42 
restore  42 
workspace  43 
rescue  media  44 
riser  card  26 
S
safety  information  v 
security
cable
  lock  36 
features  13 
selecting
startup  device  50 
temporary  startup  device  50 
serial  connector  20 
Setup  Utility  49 
startup  sequence  46 
software
installing  8 
recovering  41 
specifications  15 
startup  sequence,  rescue  device  46 
system  board
connectors
  23 
identifying  parts  23 
location  23 
memory  14,  24 
system  management  12 
system  programs  53 
T
ThinkVantage  Productivity  Center  61 
trademarks  74 
troubleshooting  55 
U
updating
(flashing)
  BIOS  53 
antivirus  software  9 
operating  system  9 
updating  system  programs  53 
USB  connectors  20 
using
passwords  49 
Setup  Utility  49 
V
video  subsystem  12 
W
warranty  information  62
 
76  User  Guide

--- Page 94 ---
Part  Number:  41X6154
  
Printed  in  USA 
 
  
(1P)  P/N:  41X6154

