Brand: IBM
Model: Intellistation Z Pro
URL: https://www.manua.ls/ibm/intellistation-z-pro/manual
Total Pages: 182
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
IntelliStation Z Pro
Types6223and6227
Hard ware Maintenan ce M anual an d
Troubleshooting Guide


--- Page 3 ---
IntelliStation Z Pro
Types6223and6227
Hard ware Maintenan ce M anual an d
Troubleshooting Guide


--- Page 4 ---
Notes
v Before using this information and the product it supports, read the general information in Appendix B, “Safety information,”
on page 127, and Appendix C, “Notices,” on page 161.
v The most recent version of this document is available at http://www.ibm.com/pc/support.
12th (July 2010)
© Copyright IBM Corporation 2004, 2009.
US Government Users Restricted Rights – Use, duplication or disclosure restricted by GSA ADP Schedule Contract
with IBM Corp.

--- Page 5 ---
About this document
This document contains basic configuration information, diagnostic information, error
codes, error messages, service information, and a symptom-to-FRU index for the
IBM
®
IntelliStation
®
Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227 computers.
Important: The field replaceable unit (FRU) procedures in this document are
intended for trained servicers who are familiar with IBM products.
Customer replacement units (CRUs) can be replaced by the customer.
See Chapter 7, “Parts listing Types 6223 and 6227,” on page 115, to
determine if the component being replaced is a FRU or a CRU. Before
servicing an IBM product, be sure to read Appendix B, “Safety
information,” on page 127.
Important safety information
Be sure to read all caution and danger statements in this book before performing
any of the instructions.
Leia todas as instruções de cuidado e perigo antes de executar qualquer operação.
Prenez connaissance de toutes les consignes de type Attention et
Danger avant de procéder aux opérations décrites par les instructions.
Lesen Sie alle Sicherheitshinweise, bevor Sie eine Anweisung ausführen.
Accertarsi di leggere tutti gli avvisi di attenzione e di pericolo prima di effettuare
qualsiasi operazione.
Lea atentamente todas las declaraciones de precaución y peligro ante de llevar a
cabo cualquier operación.
WARNING: Handling the cord on this product or cords associated with accessories
sold with this product, will expose you to lead, a chemical known to the State of
California to cause cancer, and birth defects or other reproductive harm. Wash
hands after handling.
ADVERTENCIA: El contacto con el cable de este producto o con cables de
accesorios que se venden junto con este producto, pueden exponerle al plomo, un
elemento químico que en el estado de California de los Estados Unidos está
considerado como un causante de cancer y de defectos congénitos, además de
otros riesgos reproductivos. Lávese las manos después de usar el producto.
© Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2009 iii

--- Page 6 ---
Online support
You can download the most current diagnostic, BIOS flash, and device-driver files
from http://www.ibm.com/support.
iv IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 7 ---
Contents
About this document ......................iii
Important safety information ....................iii
Online support .........................iv
Chapter 1. Introduction ......................1
Related documentation ......................1
Notices and statements used in this document..............2
Features and specifications.....................3
What your computer offers .....................4
Reliability, availability, and serviceability features .............4
Controls, LEDs, and connectors ...................6
Turning on the computer ......................8
Turning off the computer ......................9
Chapter 2. Configuring the computer ................11
Starting the Configuration/Setup Utility program .............12
Chapter 3. Diagnostics .....................13
General checkout ........................13
Diagnostic tools overview .....................14
Power-on self-test (POST).....................15
POST beep codes ......................15
POST error messages .....................16
Diagnostic programs and error messages ...............16
Text messages ........................16
Starting the diagnostic programs and viewing the test log ........17
Small computer system interface (SCSI) messages ...........17
PC-Doctor for Windows......................18
Updating (flash-updating) the BIOS code on the computer .........18
Recovering from a POST/BIOS update failure .............19
Erasing a lost or forgotten password (clearing CMOS) ..........20
Replacing the battery ......................21
Power checkout ........................22
Chapter 4. Installing options ...................23
Installation guidelines ......................23
System reliability considerations .................23
Handling static-sensitive devices .................23
Installing options in your computer..................24
Major components of your computer ................24
Removing the side cover ....................25
Removing the bezel ......................26
Installing an adapter ......................26
Cabling an optional SCSI adapter .................30
Installing a drive .......................31
Installing memory modules ...................41
Installing a second microprocessor ................44
Installing an external SCSI cable .................48
Installing a security rope clip ...................49
Replacing the bezel ......................50
Replacing the side cover ....................51
Connecting external options ....................52
Input/output connectors ......................53
© Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2009 v

--- Page 8 ---
Audio connectors .......................54
Auxiliary-device (pointing-device) connector .............54
Ethernet (RJ-45) connector ...................54
IEEE 1394A (FireWire) connector .................55
Keyboard connector ......................55
Parallel connector .......................55
Serial connectors .......................56
Ultra320 SCSI connector ....................56
Universal Serial Bus connectors .................57
Video connector .......................57
Chapter 5. Field replaceable units .................59
Microprocessor and heat sink ...................60
CD-ROM drive .........................61
Non-hot swap power supply ....................62
Rear-adapter retention bracket ...................63
I/O card retainer ........................64
Front (microprocessor) fan ....................65
Hard drive fan .........................66
Power/LED switch assembly ....................68
Card/bracket assembly ......................69
Speaker ...........................70
System board .........................71
System board option connectors .................71
System board internal connectors .................72
System board external connectors.................73
System board error LEDs ....................74
System board jumpers and switches ................75
Removing the system board ...................76
Top/side cover .........................78
Bezel-release latch .......................79
Handle assembly ........................81
Chapter 6. Symptom-to-FRU index .................83
Beep symptoms ........................83
No-beep symptoms .......................85
POST error codes........................85
Diagnostic error codes ......................90
Diagnostic error LEDs ......................95
Error symptoms ........................95
Hot-swap power-supply LED errors .................103
Service processor error codes ...................104
SCSI error codes .......................104
ServeRAID error codes .....................105
POST (ISPR) error procedures ..................107
Temperature error messages ...................109
Fan error messages ......................109
Power error messages......................110
System shutdown .......................110
Voltage-related system shutdown.................110
Temperature-related system shutdown ...............111
Hard disk drive checkout .....................111
Host built-in self test (BIST) ....................112
Bus fault messages.......................112
Undetermined problems .....................113
Problem determination tips ....................114
vi IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 9 ---
Chapter 7. Parts listing Types 6223 and 6227 ............115
System ...........................116
System replaceable units.....................117
Recovery CD (Windows XP) ...................121
Keyboards (CRUs) .......................121
Power cords (CRUs) ......................122
Appendix A. Getting help and technical assistance ..........125
Before you call ........................125
Using the documentation.....................125
Getting help and information from the World Wide Web .........126
Software service and support ...................126
Hardware service and support ...................126
Appendix B. Safety information .................127
General safety ........................127
Electrical safety ........................128
Safety inspection guide .....................129
Handling electrostatic discharge-sensitive devices ...........130
Grounding requirements .....................130
Safety notices (multilingual translations) ...............131
Appendix C. Notices ......................161
Edition notice .........................161
Trademarks..........................162
Important notes ........................163
Product recycling and disposal ..................163
Battery return program .....................164
Electronic emission notices ....................164
Federal Communications Commission (FCC) statement ........164
Industry Canada Class B emission compliance statement........165
Avis de conformité à la réglementation d’Industrie Canada .......165
European Union EMC Directive conformance statement ........165
Japanese Voluntary Control Council for Interference (VCCI) statement 165
Index ............................167
Contents vii

--- Page 10 ---
viii IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 11 ---
Chapter 1. Introduction
The IBM IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227 incorporates many of the latest
advances in computing technology and can be expanded and upgraded as your
needs change.
You can obtain up-to-date information about your computer and other IBM computer
products at http://www.ibm.com/pc/intellistation/.
Note: The illustrations in this document might differ slightly from your hardware.
Related documentation
This Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide is provided in
Portable Document Format (PDF). It contains information to help a user solve
problems or to provide helpful information to a service technician. The following
documents also come with the computer:
v Installation Guide
This printed document contains setup and installation instructions.
v User’s Guide
This document is in Portable Document Format (PDF) on the IBM IntelliStation
Documentation CD. It contains detailed information about your computer and how
to use and configure the functions of the computer.
v Safety Information
This document is in Portable Document Format (PDF) on the IBM IntelliStation
Documentation CD. It contains translated caution and danger statements. Each
caution and danger statement that appears in the documentation has a number
that you can use to locate the corresponding statement in your language in the
Safety Information document.
v Adaptec SCSI documentation
This document is in PDF on the Device Drivers CD. It contains information and
instructions for installing and configuring small computer system interface (SCSI)
device drivers and devices.
v Readme files on the Device Drivers CD
Several readme files on this CD contain information about the preinstalled device
drivers. Other readme files on this CD contain information about the various
adapters and devices that might be installed in or attached to your computer.
v IBM IntelliStation Documentation CD
This CD contains all of the IBM IntelliStation Z Pro Type 6223 documents in
Portable Document Format (PDF).
Depending on your computer model, additional documentation might be included on
the IBM IntelliStation Documentation CD.
© Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2009 1

--- Page 12 ---
Your computer might have features that are not described in the documentation that
you received with the computer. The documentation might be updated occasionally
to include information about those features, or technical updates might be available
to provide additional information that is not included in your computer
documentation. These updates are available from the IBM Web site. Complete the
following steps to check for updated documentation and technical updates:
1. Go to http://www.ibm.com/pc/support/.
2. In the Learn section, click Publications.
3. On the “Publications” page, in the Brand field, select IntelliStation.
4. In the Family field, select IntelliStation Z Pro.
5. Click Continue.
Notices and statements used in this document
The caution and danger statements that appear in this document are also in the
multilingual Safety Information document, which is on the IBM IntelliStation
Documentation CD. Each statement is numbered for reference to the corresponding
statement in the Safety Information document.
The following notices and statements are used in this document:
v Notes: These notices provide important tips, guidance, or advice.
v Important: These notices provide information or advice that might help you avoid
inconvenient or problem situations.
v Attention: These notices indicate potential damage to programs, devices, or
data. An attention notice is placed just before the instruction or situation in which
damage could occur.
v Caution: These statements indicate situations that can be potentially hazardous
to you. A caution statement is placed just before the description of a potentially
hazardous procedure step or situation.
v Danger: These statements indicate situations that can be potentially lethal or
extremely hazardous to you. A danger statement is placed just before the
description of a potentially lethal or extremely hazardous procedure step or
situation.
2 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 13 ---
Features and specifications
The following table provides a summary of the features and specifications of your
computer. Depending on your model, some features might not be available, or
some specifications might not apply.
Table 1. Features and specifications
Microprocessor:
v Supports up to two Intel
®
Xeon
microprocessors
v 1 MB Level-2 cache
v 800 MHz front-side bus (FSB)
Memory:
v Minimum: 512 MB
v Maximum: 8 GB (depending on your
configuration)
v Type: PC2-3200 double-data-rate 2
(DDR2) registered
v Connectors: six dual inline memory
module (DIMM) connectors
Internal Drives:
v Hard disk drive: SCSI or Serial ATA
(SATA)
v One of the following optical drives:
– CD-ROM: IDE
– DVD/CD-RW combo: IDE
– CD-RW: IDE
Expansion bays:
v Three slim-high 3.5-inch drive bays
(one hard disk drive installed in some
models)
v Two half-high 5.25-inch bays (optical
drive installed in one bay)
v One slim-high 3.5-inch
removable-media or hard disk drive
bay
PCI expansion slots:
v Two 33 MHz/32-bit PCI, 5.0 V
signaling
v Two 100 MHz/64-bit PCI-X slots, 3.3
V signaling
v One 133 MHz/64-bit PCI-X slot, 3.3 V
signaling
v One PCI Express x16 slot
Power supply:
One 530 watts (115-230 V ac)
Cooling:
Four speed-controlled fans
Integrated functions:
v Broadcom 5721 10/100/1000 Ethernet
controller with RJ-45 Ethernet connector
v Integrated RAID capability
v Integrated SCSI controller with two
Ultra320 SCSI ports (one internal, one
optional external)
v Two serial ports
v One parallel port
v Dual port Serial ATA controller
v Two IEEE 1394A (FireWire) ports
(four-pin on front, six-pin on rear)
v Six Universal Serial Bus (USB) ports
(two on front and four on rear)
v Keyboard port
v Mouse port
v Audio ports
– Line out (front and rear)
– Mic (front and rear)
– Line in (rear only)
v ATA-100 single-channel IDE controller
Video adapter: (depending on your
model)
v NVIDIA Quadro NVS 280 (DMS-59),
PCI Express x16, with 64 MB DDR
synchronous dynamic random access
memory (SDRAM) video memory and
dual analog connectors (or dual digital
monitor capability with the purchase of
an additional pigtail cable)
v NVIDIA Quadro FX 1300 (DVI-I), PCI
Express x16, with 128 MB DDR
SDRAM video memory with dual DVI-I
connectors
v NVIDIA Quadro FX 3400 (DVI-I), PCI
Express x16, with 256 MB GDDR3
SDRAM video memory with dual DVI-I
connectors
Electrical input:
v Sine-wave input (50 or 60 Hz) required
v Input voltage and frequency ranges
automatically selected
v Input voltage low range:
– Minimum: 90 V ac
– Maximum: 137 V ac
v Input voltage high range:
– Minimum: 180 V ac
– Maximum: 265 V ac
v Input kilovolt-amperes (kVA)
approximately:
– Minimum: 0.24 kVA
– Maximum: 0.86 kVA
Heat output:
Approximate heat output in British thermal
units (Btu) per hour:
v Minimum configuration: 787 Btu (230 watts)
v Maximum configuration: 2780 Btu (815
watts)
Environment:
v Air temperature:
– Computer on: 10° to 35°C (50° to 95°F).
Altitude: 0 to 2134 m (7000 ft)
– Computer off: -40° to +60°C (-40° to
140°F). Maximum altitude: 2133 m (7000
ft)
v Humidity (operating and storage): 8% to
80%
Acoustical noise emissions:
v Sound power, idle: 5.0 bel
v Sound power, operating: 5.3 bel
Size:
v Height: 469.9 mm (18.5 in.)
v Depth: 495.3 mm (19.5 in.)
v Width: 215.9 mm (8.5 in.)
v Weight: 16.2 kg (36 lb) to 22.6 kg (50 lb)
depending upon configuration
Notes:
1. Power consumption and heat output vary
depending on the number and type of
optional features installed and the
power-management optional features in
use.
2. These levels were measured in controlled
acoustical environments according to the
procedures specified by the American
National Standards Institute (ANSI) S12.10
and ISO 7779 and are reported in
accordance with ISO 9296. Actual
sound-pressure levels in a given location
might exceed the average values stated
because of room reflections and other
nearby noise sources. The declared
sound-power levels indicate an upper limit,
below which a large number of computers
will operate.
Chapter 1. Introduction
3

--- Page 14 ---
What your computer offers
Your computer uses the following features and technologies:
v Multiple microprocessor capability
Your computer can be upgraded to a symmetric multiprocessing (SMP) computer
through a microprocessor upgrade.
v PCI Express, x16, graphics
Your computer comes with a graphics adapter installed in the PCI Express x16
slot (slot 1). This high-performance adapter supports high resolutions and
includes many performance-enhancing features for your operating-system
environment.
v Large system-memory capacity
Your computer supports up to 8 GB (when using 2 GB double-rank DIMMs) of
system memory. The memory controller provides error correcting code (ECC)
support for up to four industry-standard PC2-3200, 1.8 V, 240-pin, 400 megahertz
(MHz) (bus speed) registered, double-data-rate (DDR), synchronous dynamic
random access memory (SDRAM) dual inline memory modules (DIMMs).
Note: The Microsoft Windows XP operating systems recognize and support a
maximum of 4 GB of system memory.
v Systems-management capabilities
Your computer comes with features that a network administrator or server can
use to remotely manage and control the computer. These features include Wake
on LAN, Remote Administration, and IBM Director Agent.
The memory controller in your computer provides Chipkill memory protection if
the DIMMs are 1 GB or larger. Chipkill memory protection is a technology that
protects the computer from a single chip failure on a DIMM.
v Integrated network support
Your computer comes with an integrated Ethernet controller, which supports
connection to a 10-Mbps, 100-Mbps, or 1-Gbps network. The controller supports
Wake on LAN technology.
Reliability, availability, and serviceability features
Three important computer design features are reliability, availability, and
serviceability (RAS). The RAS features help to ensure the integrity of the data that
is stored in your computer, the availability of the computer when you need it, and
the ease with which you can diagnose and repair problems.
Your computer has the following RAS features:
v 24 hours a day, 7 days a week
1
customer support
v 3-year limited warranty
v Advanced Configuration and Power Interface (ACPI)
v Auto-restart initial program load (IPL) power supply
v Automatic computer restart after a power failure
v Automatic error retry or recovery
v Boot-block recovery
v Built-in, menu-driven configuration and setup programs
1. Service availability will vary by country. Response time varies; may exclude holidays.
4 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 15 ---
v Built-in, menu-driven SCSI configuration programs (some models)
v Diagnostic programs
v Cooling fans with speed-sensing capability
v Error codes and messages
v Error correcting code (ECC) double-data-rate (DDR) synchronous dynamic
random access memory (SDRAM) with serial presence detect (SPD)
v Hard disk drive partition-based diagnostic programs
v Integrated Ethernet controller
v Monitoring support for temperatures, voltages, and fan speed
v Power-on self-test (POST)
v Self-Monitoring Analysis and Reporting Technology (SMART) on hard disk drives
for early prediction of failures
v Read-only memory (ROM) checksums
v Upgradeable basic input/output system (BIOS) and POST code
v Wake on LAN capability
Chapter 1. Introduction 5

--- Page 16 ---
Controls, LEDs, and connectors
The following illustration shows the controls, LEDs, and front connectors on the
IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227 computers. See “Input/output connectors”
on page 53 for an illustration and description of the connectors on the rear of the
computer.
Power on LED
Power control button
Hard disk drive activity LED
Ethernet transmit/receive activity LED
System error LED
CD-ROM drive activity LED
CD-eject button
Line-out connector
USB connectors
Microphone connector
IEEE 1394A (FireWire)
connector
Diskette drive activity LED
Diskette eject button
1394
Power-on LED
When this LED is lit and not flashing, it indicates that the computer is
turned on. When this LED is flashing, it indicates that the computer is off
and still connected to an ac power source (standby mode).
Power-control button
Press this button to turn the computer on or off.
Hard disk drive activity LED
When this LED is lit, it indicates that the hard disk drive is in use.
Ethernet transmit/receive activity LED
When this LED is flickering, it indicates that there is activity between the
computer and the network. There are two of these LEDs, one on the front
and one on the rear of the computer.
Ethernet link status LED
When this LED is lit, it indicates that there is an active connection on the
Ethernet port. This LED is located on the rear of the computer.
6 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 17 ---
System-error LED
When this amber LED is lit, it indicates that a system error has occurred.
An LED on the system board is also lit to help isolate the error.
CD-ROM drive activity LED
When this LED is lit, it indicates that the CD-ROM drive is in use.
CD-eject button
Press this button to insert a CD into or remove a CD from the CD-ROM
drive.
Line out connector (green)
Use this connector to send audio signals from the computer to external
devices, such as speakers with built-in amplifiers, headphones, multimedia
keyboards, or the audio line-in jack on a stereo system.
Mic connector (pink)
Use this connector to connect a microphone to your computer when you
want to record voices or other sounds on the hard disk. You can also use
this connector (and a microphone) with speech recognition software.
USB connectors
Use these connectors to connect USB devices to your computer, using
redundant Plug and Play technology.
IEEE 1394A (FireWire) connectors
Use these connectors (four-pin on the front and six-pin on the rear) to
connect FireWire devices, such as digital video cameras and external hard
disk drives.
Diskette-eject button
Press this button to release a diskette from the diskette drive.
Diskette drive activity LED
When this LED is lit, it indicates that the diskette drive is in use.
Chapter 1. Introduction 7

--- Page 18 ---
Turning on the computer
Note: When you connect the power cord to the computer and an ac power source,
the power-supply fan will run and continue to run when the computer is in
standby mode to provide cooling to the power supply.
When the computer is connected to an ac power source but is not turned on, the
operating system does not run, and all core logic is shut down; however, the
computer can respond to remote requests to turn on the computer. The power-on
LED flashes to indicate that the computer is connected to an ac power source but is
not turned on.
Notes:
1. Turn on all external devices, such as the monitor, before turning on the
computer.
2. The power-on LED on the front of the computer is lit when the computer is on
and while it is being turned on.
Approximately 20 seconds after the computer is connected to ac power, the
power-control button becomes active, and you can turn on the computer and start
the operating system by pressing the power-control button. The computer can also
be turned on in any of the following ways:
v If a power failure occurs while the computer is turned on, the computer will
restart automatically when power is restored.
v When you connect the computer to power for the first time, the Wake on LAN
feature can turn on the computer. If the computer was previously turned on, it
must be turned off correctly for the Wake on LAN feature to turn on the
computer.
What you see and hear when you start the computer depends on the features that
are installed and the settings in the Configuration/Setup Utility program.
If the power-on self-test (POST) detects a problem, there might be a series of
beeps or no beep, and a numeric error message might appear on the screen. Write
down any beep series and error code numbers with descriptions, and then see
Chapter 6, “Symptom-to-FRU index,” on page 83 for an explanation of the error
codes.
8 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 19 ---
Turning off the computer
Note: When you connect the power cord to the computer and an ac power source,
the power-supply fan will run and continue to run when the computer is in
standby mode to provide cooling to the power supply.
When you turn off the computer and leave it connected to ac power, the computer
can respond to requests, such as a remote request to turn on the computer. To
remove all power from the computer, you must disconnect it from the power source.
Some operating systems require an orderly shutdown before you turn off the
computer. See your operating-system documentation for information about shutting
down the operating system.
Chapter 1. Introduction 9

--- Page 20 ---
Statement 5:
CAUTION:
The power control button on the device and the power switch on the power
supply do not turn off the electrical current supplied to the device. The device
also might have more than one power cord. To remove all electrical current
from the device, ensure that all power cords are disconnected from the power
source.
1
2
The computer can be turned off in any of the following ways:
v You can turn off the computer through the operating system. If this feature is
supported by your operating system, it will turn off the computer after performing
an orderly shutdown of the operating system.
If you are using the preinstalled Microsoft Windows XP operating system,
complete the following steps to shut down the operating system and computer:
1. Save and close all files that you are working with.
2. Close all open applications.
3. Click Start.
4. Click Turn Off Computer; then, click Turn Off to confirm.
If you are using the preinstalled Red Hat Linux operating system, complete the
following steps to shut down the operating system and computer:
1. Save and close all files with which you are working.
2. Close all open applications.
3. Click Red Hat Linux Main Menu Button → Logout → Shutdown.
4. Click OK to confirm.
v You can press the power-control button on the front of the computer. It will turn
off the computer after performing an orderly shutdown of the operating system, if
this feature is supported by your operating system.
Note: After turning off the computer, wait at least 5 seconds before you press
the power-control button to turn on the computer again.
v You can press and hold the power-control button for more than 4 seconds to
cause an immediate shutdown of the computer. You can use this feature to turn
off the computer if the operating system stops functioning.
10 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 21 ---
Chapter 2. Configuring the computer
Detailed information about configuring the computer is in the IBM IntelliStation Z
Pro User’s Guide on the IBM Documentation CD.
The latest information about these programs and the most recent device-driver files
are available at http://www.ibm.com/support.
The following configuration programs are available to configure your computer:
v Configuration/Setup Utility program
The Configuration/Setup Utility program is part of the basic input/output system
(BIOS) code in your computer. You can use this program to configure serial- and
parallel-connector assignments, change interrupt request (IRQ) settings, change
the drive startup sequence, set the date and time, and set passwords, and set
the chassis-intrusion detector. For more information on how to start this utility,
see “Starting the Configuration/Setup Utility program” on page 12. For detailed
information, see the User’s Guide.
v Boot Menu program
The Boot Menu program is part of the BIOS code in your computer. Use it to
temporarily assign a device to be first in the startup sequence, overriding the
startup sequence that is set in the Configuration/Setup Utility program.
v Broadcom NetXtreme Gigabit Ethernet Boot Agent
The Broadcom NetXtreme Gigabit Ethernet Boot Agent is part of the BIOS code
in your computer. You can use it to configure the network as a startable device,
and you can customize where the network startup option appears in your startup
sequence. You enable and disable the Broadcom NetXtreme Gigabit Ethernet
Boot Agent from the Configuration/Setup Utility program.
v Adaptec
®
HostRAID
™
configuration programs
– Adaptec RAID Configuration Utility programs (for Serial ATA RAID)
Use the Array Configuration Utility within the Adaptec RAID Configuration
Utility programs to configure the integrated Serial ATA (SATA) controller with
integrated RAID and the devices that are attached to it.
– SCSISelect Utility program (for SCSI RAID)
Use the SCSI HostRAID feature of the SCSISelect Utility program to configure
the integrated SCSI controller with integrated RAID and the devices that are
attached to it.
v ServeRAID Manager
ServeRAID Manager is available as a stand-alone program and as an IBM
Director extension. If a ServeRAID controller is installed in your computer, use
ServeRAID Manager to define and configure your disk-array subsystem before
you install your operating system.
v Ethernet controller configuration
Use this selection to configure the integrated Gigabit Ethernet controller, see
v SCSISelect Utility program (some models)
If your computer has a SCSI adapter installed, you can configure the devices that
are connected to the optional SCSI adapter. Use this program to change default
values, resolve configuration conflicts, and perform a low-level format on a SCSI
hard disk drive.
© Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2009 11

--- Page 22 ---
Starting the Configuration/Setup Utility program
Complete the following steps to start the Configuration/Setup Utility program:
Note: When you use your computer for the first time, you might want to use the
Configuration/Setup Utility menu choice Load Default Settings to reset the
Configuration/Setup Utility menu choices to the factory default settings, in
case they were changed before you received the computer. Otherwise, some
choices might not appear in the list of menu choices.
1. Turn on the computer and watch the monitor screen. If the computer is already
on when you start this procedure, you must shut down the operating system,
turn off the computer, wait a few seconds until all in-use LEDs are turned off,
and restart the computer.
2. When the message Press F1 for Configuration/Setup appears on the screen
during startup, press F1. (This prompt appears on the screen for only a few
seconds. You must press F1 quickly.) If you have set both a user password and
an administrator password, you must type the administrator password to access
the full Configuration/Setup Utility menu.
3. Follow the instructions on the screen.
12 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 23 ---
Chapter 3. Diagnostics
This chapter provides basic troubleshooting information to help solve some common
problems that might occur with the computer.
If you cannot locate and correct the problem using the information in this section,
see Appendix A, “Getting help and technical assistance,” on page 125 for more
information.
General checkout
Follow the checkout procedure for diagnosing hardware problems. Review the
following information before performing the checkout procedure:
v Read Appendix B, “Safety information,” on page 127.
v The computer diagnostic programs are stored on the IBM Enhanced Diagnostics
CD. These programs provide the primary methods of testing the major
components of the computer. If you are not sure whether a problem is caused by
the hardware or by the software, you can run the diagnostic programs to confirm
that the hardware is working correctly.
v When you run the diagnostic programs, a single problem might cause several
error messages. If you receive several error messages, correct the cause of the
first error message. The other error messages might not occur the next time you
run the diagnostic programs.
v Before running the diagnostic programs, you must determine whether the failing
computer is part of a shared hard disk drive cluster (two or more servers sharing
external storage devices). If you suspect that it is part of a cluster, you can run
all diagnostic programs except the ones that test the storage unit (that is, a hard
disk drive in the storage unit) or the storage adapter that is attached to the
storage unit. The failing server might be part of a cluster if any of the following
conditions is true:
– The customer identifies the failing server as part of a cluster.
– One or more external storage units are attached to the failing server and at
least one of the attached storage units is also attached to another server or
unidentifiable device.
– One or more servers are located near the failing server.
v Important:
1. For servers that are part of a shared hard disk drive cluster, run one test at a
time. Do not run any suite of tests, such as “quick” or “normal” tests, because
this could enable the hard disk drive diagnostic tests.
2. If more than one error code is displayed, correct the first error. The other
error codes might not occur the next time you run the diagnostic programs.
3. If the server is suspended and a POST error code is displayed, see “POST
error codes” on page 85.
4. If the server is suspended and no error message is displayed, see “Error
symptoms” on page 95 and “Undetermined problems” on page 113.
5. For information about power-supply problems, see “Power checkout” on page
22.
6. For intermittent problems, check the error log; see “Diagnostic programs and
error messages” on page 16.
© Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2009 13

--- Page 24 ---
Complete the following steps to perform the checkout procedure:
001 IS THE SERVER PART OF A CLUSTER?
YES. Schedule maintenance for the system. Shut down all systems related
to the cluster. Run the storage test.
NO. Go to step 002.
002 IF THE SERVER IS NOT PART OF A CLUSTER:
1. Turn off the server and all external devices.
2. Check all cables and power cords.
3. Set all display controls to the middle position.
4. Turn on all external devices.
5. Turn on the server.
6. Record any POST error messages that are displayed on the screen. If
an error is displayed, look up the first error in the “POST error codes”
on page 85.
7. Check the system-error log.
Note: The system-error log is available only with the Remote
Supervisor Adapter II.
If an error was recorded by the computer, see Chapter 6,
“Symptom-to-FRU index,” on page 83.
8. Start the diagnostic programs.
9. Check for the following responses:
v One beep
v Readable instructions or the main menu
003 DID YOU RECEIVE BOTH OF THE CORRECT RESPONSES?
NO. Find the failure symptom in Chapter 6, “Symptom-to-FRU index,” on
page 83.
YES. Run the diagnostic programs (see “Starting the diagnostic programs
and viewing the test log” on page 17).
If you receive an error, see Chapter 6, “Symptom-to-FRU index,” on page
83.
If the diagnostic programs were completed successfully and you still
suspect a problem, see “Undetermined problems” on page 113.
Diagnostic tools overview
The following tools are available to help you diagnose and solve hardware-related
problems:
v Computer Support flowchart
The Computer Support flowchart on the following page will help you determine
how to get help from IBM and register your computer.
v POST beep codes and error messages
The power-on self-test generates beep codes and messages to indicate
successful test completion or the detection of a problem. See “Power-on self-test
(POST)” on page 15 for more information. Additional information is recorded in
the post error logs.
14 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 25 ---
v Diagnostic programs
The system diagnostic programs are on a hidden partition on the hard disk.
These programs are the primary methods of testing the major components of
your computer. See “Diagnostic programs and error messages” on page 16 for
more information.
v Symptom-to-FRU index
This index problem symptoms and steps to correct each problem. See the
Chapter 6, “Symptom-to-FRU index,” on page 83 for more information.
v System-board error LEDs
An LED on the system board might also be lit to help isolate an error indicated
by the system error LED on the front of the computer. See “System board error
LEDs” on page 74 for more information.
Power-on self-test (POST)
When you turn on the computer, the power-on self-test (POST) performs a series of
tests to check the operation of system components and some of the installed
options.
If POST finishes without detecting any problems, the first window of your operating
system or application program opens.
If POST detects a problem, more than one beep sounds and an error message
appears on the screen.
Notes:
1. If you have set a user password, you must type the password and press Enter,
when prompted, before the operating system will start.
2. A single problem might cause several error messages. When this occurs, work
to correct the cause of the first error message. After you correct the cause of
the first error message, the other error messages usually will be resolved the
next time you run the test.
POST beep codes
Use the following beep code descriptions to help diagnose and solve problems that
are detected during startup:
No beeps
If no beep occurs after the computer completes POST, see Chapter 6,
“Symptom-to-FRU index,” on page 83.
Continuous beep
The startup (boot) microprocessor has failed, or the system board or
speaker subsystem might contain a failing component. If the computer
continues through POST with no errors, got to “General checkout” on page
13 and run the diagnostic programs. If no video appears, the startup
processor has failed.
Beep codes for specific failures
Beep codes indicating specific system problems. For a list of beep codes,
see “Beep symptoms” on page 83.
Chapter 3. Diagnostics 15

--- Page 26 ---
POST error messages
POST error messages can appear when a problem is detected during startup. For a
complete list of POST messages, see “POST error codes” on page 85.
Diagnostic programs and error messages
Note: When using diagnostics with a USB keyboard and mouse attached, you
must first enable USB emulation. Complete the following steps to enable
USB emulation:
1. Restart the computer and press F1 to start the Configuration/Setup
Utility.
2. Select Devices and I/O Ports.
3. Select USB Setup.
4. Make sure that the USB keyboard and mouse are enabled.
Diagnostic error messages indicate that there is a problem; they are not intended to
be used to identify a failing part. Troubleshooting and servicing complex problems
that are indicated by error messages must be performed by trained service
personnel.
Sometimes the first error to occur causes additional errors. In this case, the
computer displays more than one error message. Always follow the suggested
action instructions for the first error message that appears.
Text messages
The diagnostic text message format is as follows:
result test_specific_string
where:
result is one of the following results:
Passed
This test was completed without any errors.
Failed This test discovered an error.
User Aborted
You stopped the test before it was completed.
Not Applicable
You attempted to test a device that is not present in the computer.
Aborted
The test could not proceed because of the computer configuration.
Warning
A possible problem was reported during the test (for example, a
device that was to be tested is not installed).
test_specific_string
is an error code or other information about the error.
16 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 27 ---
Starting the diagnostic programs and viewing the test log
The IBM Enhanced Diagnostics programs isolate problems from the computer
hardware and software. The programs run independently of the operating system.
This method of testing is generally used when other methods are not accessible or
have not been successful in isolating a problem suspected to be hardware related.
Complete the following steps to view the test log.
Note: If you are already running the Enhanced Diagnostics program, begin with
step 4.
1. Start the Enhanced Diagnostics programs.
v To start the Enhanced Diagnostics programs in a Windows operating system,
complete the following steps:
a. Restart the computer and when the message To start the Product
Recovery program is displayed, quickly press F11.
b. Select System utilities.
c. Select Run diagnostics to start the diagnostics programs.
v To start the Enhanced Diagnostics programs in Red Hat Linux operating
system, complete the following steps:
a. Restart the computer.
b. When the operating system selection menu is displayed, select IBM
Preload Recovery & Diagnostics.
c. Select Run diagnostics to start the diagnostics programs.
(Optionally, insert the IBM Enhanced Diagnostics diskette and restart the
computer.)
2. Run the applicable diagnostics program and when the Diagnostic Programs
screen appears, select Utility.
3. Select View Test Log from the list; then, follow the instructions on the screen.
The test log records data about system failures and other pertinent information.
The test log will not contain any information until after the diagnostic program
has run.
4. Save the test log to a file on a diskette or to your hard disk.
Notes:
a. To save the test log to a diskette, you must use a diskette that you have
formatted yourself; this function does not work with preformatted diskettes. If
the diskette has sufficient space for the test log, the diskette can contain
other data.
b. The system maintains the test-log data only while the Enhanced Diagnostics
program is running. When you end the Enhanced Diagnostics program, the
test log is cleared.
For a complete list of diagnostic error messages, see “Diagnostic error codes” on
page 90.
Small computer system interface (SCSI) messages
If you receive a SCSI error message when running the SCSISelect Utility program,
it might be the result of any of the following problems:
v A failing SCSI device (adapter or drive)
v An incorrect SCSI configuration
Chapter 3. Diagnostics 17

--- Page 28 ---
v Duplicate SCSI IDs in the same SCSI chain
v An incorrectly installed SCSI terminator
v A defective SCSI terminator
v An incorrectly installed cable
v A defective cable
To solve the problem, make sure that:
v The external SCSI devices are turned on. External SCSI devices must be turned
on before the computer.
v The cables for all external SCSI devices are connected correctly.
v The last device in each SCSI chain is terminated correctly.
v The SCSI devices are configured correctly.
If the problem remains, run the diagnostic programs to obtain additional information
about the failing device.
Note: If the computer does not have a SCSI hard disk drive, ignore any message
that indicates that the BIOS code is not installed.
PC-Doctor for Windows
Your computer contains PC-Doctor for Windows, which is designed specifically for
the Windows operating environment. Because these diagnostics work with the
operating system, they test hardware and analyze certain software components.
These diagnostic programs are especially useful for isolating operating-system and
device-driver problems.
Complete the following steps to use PC-Doctor for Windows:
1. On the Windows desktop, click Start → All Programs → PC-Doctor.
2. Follow the instructions on the screen. Help is available online.
Updating (flash-updating) the BIOS code on the computer
Periodically, IBM might post new levels of BIOS code on the Web. Always check the
IBM Support Web site at http://www.ibm.com/support for the latest level of BIOS
code, device drivers, documentation, and hints and tips. You can use one of the
following methods to update (flash) the BIOS code on the computer:
v Download the BIOS code update file directly to the hard disk.
v Download the BIOS code update file to a diskette (attach an external Universal
Serial Bus [USB] portable diskette drive if you have not installed an integrated
diskette drive); then, update the BIOS code on the computer.
You can order an optional IBM USB Portable Diskette Drive such as part number
05K9276. For a list of supported options for your computer, go to
http://www.ibm.com/pc/compat/.
v Download the BIOS code update file to a CD using a writable optional device
(CD-RW drive); then, start the computer with the CD in the CD-ROM drive to
update the BIOS code on the computer.
One file is available for each method. The description next to each file indicates the
type of medium to which you can download the file. A readme file is available with
instructions for installing the BIOS code update.
18 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 29 ---
Complete the following steps to download the BIOS (flash) update files:
1. http://www.ibm.com/support.
2. In the Downloads category, click Downloads & drivers.
3. In the Brand field, select IntelliStation.
4. In the Family field, select IntelliStation Z Pro.
5. In the Type field, select 6223 and click Continue.
6. In the Filter by category field, select BIOS (system).
7. Scroll down and select the applicable file for your operating system.
8. Select the file for the type of medium you want to use; then, download the file
and install it.
9. Restart the computer.
See the readme file for additional information about how to install the image files.
Note: Always reset the Configuration/Setup Utility program to the default values
after updating the BIOS code.
Recovering from a POST/BIOS update failure
Notes:
1. You can download a file to create the POST/BIOS recovery diskette or CD from
http://www.ibm.com/support on the World Wide Web. For more information, see
Appendix A, “Getting help and technical assistance,” on page 125.
2. To create and use a diskette, you must add a diskette drive to your computer.
To enable a USB diskette drive, follow these steps:
a. Enable the Legacy USB Support option under the Startup Option menu
choice in the Configuration/Setup Utility program.
b. Set your removable media device as the first startup device.
c. Select the removable media device you want to boot from and move it to the
top of the Removable Devices list.
If power to your computer is interrupted while POST/BIOS code is being updated
(flash update), the computer might not restart (reboot) correctly or might not display
video (no video). If this happens, complete the following steps:
1. Review the safety information beginning on page 127 and “Handling
static-sensitive devices” on page 23.
2. Turn off the computer and all attached devices.
3. Disconnect the power cord.
4. Remove the cover and support bracket.
5. Locate the boot block recovery jumper (JCON1) on the system board. The
following illustration shows the location of the boot block jumper on the system
board.
Chapter 3. Diagnostics 19

--- Page 30 ---
CMOS
data
(JCMOS1)
3 2 1 3 2 1
Default
(pins 1 and 2)
Default
(pins 1 and 2)
Clear CMOS data
(pins 2 and 3)
(JCON1)
BIOS crisis
recovery
(no jumper)
6. Remove the boot block recovery jumper from pins 1 and 2.
7. Replace any adapters that were removed; then, replace the support bracket
and replace the cover.
8. Connect the computer to a power source, keyboard, monitor, and mouse.
9. Insert the POST/BIOS update (flash) recovery diskette or CD into the diskette
drive or CD-ROM drive.
10. Turn on the computer and the monitor.
11. After the update session is completed, turn off the computer and monitor.
12. Remove the diskette or CD from the diskette drive or CD-ROM drive.
13. Disconnect all power cords; then, remove the computer cover.
14. Return the boot block recovery jumper to pins 1 and 2.
15. Replace the computer cover; then, reconnect all external cables and power
cords and turn on the peripheral devices.
16. Turn on the computer to restart the operating system.
Erasing a lost or forgotten password (clearing CMOS)
This section applies to lost or forgotten passwords. More information about lost or
forgotten passwords is available in Access IBM.
Complete the following steps to set the CMOS recovery jumper and erase a
forgotten password:
1. Review the safety information beginning on page 127 and “Handling
static-sensitive devices” on page 23.
20 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 31 ---
2. Turn off the computer and all attached devices.
3. Disconnect the power cord.
4. Remove the side cover and support bracket.
5. Locate the CMOS recovery jumper (JCMOS1) on the system board, removing
any adapters that impede access to the jumper. An illustration showing the
location of the jumper on the system board is in “Recovering from a
POST/BIOS update failure” on page 19.
6. Move the CMOS recovery jumper from pins 1 and 2 to pins 2 and 3.
7. Wait 60 seconds; then, return the CMOS recovery jumper to pins 1 and 2.
8. Replace any adapters that were removed; then, replace the support bracket
and replace the side cover.
You can now start the computer one time, and start the Configuration/Setup
Utility program, without having to use the power-on password. At this time, you
can either delete the old password or set a new user password. If you do not
change or delete the password, the next time you start the computer the
original user password will be reinstated.
9. Connect the computer to a power source, keyboard, monitor, and mouse.
10. Turn on the computer. The Configuration/Setup Utility program starts.
11. Follow the instructions to erase the existing password or create a new
password.
12. Select Save Settings and press Enter.
Replacing the battery
When replacing the battery, you must replace it with a lithium battery of the same
type from the same manufacturer. To avoid possible danger, read and follow the
information in Appendix B, “Safety information,” on page 127.
To order replacement batteries, call 1-800-426-7378 within the United States, and
1-800-465-7999 or 1-800-465-6666 within Canada. Outside the U.S. and Canada,
call your IBM marketing representative or authorized reseller.
Note: After you replace the battery, you must reconfigure the computer and reset
the system date and time.
Complete the following steps to replace the battery:
1. Review the safety information beginning on page 127 “Installation guidelines” on
page 23, and “Handling static-sensitive devices” on page 23..
2. Follow any special handling and installation instructions that come with the
replacement battery.
3. Turn off the computer and all attached devices. Disconnect all external cables
and power cords; then, remove the computer cover and the support bracket.
(See “Removing the side cover” on page 25)
4. Remove the battery:
a. Use a fingernail to press the top of the battery clip away from the battery.
The battery pops up when released.
b. Use your thumb and index finger to lift the battery from the socket.
Chapter 3. Diagnostics 21

--- Page 32 ---
5. Insert the new battery:
a. Tilt the battery so that you can insert it into the socket on the side opposite
the battery clip.
b. Press the battery down into the socket until it clicks into place. Make sure
that the battery clip holds the battery securely.
6. Replace the cover and connect the cables.
7. Turn on the computer.
8. Start the Configuration/Setup Utility program and set configuration parameters.
v Set the system date and time.
v Set passwords if necessary.
v Save the configuration.
Power checkout
Power problems can be difficult to solve. For example, a short circuit can exist
anywhere on any of the power-distribution buses. Usually, a short circuit will cause
the power subsystem to shut down because of an overcurrent condition.
A general procedure for troubleshooting power problems is as follows:
1. Turn off the server, and disconnect all ac power cords.
2. Check for loose cables in the power subsystem. Also check for short circuits, for
example, if there is a loose screw causing a short circuit on a circuit board.
3. Remove adapters and disconnect the cables and power connectors to all
internal and external devices until the server is at the minimum configuration
required to start the server (see, “Minimum operating requirements” on page
113).
4. Reconnect all ac power cords and turn on the server. If the server starts
successfully, replace adapters and devices one at a time until the problem is
isolated. If the server does not start from the minimal configuration, replace
FRUs of the minimal configuration one at a time until the problem is isolated.
To use this method, you must know the minimum configuration that is required for
the server to start (see page 103).
22 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 33 ---
Chapter 4. Installing options
This chapter provides instructions for installing or replacing hardware options in
your computer. For a list of supported options for your computer, go to
http://www.ibm.com/pc/; then, select your country and navigate to the list of options
for your computer.
Installation guidelines
Before you begin installing options in your computer, read the following information:
v Read the safety information beginning on page 127 and the guidelines in
“Handling electrostatic discharge-sensitive devices” on page 130.. This
information will help you work safely with your computer and options.
v Make sure that you have an adequate number of properly grounded electrical
outlets for your computer, monitor, and other devices that you will connect to the
computer.
v Back up all important data before you make changes to disk drives.
v Have a small flat-blade screwdriver available.
v When you need to access the inside of the computer to install options, you might
find it easier to lay the computer on its side.
v Blue on a component indicates touch points, where you can grip the component
to remove it from or install it in the computer, open or close a latch, and so on.
System reliability considerations
To help ensure proper cooling and system reliability, make sure that:
v Each of the drive bays has a drive or a filler panel and electromagnetic
compatibility (EMC) shield installed in it.
v There is adequate space around the computer to allow the computer cooling
system to work properly. Leave approximately 50 mm (2 in.) of open space
around the front and rear of the computer. Do not place objects in front of the
fans. For proper cooling and airflow, replace the computer cover before turning
on the computer. Operating the computer for extended periods of time (more
than 30 minutes) with the computer cover removed might damage computer
components.
v You have followed the cabling instructions that come with optional adapters.
v You have replaced a failed fan as soon as possible.
Handling static-sensitive devices
Attention: Static electricity can damage electronic devices and your computer. To
avoid damage, keep static-sensitive devices in their static-protective packages until
you are ready to install them.
To reduce the possibility of damage from electrostatic discharge, observe the
following precautions:
v Limit your movement. Movement can cause static electricity to build up around
you.
v Handle the device carefully, holding it by its edges or its frame.
v Do not touch solder joints, pins, or exposed circuitry.
v Do not leave the device where others can handle and damage it.
© Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2009 23

--- Page 34 ---
v While the device is still in its static-protective package, touch it to an unpainted
metal part of the computer for at least 2 seconds. This drains static electricity
from the package and from your body.
v Remove the device from its package and install it directly into the computer
without setting down the device. If it is necessary to set down the device, put it
back into its static-protective package. Do not place the device on your computer
cover or on a metal surface.
v Take additional care when handling devices during cold weather. Heating reduces
indoor humidity and increases static electricity.
Installing options in your computer
This section provides instructions for installing hardware options in your computer.
Note: To remove the side cover and install options, you might find it easier to lay
the computer on its side.
Major components of your computer
The following illustration shows the major components in the Z Pro Type 6223
computer.
DIMMs
Heat-sink
Microprocessor
Microprocessor
baffle assembly
Microprocessor
air baffle
PCI card
Adapter retaining
bracket
Bezel
EMC shields
System
board
Hard disk
drive
CD-ROM drive
Drive cage
Fan assembly
24 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 35 ---
Removing the side cover
To remove the cover, you might find it easier to lay the computer on its side.
Complete the following steps to remove the side cover of the computer:
1. Review the “Installation guidelines” on page 23.
2. Turn off the computer and all attached devices (see “Turning off the computer”
on page 9); then, disconnect all power cords and external cables.
3. Pull down on the cover-release handle; then, pull the cover straight up and lift
the side cover off the computer and set it aside.
Cove-release
handle
To replace the side cover, see “Replacing the side cover” on page 51.
Attention: For proper cooling and airflow, replace the side cover before turning on
the computer. Operating the computer with the cover removed might damage
computer components.
Chapter 4. Installing options 25

--- Page 36 ---
Removing the bezel
When working with some devices, such as additional optical drives, you must first
remove the bezel to access the device. To install or remove options, you might find
it easier to lay the computer on its side.
Complete the following steps to remove the bezel:
1. Unlock the side-cover lock.
2. Remove the side cover (see “Removing the side cover” on page 25).
3. Locate the two bezel clips that are securing the bezel to the computer chassis.
Gently lift and hold the bezel clips up and at the same time, rotate the bezel
outward to disengage it from the side tabs; then, set the bezel aside.
Bezel clips
For instructions for replacing the bezel, see “Replacing the bezel” on page 50.
Installing an adapter
The following notes describe the types of adapters that your computer supports and
other information that you must consider when installing an adapter. See “System
board option connectors” on page 71 for an illustration of the adapter slot locations.
v Read the documentation that comes with your operating system.
v Locate the documentation that comes with the adapter and follow those
instructions in addition to the instructions in this chapter. If you need to change
the switch or jumper settings on your adapter, follow the instructions that come
with the adapter.
26 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 37 ---
v Your computer comes with adapter connectors or slots. The video adapter is
installed in the PCI Express x16 slot (slot 1). You can install up to five additional
adapters in your computer in PCI slots 2 and 3, and PCI-X slots 4, 5, and 6.
v You can install full-length adapters in PCI slot 3, and PCI-X slots 4, 5, and 6.
However, a full-length adapter will not fit in PCI slot 2 and is not supported. None
of the expansion slots are hot-plug slots.
v Your computer supports 5.0 V signaling and universal PCI 32-bit/33 MHz
adapters in PCI slots 2 and 3.
v Your computer supports 3.3 V signaling and universal PCI-X 64-bit/133 MHz
adapters in PCI-X slot 4.
v Your computer supports 3.3 V signaling and universal PCI-X 64-bit/100 MHz
adapters in PCI-X slot 5 and 6.
v Your computer uses a rotational interrupt technique to configure PCI adapters,
which means that you can install a variety of PCI adapters that currently do not
support sharing of PCI interrupts.
v If you install a ServeRAID 6i+ adapter, it must be installed in PCI-X slot 5.
v If you install an optional RAID adapter in your computer, you must reinstall the
operating system and applications that came preinstalled on your computer.
v The system scans the PCI Express x16 slot (slot 1), PCI expansion slots 2 and
3, and PCI-X expansion slots 4 through 6 to assign system resources. Then, it
starts the PCI devices in the following order, if you have not changed the default
startup sequence: PCI Express x16 slot (slot 1), system-board integrated drive
electronics (IDE), Serial ATA (SATA), or small computer system interface (SCSI)
devices (including optional ServeRAID-6i+ controller), and then PCI-X slots 4
through 6.
v For a list of supported options for your computer, go to http://www.ibm.com/pc/;
then, select your country and navigate to the list of options for your computer.
Complete the following steps to install an adapter in your computer:
1. Read the safety information beginning on page 127 and the guidelines in
“Handling static-sensitive devices” on page 23
2. Turn off the computer and all attached devices (see “Turning off the computer”
on page 9); then, disconnect all external cables and power cords.
3. Remove the side cover (see “Removing the side cover” on page 25).
4. Determine the slot in which you want to install the adapter. Review the
instructions that come with the adapter for any requirements, restrictions, or
cabling instructions. It might be easier to route any cables before you install
the adapter.
5. For full-length adapters, rotate the rear adapter-retention bracket to the open
(unlocked) position (you might have to first remove any adapters that might be
in the way). Press down on the bottom tab of the front adapter-retention
bracket to release it (the tab is inside the fan compartment that is next to the
front adapter-retention bracket). If you are installing a smaller adapter, rotate
only the rear adapter-retention bracket.
Chapter 4. Installing options 27

--- Page 38 ---
6. Remove the expansion-slot cover. From the rear of the computer, press on the
slot cover. Grasp it and pull it out of the expansion slot. Store it in a safe place
for future use.
Attention: Expansion-slot covers must be installed on all empty slots. This
maintains the electronic emissions standards of the computer and ensures
proper ventilation of computer components.
7. Follow the instructions that come with the adapter to set jumpers or switches, if
any.
Attention: Avoid touching the components and gold-edge connectors on the
adapter.
8. If you are installing a full-length adapter, remove the blue adapter guide (if any)
from the end of the adapter.
Adapter guide
Attention: Be certain that the adapter is correctly seated in the expansion
slot before you turn on the computer. Incomplete installation of an adapter
might damage the system board or the adapter.
28 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 39 ---
9. Carefully grasp the adapter by the top edge or upper corners and move the
adapter directly from the static-protective package to adapter slot (avoid
touching the components and gold-edge connectors on the adapter). Align the
adapter with the expansion slot guides; then, press the adapter firmly into the
expansion slot.
Attention: Make sure that the adapter is correctly seated in the expansion
slot before you turn on the computer. Incomplete installation of an adapter
might damage the system board or the adapter.
Expansion-
slot cover
Adapter
Rear adapter
retention bracket
Front adapter
retention bracket
10. Connect required cables to the adapter. Route cables so that they do not block
the flow of air from the fans. If you are installing an optional SCSI adapter, see
“Cabling an optional SCSI adapter” on page 30 for additional information.
11. If you have another adapter to install, repeat steps 4 through 10.
12. If you have installed a full-length adapter, press down on the top tab of the
front adapter-retention bracket to lock it in place (the tab is inside the fan
compartment that is next to the front adapter-retention bracket).
Note: If any adapter in your computer is large or has heavy cables attached to
it, you can secure the adapter with a screw. Insert one backup
expansion-slot screw (the screws are stored directly above the front
adapter-retention bracket) through the top of each adapter bracket into
the screw hole and secure the adapter before proceeding to the next
step.
13. If you have other options to install, do so now; otherwise, replace the side
cover (see “Replacing the side cover” on page 51), reconnect the external
cables and power cords, and turn on the computer.
Chapter 4. Installing options 29

--- Page 40 ---
Cabling an optional SCSI adapter
You can install an optional SCSI adapter in your computer to control the internal
hard disk drives and provide additional RAID capabilities. With a SCSI adapter
installed, you can configure the internal hard disk drives into disk arrays. You can
also cable a SCSI adapter to external hard disk drives. See your SCSI adapter
option documentation for complete instructions for installing a SCSI adapter in your
computer and for additional information about SCSI adapters.
Notes:
1. The SCSI cables that are used by the integrated SCSI controller cannot be
used with an optional SCSI adapter.
2. If you install a ServeRAID 6i+ adapter, it must be installed in slot 5; no cabling
is required for this adapter.
Complete the following steps to cable an optional SCSI adapter:
1. Install the SCSI adapter (see “Installing an adapter” on page 26).
2. Connect the SCSI-signal cable to the adapter and one or more of the signal
cable connectors to the rear of the SCSI devices.
3. Connect the SCSI-activity-indicator cable to the adapter and to the SCSI-LED
connector on the system board. See “System board internal connectors” on
page 72 for the location of the SCSI-LED connector.
SCSI adapter
SCSI signal
cable
SCSI signal
cable connector
Rear adapter
retention bracket
Front adapter
retention bracket
4. Complete the installation of the optional SCSI adapter.
30 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 41 ---
Installing a drive
Depending on your computer model, one or more of the following drives might be
installed in your computer:
v Diskette drive (optional)
v Hard disk drive
v CD-ROM, CD-RW, or DVD/CD-RW combo drive
Your Z Pro Type 6223 computer comes with an IDE CD-ROM drive in bay 1 and a
hard disk drive in bay 4.
Bay 1
Bay 2
Bay 3
Bay 4
Bay 5
Bay 6
The following notes describe the types of drives that your computer supports and
other information that you must consider when installing drives:
v Make sure that you have all the cables and other equipment specified in the
documentation that comes with the drive.
v Select the bay in which you want to install the drive.
v Check the instructions that come with the drive to see whether you need to set
any switches or jumpers on the drive. If you are installing a SCSI device, be sure
to set the SCSI ID for that device.
v You can install removable-media drives in bays 1, 2, and 3 only. Tape drives,
diskette drives, CD-ROM, DVD/CD-RW, and DVD-ROM drives are examples of
removable-media drives.
v You can install a 3.5-in. slim-high or 5.25-in. half-high removable-media drive,
such as a tape backup drive, in bay 2.
v You can install a diskette drive or a 3.5-in slim-high hard disk drive in bay 3.
v To install a 3.5-in. drive in a 5.25-in. bay, you must use the 5.25-in. conversion
kit.
v Your computer supports only one diskette drive: either a diskette drive in bay 3 or
a USB drive connected to the USB connector on the front of the computer.
Chapter 4. Installing options 31

--- Page 42 ---
v Two Serial ATA hard disk drive connectors are on the system board.
v If you install SCSI hard disk drives and SATA hard disk drives in the same
computer, note the following HostRAID considerations for hard disk drives:
– You can enable HostRAID on only one subsystem (SCSI or SATA).
– If HostRAID is enabled on a subsystem, you can install boot hard disk drives
on that subsystem only.
If you fail to observe these restrictions, the computer will usually disable the
BIOS for the last subsystem loaded, which typically is SCSI.
For more information about HostRAID, see in the User’s Guide.
v The electromagnetic interference (EMI) integrity and cooling of the computer are
protected by having all bays, PCI, and PCI-X slots covered or occupied. When
you install a drive, PCI adapter, or PCI-X adapter, save the EMC shield and filler
panel from the bay or the adapter slot cover in the event you later remove the
drive or adapter.
v For a complete list of supported options for your computer, go to
http://www.ibm.com/pc/; then, select your country and navigate to the list of
options for your computer.
Installing a drive in bay 2 or 3
Complete the following steps to install a drive in bay 2 or 3:
1. Read the safety information beginning on page 127 and “Installation
guidelines” on page 23.
2. Turn off the computer and peripheral devices, and disconnect the power cords
and all external cables.
3. Remove the side cover (see “Removing the side cover” on page 25).
4. Remove the bezel (see “Removing the bezel” on page 26).
32 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 43 ---
5. Use a screwdriver to pry the filler panel and EMC shield away from the
computer.
EMC shield
Filler panel
Note: If you are installing a drive that contains a laser, observe the following
safety precaution.
Chapter 4. Installing options 33

--- Page 44 ---
Statement 3
CAUTION:
When laser products (such as CD-ROMs, DVD drives, fiber optic devices, or
transmitters) are installed, note the following:
v Do not remove the covers. Removing the covers of the laser product could result in
exposure to hazardous laser radiation. There are no serviceable parts inside the
device.
v Use of controls or adjustments or performance of procedures other than those
specified herein might result in hazardous radiation exposure.
Danger
Some laser products contain an embedded Class 3A or Class 3B laser diode. Note the
following. Laser radiation when open. Do not stare into the beam, do not view directly with
optical instruments, and avoid direct exposure to the beam.
Class 1 Laser Product
Laser Klasse 1
Laser Klass 1
Luokan 1 Laserlaite
Appareil A Laser de Classe 1
`
6. Touch the static-protective package containing the drive to any unpainted metal
surface on the computer; then, remove the drive from the package and place it
on a static-protective surface.
7. Set any jumpers or switches on the drive according to the documentation that
comes with the drive.
Note: You might find it easier to install the new drive from the front and then
attach the cables.
34 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 45 ---
8. To install a drive in bay 2, complete the following steps:
a. Remove the large drive clip attached to the side of bay 2 of the drive cage
for bays 1, 2, and 3 (see the figure below). Slide the drive clip to the left to
disengage it from the drive cage; then, snap the drive clip into the screw
holes on the side of the drive.
Drive release tabs
Drive clip
b. If you are installing a 5.25-in. drive in bay 2, slide the drive into the drive
bay until it snaps in place. If you are installing a 3.5-in. drive in bay 2, you
must attach the 5.25-in. conversion kit, which you can order from IBM, to
the 3.5-in. drive.
c. Continue with step 10.
9. To install a drive in bay 3, use one of the following procedures:
Note: Only a 3.5-in. device can be installed in bay 3.
v If you are installing an external media device in bay 3, complete the
following steps:
a. Remove the small drive clip that is attached to the side of bay 3 of the
drive cage for bays 1, 2, and 3 (see the figure above). Slide the drive
clip to the left to disengage it from the drive cage; then, snap the drive
clip into the screw holes on the side of the drive.
b. Slide the drive into the drive bay until it snaps in place.
c. Continue with step 10.
v If you are installing a hard disk drive in bay 3, complete the following steps:
a. Push the drive into the bay from the rear of the drive cage; then, use the
two screws to attach the drive to the drive cage.
b. Continue with step 10.
Chapter 4. Installing options 35

--- Page 46 ---
10. Determine whether the drive is an IDE or SCSI device; then, connect one end
of the applicable signal cable into the back of the drive and make sure that the
other end of this cable is connected into the applicable IDE or SCSI connector
on the system board.
11. Route the signal cable so that it does not block the airflow to the rear of the
drives or over the microprocessor and memory.
12. If you have another drive to install or remove, do so now.
13. Connect the power cable to the back of the drive. The connectors are keyed
and can be inserted only one way.
14. If you have other options to install or remove, do so now; otherwise, replace
the bezel (see “Replacing the bezel” on page 50) and replace the side cover
(see “Replacing the side cover” on page 51.
Installing a SCSI or SATA drive in bay 4, 5, or 6
Some models come with non-hot-swap SCSI hard disk drives or Serial ATA (SATA)
hard disk drives. Before you install a hard disk drive in bays 4, 5, and 6, read the
following information:
v Read the documentation that comes with the drive for cabling instructions.
v Route the cable before you install the drive. Do not block the airflow from the
fans.
v You can install up to four SCSI hard disk drives in your computer (SCSI models
only).
v Your computer supports up to two Serial ATA hard disk drives.
Note: Your computer can support a third and fourth SATA drive if you install an
optional ServeRAID-7t S-ATA controller. In addition, if you install the
optional ServeRAID-7t S-ATA controller to add a third and fourth drive, all
four SATA drives must then be connected to the ServeRAID-7t S-ATA
controller instead of the system board. See the optional ServeRAID-7t
S-ATA controller documentation for cabling instructions.
If you purchase a new SATA hard drive, you will also need to purchase a
signal cable for it. IBM SATA hard drive option comes with a signal cable.
v Install hard disk drives in this sequence: bay 4, bay 5, bay 6, and then bay 3.
See “Installing a drive in bay 2 or 3” on page 32 for information about how to
install a hard disk drive in bay 3.
36 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 47 ---
Complete the following steps to install a SCSI or Serial ATA (SATA) hard disk drive:
1. Read the safety information beginning on page 127 and the “Installation
guidelines” on page 23.
2. Turn off the computer and peripheral devices and disconnect all external
cables and power cords.
3. Unlock the side cover.
4. Remove the side cover (see “Removing the side cover” on page 25).
5. Disconnect the fan connector for the fan that is attached to the back of the
drive cage from the system board.
6. Press in on the drive-cage release lever and rotate the drive cage all the way
out of the computer until it locks into place over the drive-cage retention tab.
The open ends of the drive slots and installed drives will face you.
Drive-cage
release lever
Drive-cage
Fan assembly
Chapter 4. Installing options 37

--- Page 48 ---
7. Grasp the fan latch on the fan assembly that is over the drive cage and pull it
outward to disengage it from the drive cage and rotate it to the side.
Fan latch
Fan assembly
Drive-cage
retention tab
8. If your computer has preinstalled hard disk drives in the drive cage, disconnect
the power and signal cables from the rear of the drives.
9. Remove the empty drive tray from the drive bay in which you want to install
the drive.
10. Touch the static-protective package containing the drive to any unpainted metal
surface on the computer; then, remove the drive from the package and place it
on a static-protective surface.
11. Set any jumpers or switches on the drive according to the documentation that
comes with the drive.
38 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 49 ---
12. Attach the new drive to the drive tray. Place the drive on the drive tray and
align the holes on the drive with the mounting pins on the drive tray. Gently
pull both sides of the drive tray outward and insert the mounting pins into the
holes on the drive.
13. Align the drive assembly with the guide rails in the bay (make sure that the
connector end of the drive is facing you).
14. Gently slide the drive assembly into the drive bay until the drive snaps into
place.
15. Determine whether the new drive is a Serial ATA or SCSI device; then, connect
one end of the applicable signal cable into the back of the drive and the other
end of this cable into the applicable Serial ATA or SCSI connector on the
system board. See “Power and signal cables for internal drives” on page 40 for
additional information about cabling drives and “System board internal
connectors” on page 72 for the location of the Serial ATA and SCSI connectors
on the system board. If there are open connectors on the cables connecting
existing Serial ATA or SCSI drives, you can use these cables to connect the
new drive.
16. Route the signal cable so that it does not block the airflow to the rear of the
drives or over any microprocessor.
17. Connect the power cables to the back of the drives. The connectors are keyed
and can be inserted only one way.
18. Push the drive cage outward, and press in on the drive-cage release tab; then,
rotate the drive cage back into the computer.
19. Reconnect the connector for the fan that is attached to the back of the drive
cage to the system board.
20. If you have other options to install or remove, do so now. Otherwise, replace
the side cover (see “Replacing the side cover” on page 51.
21. Reconnect the external cables and power cords; then, turn on the attached
devices and the computer.
Chapter 4. Installing options 39

--- Page 50 ---
Power and signal cables for internal drives
Your computer uses cables to connect IDE, Serial ATA, and SCSI devices to the
power supply and to the system board. (See “System board internal connectors” on
page 72 for the location of system-board connectors.) Review the following
information before connecting power and signal cables to internal drives:
v The drives that are preinstalled in your computer come with power and signal
cables attached. If you replace any drives, remember which cable is attached to
which drive, or label the cables.
v When you install a drive, make sure that one of the signal-cable connectors is
connected to the drive and that the connector at the other end of the signal cable
is connected to the system board.
v The computer has one IDE bus, which is primary.
v If you have only one IDE device on a cable, it must be set as a master device.
The following cables are provided:
v Power cables: Four-wire power cables connect the drives to the power supply.
At the end of these cables are plastic connectors that attach to different drives;
these connectors vary in size. With Serial ATA drives, you can use either a
four-wire power cable or a five-wire Serial ATA power cable, but do not use both
at the same time (use one or the other).
v Signal cables: Signal cables typically are flat cables, also called ribbon cables,
that connect IDE, Serial ATA, SCSI, and diskette drives to the system board. Two
or three types of signal cables come with your computer:
– IDE: The wider IDE signal cable has three connectors. One of these
connectors is attached to the drive, one is a spare, and the third is attached to
the primary or secondary IDE connector on the system board. The spare
connector can be used to connect additional IDE drives to your computer.
Note: The optical drive is attached to an ATA 100 signal cable. ATA 100
signal cables are color-coded. The blue connector is connected to the
system board. The black connector is connected to the master IDE
device. The gray middle connector is connected to the subordinate IDE
device.
– Serial ATA: The narrower, black signal cable has two connectors. One is
connected to the SATA drive, and the other is connected to the connector on
the system board. Each SATA drive comes with a cable. If you install an
additional SATA drive, you will need an additional cable.
– SCSI: The following cables can be used to attach SCSI devices to the
integrated SCSI controller on the system board:
- An Ultra320 twisted ribbon cable connects the internal Ultra320 SCSI hard
disk drive to the SCSI connector on the system board. This cable has four
additional connectors for attaching more internal SCSI devices.
- A round SCSI cable connects external SCSI devices to the integrated SCSI
controller on the system board. For more information about connecting
SCSI devices, see the SCSI documentation.
40 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 51 ---
Installing memory modules
The following notes describe the types of dual inline memory modules (DIMMs) that
the computer supports and other information that you must consider when installing
DIMMs:
v The computer comes with either two 256 MB or two 512 MB memory DIMMs
installed in DIMM 1 and DIMM 2 memory connectors. The second pair of DIMMs
must be installed in DIMM 3 and DIMM 4 memory connectors and the third pair
in DIMM 5 and DIMM 6 memory connectors.
v DIMMs must be installed in matched pairs. The DIMMs in each pair must be the
same size, speed, type, and technology as each other but do not have to match
the other pairs. You can mix compatible DIMMs from various manufacturers.
v Install only 1.8 V, 240-pin, double-data-rate 2 (DDR2), PC2-3200, registered,
synchronous dynamic random-access memory (SDRAM) with error correcting
code (ECC), dual inline memory modules (DIMMs). These DIMMs must be
compatible with the latest PC2-3200 SDRAM buffered DIMM specification. For a
list of supported options for your computer, go to http://www.ibm.com/pc/; then,
select your country and navigate to the list of options for your computer.
v The DIMM-installation sequence is based on single-rank, double-rank, and mixing
single-rank and double-rank memory DIMMs. Single-rank DIMMs are 256 MB,
512 MB, and 1 GB memory modules. Double-rank DIMMs are 2 GB memory
modules. The following table lists the DIMM-installation sequence for the
computer maximum memory capacity using mixed single-rank and double-rank
DIMMs.
Notes:
1. Do not install four, 2 GB double-rank DIMMs for the computer maximum
capacity (8 GB) configuration, the computer does not support it.
2. You can install pairs of 256 MB, 512 MB, 1 GB, and 2 GB DIMMs in the
computer, but for the computer maximum capacity, you must use the
DIMM-sequence in the table below.
3. You can install any combination of DIMM pairs in the computer, however, you
can install only two, 2 GB double-rank DIMMs in the computer and they must
go in DIMM connectors 1 and 2. Do not install 2 GB double-rank DIMMs in
any connectors other than DIMM connectors 1 and 2.
4. If you order memory DIMMs from IBM, the variable 2R in the description
indicates that the DIMM is a double-rank 2 GB DIMM.
Table 2. Maximum memory capacity (8 GB) and installation sequence mixing single-rank
and double-rank DIMMs
DIMM pair DIMM connectors DIMM size Rank
First pair 1, 2 2 GB Double-rank
Second pair 3, 4 1 GB Single-rank
Third pair 5, 6 1 GB Single-rank
v The system board contains six DIMM connectors and supports two-way memory
interleaving when the DIMMs are installed in pairs and functioning properly. If
one DIMM in the pair fails, the computer runs in single-channel mode
(non-interleaving). A failed DIMM must be replaced as soon as possible;
otherwise, the computer will not start (boot).
v The DIMM options that are available for the computer are 256 MB, 512 MB, 1
GB, and 2 GB memory modules. The computer supports a minimum of 512 MB
and a maximum of 8 MB (when using 2 GB double-rank DIMMs) of system
memory.
Chapter 4. Installing options 41

--- Page 52 ---
Important: Although the computer supports a maximum of 8 GB of system
memory, the Microsoft Windows operating systems recognize and
support a maximum of 4 GB of system memory.
v The memory controller in the computer provides Chipkill memory protection if the
DIMMs are 1 GB or larger, or if the computer is populated with 512 MB x4
DIMMs. Chipkill memory protection is a technology that protects the computer
from a single chip failure on a DIMM.
v The amount of usable memory is reduced depending on the system
configuration. A certain amount of memory must be reserved for system
resources. The BIOS displays the total amount of installed memory and the
amount of configured memory.
Complete the following steps to install DIMMs:
1. Read the safety information beginning on page 127 and “Handling
static-sensitive devices” on page 23
2. Turn off the computer and all attached devices (see “Turning off the computer”
on page 9); then, disconnect all power cords and external cables.
3. Remove the side cover (see “Removing the side cover” on page 25).
4. Locate the DIMM connectors on the system board. Determine the connectors
into which you will install the DIMMs. See Table 2 on page 41 for additional
information on DIMM-installation sequences.
Table 3. DIMM installation sequence
DIMM pair DIMM connectors
First pair 1, 2
Second pair 3, 4
Third pair 5, 6
5. Gently open the retaining clip, if necessary, remove any existing DIMM.
6. Touch the static-protective package containing the DIMM to any unpainted
metal surface on the computer. Then, remove the new DIMM from the
package.
7. Gently open the retaining clip on each end of the DIMM slot. Turn the DIMM
so that the pins align correctly with the connector.
42 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 53 ---
8. Insert the DIMM into the connector. Firmly press the DIMM straight down into
the connector by applying pressure on both ends of the DIMM simultaneously.
The retaining clips snap into the locked position when the DIMM is firmly
seated in the connector. If there is a gap between the DIMM and the retaining
clips, the DIMM has not been correctly installed. Open the retaining clips,
remove the DIMM, and then reinsert it.
DIMM 5
DIMM 4 DIMM 3
DIMM 2
DIMM 1DIMM 6
9. If you have other options to install or remove, do so now. Otherwise, replace
the side cover (see “Replacing the side cover” on page 51.
10. Reconnect the external cables and power cords. Turn on the attached devices,
and turn on the computer.
Chapter 4. Installing options 43

--- Page 54 ---
Installing a second microprocessor
Your computer comes with one microprocessor installed on the system board. Your
computer supports up to two microprocessors. With two microprocessors, your
computer can operate as a symmetric multiprocessing (SMP) computer. With SMP,
certain operating systems and application programs can distribute the processing
load among the microprocessors.
Note: When installing microprocessor options, lay the computer on its side.
The following notes describe information that you must consider when installing an
additional microprocessor in your computer:
v Read the documentation that comes with the microprocessor to determine
whether you need to update the computer basic input/output system (BIOS)
code. The most current level of BIOS code for the computer is available from
http://www.ibm.com/support.
v (Optional) Obtain an SMP-capable operating system. For a list of supported
operating systems, go to http://www.ibm.com/pc/us/compat/.
v To ensure proper computer operation, use microprocessors that have the same
cache size and type, and the same clock speed. Microprocessor internal and
external clock frequencies must be identical. You can use the
Configuration/Setup Utility program in your computer to determine the specific
type of microprocessor on your system board.
Important: The first microprocessor must always be installed in the
Microprocessor 1 socket.
v The microprocessor speeds are automatically set for this computer; therefore,
you do not need to set any microprocessor frequency-selection jumpers or
switches.
v Terminator cards are not required for empty microprocessor sockets. However,
for airflow, an empty microprocessor socket must contain a microprocessor
baffle.
v If you need to replace a microprocessor, see “Microprocessor and heat sink” on
page 60.
v For additional illustrations of the system-board components, see “System board
option connectors” on page 71.
v To order additional microprocessor options, contact your IBM marketing
representative or authorized reseller.
v For a list of supported microprocessor options for your computer, go to
http://www.ibm.com/pc/; then, select your country and navigate to the list of
options for your computer
The Microsoft Windows XP operating system that comes preinstalled on your
computer automatically configures itself when an additional microprocessor is
installed. Other operating systems might have to be manually configured to support
an additional microprocessor. See the User’s Guide on the IBM IntelliStation
Documentation CD for instructions.
Complete the following steps to install an additional microprocessor:
1. Read the safety information beginning on page 127 and the guidelines in
“Handling static-sensitive devices” on page 23.
2. Turn off the computer and all attached devices. (See “Turning off the
computer” on page 9.)
44 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 55 ---
3. Disconnect all external cables and power cords.
4. Remove the side cover (see “Removing the side cover” on page 25).
5. Disconnect the fan connector for the fan that is attached to the back of the
drive cage from the system board.
6. Press in on the drive-cage release lever and rotate the drive cage all the way
out of the computer until it locks into place over the drive-cage retention tab.
The open ends of the drive slots and installed drives will face you.
Drive-cage
release lever
Drive-cage
Fan assembly
7. Move or disconnect any cables that might be in the way so you can remove
the microprocessors’ air baffle.
8. Remove the air baffle for the microprocessors by pulling it outward and lifting it
out of the computer.
Chapter 4. Installing options 45

--- Page 56 ---
DIMMs
Heat sink
release lever
Heat sink 2
Microprocessor 2
Microprocessor
baffle assembly
Microprocessor
air baffle
VRM for second
microprocessor
9. Locate the second microprocessor socket (Microprocessor 2) on the system
board.
10. Remove the microprocessor baffle assembly from the second microprocessor
socket.
a. Press down on the blue touch point of the heat-sink release lever and
rotate the lever all the way out until it stops.
b. Grasp the front of the microprocessor baffle assembly and tilt it up while
pulling the rear flange out of the heat-sink retention module; then, lift it out
of the computer and store it in a safe place.
11. If the second microprocessor socket is covered with protective film or a label,
peel and remove the film or label.
12. Install the microprocessor:
a. Touch the static-protective package containing the new microprocessor to
any unpainted metal surface on the computer; then, remove the
microprocessor from the package.
b. Rotate the locking lever on the microprocessor socket from its closed and
locked position until it stops or clicks in the fully open position
(approximately 135°).
Attention: You must ensure that the locking lever on the microprocessor
socket is in the fully open position before you insert the microprocessor in
the socket. Failure to do so might result in permanent damage to the
microprocessor, microprocessor socket, and system board.
c. Position the microprocessor over the microprocessor socket. Align the
triangle on the corner of the microprocessor with the triangle on the corner
of the socket and carefully press the microprocessor into the socket.
46 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 57 ---
Attention:
1) Do not use excessive force when pressing the microprocessor into the
socket.
2) Make sure that the microprocessor is oriented and aligned correctly
with pin number 1 in the socket before you try to close the lever. The
following illustration shows the alignment marks for both
microprocessors and sockets.
Microprocessor 2
Microprocessor 1
Microprocessor
socket 2
Microprocessor
socket 1
Alignment marks
Heat-sink
release levers
Microprocessor-
release levers
Retention bracket
springs
d. Carefully close the lever to secure the microprocessor in the socket.
13. Install the heat sink on the microprocessor.
Thermal grease
Heat sink
a. Remove the plastic cover from the bottom of the heat sink.
Attention: Do not set the heat sink down after you remove the plastic
cover and do not touch the thermal grease on the bottom of the heat sink.
Touching the thermal grease will contaminate it. If the thermal grease on
the heat sink becomes contaminated, replace the heat sink.
b. Align the heat sink (grease side down) over the microprocessor and
retention bracket.
c. Slide the rear flange of the heat sink rearward into the opening beneath the
retention-bracket spring.
d. Press down firmly on the front of the heat sink until it is seated correctly.
e. Secure the heat sink to the microprocessor by rotating the heat-sink
release lever to the closed position and hooking it underneath the tab on
the microprocessor socket.
f. Insert the voltage regulator module (VRM) into the VRM connector.
Chapter 4. Installing options 47

--- Page 58 ---
14. Replace the air baffle for the microprocessors. Slant the front of the air baffle
for the microprocessors downward at an angle while moving it forward; then,
rotate the rear of the air baffle down until it snaps into place (it will become
stationary).
15. Rotate the drive cage back into the computer and reconnect the fan connector
on the fan assembly on the drive cage to the system board.
16. If you have other options to install or remove, do so now. Otherwise, replace
the side cover (see “Replacing the side cover” on page 51.
17. Reconnect the external cables and power cords. Turn on the attached devices,
and turn on the computer.
Installing an external SCSI cable
To install an external SCSI connector on the rear of the computer, install an external
SCSI interface option. For a list of supported external SCSI interface options for
your computer, go to http://www.ibm.com/pc/.
The external SCSI interface option contains a SCSI cable with a connector at one
end and on the other end another connector or an expansion-slot cover with an
embedded connector. Complete the following steps to install and route the SCSI
cable in the computer:
1. Turn off the computer and all peripheral devices. Disconnect all power cords;
then, disconnect all external signal cables from the computer.
2. Remove the side cover (see “Removing the side cover” on page 25).
3. Open the front adapter-retention bracket and remove the rear adapter-retention
bracket from the PCI-X slots (see “Installing an adapter” on page 26 for
instructions). You might also have to remove longer adapters for access to the
SCSI connectors on the system board.
4. Connect the SCSI signal cable to the connector for SCSI channel A on the
system board. See “System board internal connectors” on page 72 for the
location of the SCSI channel A connector.
5. Route the SCSI cable between the chassis and PCI-X slot 5 to the back of the
computer. Make sure that the cable does not block the flow of air to the
microprocessors or hard disk drives.
6. Attach the external connector to the rear of the computer.
v If the external end of the SCSI cable has a standard SCSI connector,
complete the following steps:
a. Remove the SCSI-connector knockout from the rear of the computer.
b. Insert the external SCSI connector on the SCSI cable into the knockout
opening and secure it with the attached screws.
v If the external end of the SCSI cable has an expansion-slot cover with an
embedded connector, complete the following steps:
a. Remove an expansion-slot cover from an available PCI-X slot.
b. Insert the expansion-slot cover with embedded connector into the slot
opening.
48 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 59 ---
7. Replace any adapters that you removed in step 3. Close the front
adapter-retention bracket and replace the rear adapter-retention bracket.
8. Replace the cover (see “Replacing the side cover” on page 51).
9. Reconnect the external cables and power cords. Turn on the attached devices,
and turn on the computer.
10. Use the SCSISelect program to configure SCSI channel A.
Installing a security rope clip
To help prevent hardware theft, you can add a security rope clip and cable to your
computer. After you add the security cable, make sure that it does not interfere with
other cables that are connected to the computer.
Before you begin, obtain the following items:
v A flat-blade screwdriver
v An adjustable wrench
v A 19-mm (0.75-in.) rope clip or wire rope (similar to National Manufacturing
number 3230, stock number 176-735)
v Threaded nuts that fit the rope clip
v A security cable
v A lock, such as a combination lock or padlock
Complete the following steps to install a rope clip:
1. Turn off the computer and all attached devices.
2. Disconnect all external cables and power cords; then, remove the side cover.
See “Removing the side cover” on page 25
3. Use a screwdriver to remove the two metal knockouts.
4. Insert the rope clip through the rear panel; then, attach and tighten the nuts.
Chapter 4. Installing options 49

--- Page 60 ---
5. Thread the cable through the rope clip and around an object that is not part of
or permanently secured to the building structure or foundation and from which
the cable cannot be removed. Fasten the cable ends together with a lock. After
you add the security cable, make sure that it does not interfere with other
cables that are connected to the computer.
Rope clip
6. If you have other options to install or remove, do so now; otherwise, replace the
side cover (see “Replacing the side cover” on page 51).
7. Reconnect the external cables and power cords. Turn on the attached devices,
and turn on the computer.
Replacing the bezel
Complete the following steps to replace the bezel:
1. Insert the tabs on the side of the bezel into the matching holes on the computer
chassis.
2. Push the bezel toward the computer until the tabs and bezel clips snap into
place.
50 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 61 ---
Replacing the side cover
Complete the following steps to replace the side cover.
1. Before installing the cover, check that all cables, adapters, and other
components are installed and seated correctly and that you have cleared all
work tools from inside the computer.
2. Install the side cover by placing it into position on the computer. Make sure that
the lip on the bottom of the cover rests inside the ledge on the bottom of the
chassis before rotating the cover toward the computer. Press down and forward
on the cover until it locks.
3. Reconnect the external cables and power cords to the computer.
4. Turn on the attached devices; then, turn on the computer.
Chapter 4. Installing options 51

--- Page 62 ---
Connecting external options
You can connect a number of optional external devices to the connectors on the
rear and front of the computer.
Complete the following steps to connect an external device:
1. Read the safety information beginning on page 127, the guidelines in “Handling
static-sensitive devices” on page 23, and the documentation that comes with
your options.
2. Turn off the computer and all attached devices (see “Turning off the computer”
on page 9).
3. Follow the instructions that come with the option to prepare it for installation and
to connect it to the computer.
If you are attaching a SCSI device, see “Ultra320 SCSI connector” on page 56 for
SCSI ID and cabling information.
52 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 63 ---
Input/output connectors
Connect optional external devices to the connectors on the front and rear of the
computer.
Your computer has the following input/output (I/O) connectors:
v One audio line in
v Two audio line out
v Two audio microphone
v One Ethernet
v Two IEEE 1394A (FireWire)
v One keyboard
v One mouse
v One parallel
v Two serial
v Six Universal Serial Bus (USB) 2.0
v One video
The following illustration shows the locations of the connectors on the rear of the
computer. See “Controls, LEDs, and connectors” on page 6 for the locations of the
connectors on the front of the computer.
Mouse
Keyboard
USB
1 and 2
Serial 1
Parallel
Serial 2
USB
3 and 4
Line out
(green)
Line in
(blue)
Microphone
(pink)
Video
IEEE 1394A
(FireWire)
Ethernet
Ethernet link
status LED
Ethernet transmit/
receive activity LED
SCSI knockout
Optional serial or video
port knockout
The following sections describe these connectors.
Chapter 4. Installing options 53

--- Page 64 ---
Audio connectors
Use the audio connectors to connect external audio equipment to the computer.
The following illustration shows the audio connectors.
Mic
(pink)
Line in
(blue)
Line out
(green)
Line in
There is one line-in connector on the rear of the computer. The computer receives
audio signals through this connector from an external audio device.
Line out
There are two line-out connectors, one on the front and one on the rear of the
computer. The computer sends audio signals through this connector to powered
speakers with built-in amplifiers, headphones, a multimedia keyboard, or the audio
line-in connector on a stereo system. The internal speaker in the computer is
disabled when a device is attached to this connector.
Mic
There are two microphone connectors, one on the front and one on the rear of the
computer. Connect a microphone to this connector to record sounds onto the hard
disk or to use speech-recognition software.
Auxiliary-device (pointing-device) connector
There is one auxiliary-device connector on the rear of the computer. Use this
connector to connect a mouse or other pointing device. The following illustration
shows an auxiliary-device connector.
6
4
2
1
3
5
Ethernet (RJ-45) connector
There is one Ethernet connector on the rear of the computer. Use this connector to
connect the computer to a 10-Mbps, 100-Mbps, or 1000-Mbps network. The
following illustration shows an Ethernet connector.
1
8
Link LED
(green)
Activity LED
(green)
Connect a Category 3, 4, or 5 unshielded twisted-pair (UTP) cable to this connector.
The 100BASE-TX and 1000BASE-T Fast Ethernet standards require Category 5 or
higher cabling.
54 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 65 ---
The Ethernet connector has one LED that indicates Ethernet-link status. When this
LED is lit, it indicates that there is an active connection on the Ethernet port. Activity
between the computer and the network is indicated by the Ethernet transmit/receive
activity LEDs on the front and rear of the computer (see “Controls, LEDs, and
connectors” on page 6).
IEEE 1394A (FireWire) connector
There is one 4-pin IEEE 1394A (FireWire) connector on the front of the computer
and one 6-pin IEEE 1394A (FireWire) connector on the rear of the computer. Use
these connectors to connect IEEE 1394 (FireWire) devices. The following
illustrations show the IEEE 1394A (FireWire) connectors.
4-pin IEEE 1394A (FireWire) connector (front)
4
3
21
6-pin IEEE 1394A (FireWire) connector (rear)
1
2
3
4
5
6
Keyboard connector
There is one keyboard connector on the rear of the computer. Use this connector to
connect a PS/2 (non-USB) keyboard. The following illustration shows a keyboard
connector.
6
4
2
1
3
5
If you attach a keyboard to this connector, USB ports and devices are disabled
during the power-on self-test (POST).
Parallel connector
There is one parallel connector on the rear of the computer. Use this connector to
connect a parallel device. The following illustration shows a parallel connector.
13
1
25
14
The parallel connector supports three standard Institute of Electrical and Electronics
Engineers (IEEE) 1284 modes of operation: standard parallel port (SPP), enhanced
parallel port (EPP), and extended capability port (ECP). If you configure the parallel
port to operate in bidirectional mode, it supports the ECP and EPP modes. When
the parallel connector is configured as bidirectional, use an IEEE 1284-compliant
Chapter 4. Installing options 55

--- Page 66 ---
cable that does not exceed 3 meters (9.8 ft). Use the Devices and I/O Ports
options in the IBM Configuration/Setup Utility program to configure the parallel
connector as bidirectional.
Serial connectors
There are two serial connectors on the rear of the computer. Use these connectors
to connect serial devices. The following illustration shows a serial connector.
1
5
69
Ultra320 SCSI connector
Your computer has an integrated SCSI controller. This dual-channel controller
supports two independent, Ultra320 SCSI channels that support up to 15 SCSI
devices each. The SCSI connectors for the channels are on the system board. The
controller has the following features:
v Double-transition clocking to achieve up to 320 MBps (megabytes per second)
data-transfer rates
v Domain name validation to negotiate compatible data-transfer speeds with each
device
v Cyclic-redundancy checking (CRC) to improve data reliability
v An active terminator for SCSI bus termination
The following illustration shows a SCSI connector.
34
1
68
35
SCSI cabling requirements
You can install four internal SCSI devices using the SCSI signal cable that comes
with some computer models. If you plan to attach external SCSI devices, you can
order an additional SCSI cable, remove the SCSI knockout from the rear of the
computer, and connect the new cable from the SCSI channel A connector on the
system board to this opening. To select and order the correct cables for use with
external devices, contact your IBM marketing representative or authorized reseller.
See “System board internal connectors” on page 72 for the locations of the SCSI
connectors.
If you want to attach external SCSI devices to the computer without using the
internal SCSI channel B, you must install an optional SCSI adapter.
Setting SCSI IDs
Each SCSI device that is connected to a SCSI controller must have a unique SCSI
ID. This ID enables the SCSI controller to identify the device and ensure that
different devices on the same SCSI channel do not attempt to transfer data
simultaneously. SCSI devices that are connected to different SCSI channels can
have duplicate SCSI IDs. See the information that comes with the device for
instructions for setting its SCSI ID.
56 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 67 ---
Universal Serial Bus connectors
There are six Universal Serial Bus (USB) 2.0 connectors, two on the front and four
on the rear of the computer. Use the USB connectors to connect optional telephony
and multimedia devices. USB 2.0 technology transfers data at up to 480 Mbps (Mb
per second) with a maximum of 127 external devices and a maximum signal
distance of 5 meters (16 ft) per segment (if the device that is attached to the
computer is a USB 2.0 device). If multiple USB devices are attached to the
computer, the USB hub must be USB 2.0; otherwise, all USB 2.0 devices will
transfer data at 12 Mbps. Using Plug and Play technology, USB devices are
configured automatically. The following illustration shows a USB connector.
14
Use a 4-pin USB cable to connect an external devices to a USB connector.
If you connect a PS/2 (non-USB) keyboard to the keyboard connector, USB ports
and devices are disabled during power-on self-test (POST).
If you connect a USB keyboard that has a mouse port, the keyboard emulates a
mouse, and you cannot disable the mouse settings in the Configuration/Setup Utility
program.
Video connector
The PCI Express x16 adapter, which is in PCI slot 1 on the system board, provides
the video connector. This connector is on the rear of the computer. Use the video
connector to connect a monitor or other display device. The following illustrations
show examples of different video connectors.
Analog video connector
1
5
1115
Digital (DVI-I) video connector
1
C1 C2
C3
C5
C4
Dual monitor system-59 (DMS-59) video connector
Some models come with a digital video interface (DVI) connector for connecting a
digital monitor. If you have problems viewing information with a second monitor,
refer to the User’s Guide.
Chapter 4. Installing options 57

--- Page 68 ---
Models with the NVIDIA Quadro FX 1300 or NVIDIA Quadro FX 3400 video adapter
come with a DVI-I to VGA style analog converter for each DVI-I connector.
Attention: To get the best performance from the NVIDIA Quadro FX 3400 video
adapter, you must connect the video adapter to the computer power supply.
Otherwise, the video adapter will be operating with very limited power, resulting in a
decrease in performance for some applications. Use the PCI Express x16 external
power drop to connect the video adapter to the computer power supply. The
following illustration shows the location of the video adapter power connector.
Video adapter
power connector
Models with the NVIDIA Quadro NVS 280 video adapter come with a dual monitor
system-59 (DMS-59) to dual-analog monitor pigtail cable. If you want to set up two
digital monitors, you will have to purchase a separate dual-digital monitor cable.
58 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 69 ---
Chapter 5. Field replaceable units
Microprocessor and heat sink ...................60
CD-ROM drive .........................61
Non-hot swap power supply ....................62
Rear-adapter retention bracket ...................63
I/O card retainer ........................64
Front (microprocessor) fan ....................65
Hard drive fan .........................66
Power/LED switch assembly ....................68
Card/bracket assembly ......................69
Speaker ...........................70
System board .........................71
System board option connectors .................71
System board internal connectors .................72
System board external connectors.................73
System board error LEDs ....................74
System board jumpers and switches ................75
Removing the system board ...................76
Top/side cover .........................78
Bezel-release latch .......................79
Handle assembly ........................81
The following information describes procedures for removing and installing certain
components inside the system. Only a qualified service technician is authorized to
replace the components described in this section.
Important: The field replaceable unit (FRU) procedures are intended for trained
servicers who are familiar with IBM IntelliStation Z Pro products. See
the parts listing in “System replaceable units” on page 117 to determine
if the component being replaced is a customer replaceable unit (CRU)
or a FRU.
Note: Before servicing this system, read “Installation guidelines” on page 23 and
Appendix B, “Safety information,” on page 127.
© Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2009 59

--- Page 70 ---
Microprocessor and heat sink
Before you begin:
v Read the “Installation guidelines” on page 23.
v Read Appendix B, “Safety information,” on page 127.
v Review the information in “System reliability considerations” on page 23.
To remove the microprocessor and heat sink, complete the following steps.
DIMMs
Heat sink
release lever
Heat sink 2
Microprocessor 2
Microprocessor
baffle assembly
Microprocessor
air baffle
VRM for second
microprocessor
1. Turn off the computer and remove external cables.
2. Remove the side cover (see “Removing the side cover” on page 25).
3. Disconnect any cables that impede access to the microprocessor.
4. Remove the heat sink from the microprocessor:
a. Press the microprocessor-baffle release lever down, move it toward the
other microprocessor, and lift it up to the open position.
b. Slide the heat-sink assembly toward the front of the computer and tip the
rear flange out of the heat-sink socket.
c. Lift the heat sink up and out of the computer.
Note: It might be necessary to gently twist the heat sink to loosen it from
the microprocessor.
Important: Be careful when handling the microprocessor and heat sink. If
the thermal grease between the microprocessor and heat sink
will be reused, do not contaminate it. If replacement thermal
grease is provided with the replacement part, be sure to remove
all traces of existing thermal grease from the remaining part
before applying the new thermal grease.
60 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 71 ---
Lever
fully
open
5. Rotate the microprocessor socket lever arm upward to its maximum vertical
position (135°), and lift the microprocessor up and out of the computer.
6. To install a microprocessor, see “Installing a second microprocessor” on page
44, beginning with step 8 on page 45.
CD-ROM drive
Before you begin:
v Read Appendix B, “Safety information,” on page 127.
v Review the information in “System reliability considerations” on page 23.
To remove the CD-ROM drive, complete the following steps:
1. Turn off the computer, if it is on.
2. Disconnect the power cord from the power source and from the computer; then,
disconnect all external cables.
3. Remove the side cover (see “Removing the side cover” on page 25).
4. Remove the front bezel (see “Removing the bezel” on page 26).
5. Disconnect the CD-ROM drive connector and power cables from the rear of the
drive.
6. Press the touch point on the raised area of the drive cage for the CD-ROM
drive and gently slide the drive out of the front of the computer.
For instructions for replacing the CD-ROM drive, see “Installing a drive in bay 2 or
3” on page 32.
Chapter 5. Field replaceable units 61

--- Page 72 ---
Non-hot swap power supply
Before you begin:
v Read Appendix B, “Safety information,” on page 127.
v Review the information in “System reliability considerations” on page 23.
To remove the non-hot-swap power supply, complete the following steps:
1. Turn off the computer, if it is on.
2. Disconnect the power cord from the power source and from the computer; then,
disconnect all external cables.
3. Remove the cover (see “Removing the side cover” on page 25).
4. Disconnect internal cables from the power supply to the system board and any
other components to which it is attached, making a note of where they connect.
5. Remove the screws from the rear of the computer.
6. Gently move the power supply away from the chassis and lift it out of the
computer.
To replace the non-hot-swap power supply, complete the following steps:
1. Align the tabs on the top of the power supply with the tab slots on the underside
of the top rear of the chassis, and slide the power supply toward the rear of the
chassis.
2. Secure the power supply to the rear of the chassis with the four screws.
3. Reconnect the power cables.
62 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 73 ---
Rear-adapter retention bracket
Before you begin:
v Read Appendix B, “Safety information,” on page 127.
v Review the information in “System reliability considerations” on page 23.
To remove the rear-adapter retainer, complete the following steps:
1. Turn off the computer, if it is on.
2. Disconnect the power cord from the power source and from the computer; then,
disconnect all external cables.
3. Remove the side cover (see “Removing the side cover” on page 25).
4. Remove all adapters (see “Installing an adapter” on page 26).
5. Grasp the rear adapter retainer, and gently slide the top and bottom tabs out of
the notches.
Rear adapter
retention bracket
To replace the rear adapter retainer, reverse the steps.
Chapter 5. Field replaceable units 63

--- Page 74 ---
I/O card retainer
Before you begin:
v Read Appendix B, “Safety information,” on page 127.
v Review the information in “System reliability considerations” on page 23.
To remove the I/O card retainer, complete the following steps:
1. Turn off the computer, if it is on.
2. Disconnect the power cord from the power source and from the computer; then,
disconnect all external cables.
3. Remove the side cover (see “Removing the side cover” on page 25).
4. Remove all adapters (see “Installing an adapter” on page 26).
Front view
Rear view
Release tab
Pivot
points
5. Squeeze the two release tabs on the card retainer.
6. Pull out on the two pivot points of the retainer and remove it from the computer.
To replace the I/O card retainer, reverse the steps.
64 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 75 ---
Front (microprocessor) fan
Before you begin:
v Read Appendix B, “Safety information,” on page 127.
v Review the information in “System reliability considerations” on page 23.
To remove a front fan, complete the following steps:
1. Turn off the computer, if it is on.
2. Disconnect the power cord from the power source and from the computer;
then, disconnect all external cables.
3. Remove the cover (see “Removing the side cover” on page 25).
4. Remove the front bezel (see “Removing the bezel” on page 26).
5. Pivot the drive cage out until it locks in position.
Fan baffle
Fan baffle
release tabs
Processor fans
6. Squeeze the fan baffle release tabs so that they release from the notches in
the chassis.
Note: It might be easier to perform this procedure if you remove adapters and
remove the front I/O card retainer.
7. From inside the computer, grasp the fan baffle, slide it out, and remove it from
the computer.
8. Note where the fan cable connects to the system board, and disconnect the
cable from the system board.
Note: See the system service label or “System board internal connectors” on
page 72 for system board connector locations.
9. Use side cutters to cut the four rubber extensions that secure the fan to the
chassis.
10. Remove the fan from the computer, making sure that no rubber extensions are
left loose in the computer.
Chapter 5. Field replaceable units 65

--- Page 76 ---
To install the new front fan assembly, complete the following steps:
1. Place the fan in position against the chassis.
2. Guide the rubber extensions through the apertures.
3. Use needle-nosed pliers to pull the extensions through the apertures.
4. Connect the fan cable.
5. Slide the fan baffle into place and guide the tabs into the slots in the chassis
until they lock in place.
6. If you removed the adapters and front I/O card retainer, replace the retainer and
then the adapters.
7. Press the touch point on the side of the drive cage and lower it back into place
in the computer.
8. Replace the bezel.
9. Replace the side cover.
Hard drive fan
Before you begin:
v Read Appendix B, “Safety information,” on page 127.
v Review the information in “System reliability considerations” on page 23.
To remove a rear fan, complete the following steps:
1. Turn off the computer, if it is on.
2. Disconnect the power cord from the power source and from the computer; then,
disconnect all external cables.
3. Remove the side cover (see “Removing the side cover” on page 25).
4. Rotate the drive cage up until it locks in position.
5. Note where the fan cable connects to the system board, and disconnect the
cable from the system board.
Note: See the system service label or “System board internal connectors” on
page 72 for system board connector locations.
66 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 77 ---
Fan latch
Fan assembly
Fan
6. On the side of the drive cage facing the front of the computer, grasp the fan
latch and pull it away from the drive cage, rotating it up.
7. Grasp the duct at the pivot points and pull them outward until they detach from
the drive cage.
8. Set the assembly on a level work surface with the fan facing up.
9. Use side cutters to sever the four rubber extensions securing the fan to the duct
and remove the fan.
To install the new rear fan assembly, reverse the previous steps, guiding the rubber
extensions through the apertures and using needle-nosed pliers to pull them
through.
Chapter 5. Field replaceable units 67

--- Page 78 ---
Power/LED switch assembly
Before you begin:
v Read the “Installation guidelines” on page 23.
v Read Appendix B, “Safety information,” on page 127.
v Review the information in “System reliability considerations” on page 23.
To remove the power/LED switch assembly, complete the following steps:
1. Turn off the computer, if it is on.
2. Disconnect the power cord from the power source and from the computer; then,
disconnect all external cables.
3. Remove the side cover (see “Removing the side cover” on page 25).
4. Remove the front bezel (see “Removing the bezel” on page 26).
5. Note where the power-switch and LED panel cable connects to the system
board; then, carefully disconnect the cable from the system board.
Note: See the system service label or “System board internal connectors” on
page 72 for system board connector locations.
Release tab
6. From inside the computer, press the release tab.
7. Pull the assembly toward the rear of the computer and remove it.
To replace the power/LED switch assembly, reverse the previous steps, making
sure that the assembly clicks into place in the chassis.
68 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 79 ---
Card/bracket assembly
Note:
v Read “Installation guidelines” on page 23.
v Read the safety notices at Appendix B, “Safety information,” on page 127.
v Read “Handling static-sensitive devices” on page 23.
Complete the following steps to remove the card/bracket connector assembly:
1. Turn off the computer and attached devices.
2. Disconnect the power cord from the power source and from the computer; then,
disconnect all external cables.
3. Remove the side cover (see “Removing the side cover” on page 25.
4. Remove the front bezel (see “Removing the bezel” on page 26).
5. Press the latch on the top of the assembly; this side of the assembly will detach
from the chassis.
6. Remove the tab on the bottom part of the assembly from the slot in the chassis.
7. Pull the assembly out slightly and detach the two cables from the back of the
assembly.
To install the card/bracket connector assembly, reverse the previous steps, placing
the bottom tab into the slot in the chassis and then pressing the top of the
assembly into place.
Chapter 5. Field replaceable units 69

--- Page 80 ---
Speaker
Note:
v Read “Installation guidelines” on page 23.
v Read the safety notices at Appendix B, “Safety information,” on page 127.
v Read “Handling static-sensitive devices” on page 23.
Complete the following steps to remove the speaker:
1. Turn off the computer and attached devices.
2. Disconnect the power cord from the power source and from the computer; then,
disconnect all external cables.
3. Remove the side cover (see “Removing the side cover” on page 25.
4. Note where the speaker cable connects to the system board; then, carefully
disconnect the cable from the system board.
Note: See the system service label or “System board internal connectors” on
page 72 for system board connector locations.
Speaker retainer
tabs
5. Press the speaker retainer tabs to detach them from the chassis.
6. Grasp the speaker and slide it up to clear the notches, and remove it.
To install the speaker, reverse the previous steps.
70 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 81 ---
System board
This section contains service information for the system board.
System board option connectors
The following illustration shows the system board connectors for user-installable
options.
Slot 6 PCI-X
Battery
Microprocessor 2
Microprocessor 2 VRM
Microprocessor 1
Slot 5 PCI-X
Slot 4 PCI-X
Slot 3 PCI
Slot 2 PCI
Slot 1 PCI
Express x 16
DIMM 5
DIMM 4
DIMM 3
DIMM 2
DIMM 1
DIMM 6
Remote Supervisor
Adapter II
Chapter 5. Field replaceable units 71

--- Page 82 ---
System board internal connectors
The following illustration shows the internal connectors on the system board.
Main
power
Fan 1
JCOM1
(to serial
port 2)
Fan 2
Fan 4
Front
USB
SCSI
channel A
SCSI
channel B
Microprocessor
power
Fan 3
Front panel
switch/LEDs
SCSI
backplane
Diskette
drive
Primary
IDE
Wake
on LAN
Serial
ATA
SCSI
activity
LEDs
72 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 83 ---
System board external connectors
The following illustration shows the external input/output port connectors on the
system board.
Mouse
Keyboard
Parallel
Serial 1
Serial 2
USB 2
USB 1
Ethernet
Video
1
2
Front USB
Chapter 5. Field replaceable units 73

--- Page 84 ---
System board error LEDs
The following illustration shows the LEDs on the system board.
DIMM 5
error LED (D17)
DIMM 4
error LED (D18)
DIMM 3
error LED (D19)
DIMM 2
error LED
DIMM 1
error LED (D21)
Fan 2
error LED (D27)
Fan 1
error LED (D26)
Fan 3
error LED (D25)
(reserved)
Fan 4
error LED (D29)
Microprocessor 1
error LED (D23)
Microprocessor 2
error LED (D22)
DIMM 6
error LED (D16)
(D20)
74 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 85 ---
System board jumpers and switches
This section describes the jumpers and switches on the system board.
Jumper Settings
Auto system restart (JP3) (device
driver required for ASR
functionality)
v Auto restart enabled (default) (no jumper)
v Auto restart disabled (with jumper)
Configuration (JCON1)
v Normal (default) (jumper on pins 1 and 2)
v Configuration (jumper on pins 2 and 3)
v BIOS crisis recovery (no jumper)
CMOS (JCMOS1)
v Keep CMOS data (default) (jumper on pins 1 and 2)
v Clear CMOS data (jumper on pins 2 and 3 with power cords removed from
server)
Reserved (JP1, JP2)
v No jumper (default)
System reset (JRST1)
v Normal (default) (no jumper)
v Force system reset (debug only) (with jumper)
Chapter 5. Field replaceable units 75

--- Page 86 ---
Removing the system board
Before you begin:
v Read Appendix B, “Safety information,” on page 127.
v Review the information in “System reliability considerations” on page 23.
Notes:
1. When replacing the system board, you must either update the server with the
latest firmware or restore the pre-existing firmware that the customer provides
on a diskette or CD image.
2. Removing the system board will be easier if the server is turned on its side.
To remove the system board, complete the following steps:
1. Turn off the server, if it is on.
2. Disconnect the power cord from the power source and from the server; then,
disconnect all external cables.
3. Remove the side cover (see “Removing the side cover” on page 25).
4. Rotate the drive cage to its upright position.
5. Remove the microprocessor air baffle.
6. Remove the adapters (see “Installing an adapter” on page 26).
7. Remove the heat sinks (see “Microprocessor and heat sink” on page 60).
8. Disconnect the cables on the system board, noting their locations.
Note: See the system service label or “System board internal connectors” on
page 72 for system board connector locations.
76 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 87 ---
Heat sink retention
module screws (8 places)
Heat sink retention
module
I/O port standoff
screws (6 places)
System board
retention latch
System board
9. Remove the six I/O port standoff screws and set them in a safe place.
10. Remove the eight heat sink retention module screws and set them in a safe
place; then, remove the heat sink retention module.
11. Move the retention latch toward the rear of the computer.
12. Grasp the sides of the system board assembly and slide it toward the front of
the computer until it detaches from the chassis; then, lift it out.
To replace the system board, reverse the previous steps.
Chapter 5. Field replaceable units 77

--- Page 88 ---
Top/side cover
Before you begin:
v Read Appendix B, “Safety information,” on page 127.
v Review the information in “System reliability considerations” on page 23.
To remove the top/side cover, complete the following steps:
1. Turn off the computer, if it is on.
2. Disconnect the power cord from the power source and from the computer; then,
disconnect all external cables.
3. Remove the side cover (see “Removing the side cover” on page 25).
4. Remove the front bezel (see “Removing the bezel” on page 26).
5. Remove the handle assembly (see “Handle assembly” on page 81).
6. Remove the four screws from the back of the computer and put them in a safe
place.
7. Using a screwdriver, gently pry the cover away from the computer in the rear
and slide the unit away from the computer.
To replace the top/side cover, reverse the steps.
78 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 89 ---
Bezel-release latch
Before you begin:
v Read Appendix B, “Safety information,” on page 127.
v Review the information in “System reliability considerations” on page 23.
To remove the bezel-release latch, complete the following steps:
1. Turn off the computer, if it is on.
2. Disconnect the power cord from the power source and from the computer; then,
disconnect all external cables.
3. Remove the side cover (see “Removing the side cover” on page 25).
4. Remove the front bezel (see “Removing the bezel” on page 26).
5. Remove the CD-ROM drive (see “CD-ROM drive” on page 61).
6. Pull down from inside the computer to release the latch tab.
7. From the underside, grasp the bezel-release latch in the center, and gently pull
it back and away from the computer.
Chapter 5. Field replaceable units 79

--- Page 90 ---
To replace the bezel-release latch, complete the following steps:
1. Align the bezel-release latch with the slots on the underside of the top of the
chassis, and slide it into place.
2. Replace the CD-ROM drive (see “Installing a drive in bay 2 or 3” on page 32).
3. Replace the front bezel (see “Replacing the bezel” on page 50).
4. Replace the side cover (see “Replacing the side cover” on page 51).
5. Connect all external cables; then, connect the power cord, and reconnect the
computer to power.
6. Turn on the computer.
80 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 91 ---
Handle assembly
Before you begin:
v Read Appendix B, “Safety information,” on page 127.
v Review the information in “System reliability considerations” on page 23.
To remove the handle cap, complete the following steps:
1. Turn off the computer, if it is on.
2. Disconnect the power cord from the power source and from the computer; then,
disconnect all external cables.
3. Use a flathead screwdriver to gently press in and down on the tabs on the
interior side wall of the handle.
Tab locations
4. Lift up on the handle cap to separate it from the handle support.
5. Turn the system back to the tower orientation; then, remove the top handle.
a. Carefully use a flat-blade screwdriver to push in the tabs inside the plastic
cover on the top of the system; then, remove the plastic cover. Store the
cover for possible future use.
b. Grasp the metal handle and slide it toward the rear of the computer to
remove it from the computer. Store the metal handle for possible future use.
To remove the handle support, complete the following steps:
1. Turn off the computer, if it is on.
2. Disconnect the power cord from the power source and from the computer; then,
disconnect all external cables.
3. Firmly grasp the handle support, and slide it away from the front bezel.
4. Lift up on the handle support to remove it from the slots in the top of the
chassis.
To install the handle assembly, reverse the steps.
Chapter 5. Field replaceable units 81

--- Page 92 ---
82 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 93 ---
Chapter 6. Symptom-to-FRU index
This index supports IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227 computers.
Notes:
1. Check the configuration before you replace a CRU or FRU. Configuration
problems can cause false errors and symptoms.
2. For IBM devices that are not supported by this index, see the documentation for
that device.
3. Always start with “General checkout” on page 13.
The symptom-to-FRU index lists symptoms, errors, and the possible causes. The
most likely cause is listed first. Use this symptom-to-FRU index to help you decide
which FRUs to have available when servicing the computer.
The first column of the two-column tables in this index lists error codes or
messages, and the last column lists one or more suggested actions or FRUs to
replace. Take the action (or replace the FRU) that is suggested first in the list, and
then try the computer again to see whether the problem has been corrected.
Note: Try reseating a suspected component or reconnecting a cable before
replacing the component.
The POST BIOS code displays POST error codes and messages on the screen.
Beep symptoms
Beep symptoms are short tones or a series of short tones separated by pauses
(intervals without sound). See the examples in the following table.
Beeps Description
1-2-3 v One beep
v A pause (or break)
v Two beeps
v A pause (or break)
v Three beeps
4 Four continuous beeps
One beep after successfully completing POST indicates the computer is functioning
properly.
Note: See “System replaceable units” on page 117 to determine which components should be replaced by a field
service technician.
Beep/symptom FRU/action
1-1-2
(Microprocessor register test failed.)
v Microprocessor
1-1-3
(CMOS write/read test failed.)
1. Battery
2. System board
1-1-4
(BIOS EEPROM checksum failed.)
1. Recover BIOS
2. System board
© Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2009 83

--- Page 94 ---
Note: See “System replaceable units” on page 117 to determine which components should be replaced by a field
service technician.
Beep/symptom FRU/action
1-2-1
(Programmable Interval Timer failed.)
v System board
1-2-2
(DMA page register test failed.)
v System board
1-2-3
(DMA page register write/read
failed.)
v System board
1-3-1
(First 64K RAM test failed.)
1. DIMM
2. Memory adapter
2-1-1
(Secondary DMA register failed.)
v System board
2-1-2
(Primary DMA register failed.)
v System board
2-1-3
(Primary interrupt mask register
failed.)
v System board
2-1-4
(Secondary interrupt mask register
failed)
v System board
2-2-2
(Keyboard controller failed.)
1. Keyboard
2. System board
2-2-3
(CMOS power failure and checksum
check failed.)
1. Battery
2. System board
2-4-1
(Video failed; system believed
operable.)
v System board
3-1-1
(Timer tick interrupt failed.)
v System board
3-1-2
(Interval timer channel 2 failed.)
v System board
3-1-3
(RAM test failed above address
OFFFFH.)
1. DIMM
2. System board
3-1-4
(Time-Of-Day clock failed.)
1. Battery
2. System board
3-2-1
(Serial port failed.)
v System board
3-2-2
(Parallel port failed.)
v System board
3-2-3
(Math coprocessor test failed.)
1. Optional microprocessor
2. Microprocessor
3. System board
84 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 95 ---
Note: See “System replaceable units” on page 117 to determine which components should be replaced by a field
service technician.
Beep/symptom FRU/action
3-2-4
(Failure comparing CMOS memory
size against actual.)
1. DIMM
2. Battery
3. System board
3-3-1
(Memory size mismatch occurred.)
1. DIMM
2. Battery
3. System board
3-3-2
(Critical SMBus error occurred, I2C
error)
1. Disconnect the computer power cord from outlet, wait 30 seconds,
and retry.
2. Microprocessor
3. DIMMs
4. SCSI backplane
5. SCSI power cable
6. System board
No-beep symptoms
Note: See “System replaceable units” on page 117 to determine which components should be replaced by a field
service technician.
No-beep symptom FRU/action
No beep occurs during POST.
v System board
No beep, no video, and the
system attention LED is off.
v System board
No beep, no video, and a
system board error LED is on.
v See “System board error LEDs” on page 74.
BIST failed.
v Microprocessor
POST error codes
In the following error codes, X can be any number or letter.
Note: See “System replaceable units” on page 117 to determine which components should be replaced by a field
service technician.
Error code/symptom FRU/action
062
(Three consecutive boot failures using the
default configuration.)
1. Run the Configuration/Setup Utility program.
2. Battery.
3. System board.
4. Microprocessor.
101, 102, 106
(Timer tick interrupt failure)
v System board
102
(Timer 2 test failure)
v System board
106
(Diskette controller error)
v System board
Chapter 6. Symptom-to-FRU index 85

--- Page 96 ---
Note: See “System replaceable units” on page 117 to determine which components should be replaced by a field
service technician.
Error code/symptom FRU/action
129
(Internal cache (L1) error)
1. Optional microprocessor
2. Microprocessor
151
(Real time clock error)
1. Battery
2. System board
161
(Real time clock battery error)
1. Run the Configuration/Setup Utility program.
2. Battery.
3. System board.
162
(Device configuration error)
Note: Be sure to load the default settings
and any additional desired settings; then,
save the configuration.
1. Run the Configuration/Setup Utility program.
2. Battery.
3. Failing device.
4. System board.
163
(Real-time clock error)
1. Run the Configuration/Setup Utility program.
2. Battery.
3. System board.
164
(Memory configuration changed.)
1. Run the Configuration/Setup Utility program.
2. DIMM.
3. System board.
175
(EEPROM CRC #1 damaged.)
1. If Remote Supervisor Adapter II is installed, make sure that the
latest firmware is installed.
2. System board
184
(Power-on password damaged)
1. Run the Configuration/Setup Utility program.
2. System board.
185
(Drive startup sequence information
corrupted)
1. Run the Configuration/Setup Utility program.
2. System board.
187
(VPD serial number not set.)
1. Set serial number in the Configuration/Setup Utility program.
2. System board.
188
(EEPROM CRC #2 damaged.)
1. Run the Configuration/Setup Utility program.
2. System board.
189
(An attempt made to enter the system with
invalid passwords)
1. Run the Configuration/Setup Utility program.
2. System board.
196
(Microprocessor cache mismatch)
1. Make sure that microprocessors are of same type and speed.
2. Microprocessor.
198
(Microprocessor speed mismatch)
1. Make sure that microprocessors are of same type and speed.
2. Microprocessor.
199
(Microprocessors not in recommended
configurations)
1. Make sure that microprocessors are of same type and speed.
2. Microprocessor.
201
(Memory test error.)
1. DIMM
2. System board
86 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 97 ---
Note: See “System replaceable units” on page 117 to determine which components should be replaced by a field
service technician.
Error code/symptom FRU/action
229
(Internal cache (L2) error)
1. Microprocessor
2. Optional microprocessor
289
(DIMM disabled by the user or system.)
1. Run the Configuration/Setup Utility program.
2. DIMM.
3. System board.
301
(Keyboard or keyboard controller error)
1. Keyboard
2. System board
303
(Keyboard controller error)
1. Replace the PS/2 keyboard with a USB keyboard.
2. System board.
602
(Invalid diskette boot record)
1. Diskette
2. Diskette drive
3. Drive cable
4. System board
604
(Diskette drive error)
1. Run the Configuration/Setup Utility program and diagnostics.
2. Diskette drive.
3. Drive cable.
4. System board.
662
(Diskette drive configuration error)
1. Run the Configuration/Setup Utility program and diagnostics.
2. Diskette drive.
3. Drive cable.
4. System board.
962
(Parallel port configuration error)
1. Run the Configuration/Setup Utility program.
2. System board.
1162
(Serial port configuration error)
v System board
11XX
(System board serial port 1 or 2 error)
1. Run the Configuration/Setup Utility program.
2. System board.
1601
(BIOS code update needed)
1. Download and install latest level of BIOS code.
2. System board.
1602
(Cable for optional Remote Supervisor
Adapter II not installed)
v Disconnect all computer and option power cords from computer,
wait 30 seconds, reconnect, and retry.
1762
(Hard drive configuration error, IDE only.)
1. Hard disk drive.
2. Hard disk cables.
3. Run the Configuration/Setup Utility program.
4. System board.
178X
(Hard drive error, IDE only.)
1. Hard disk cables
2. Hard disk adapter
3. Hard disk drive
4. System board
Chapter 6. Symptom-to-FRU index 87

--- Page 98 ---
Note: See “System replaceable units” on page 117 to determine which components should be replaced by a field
service technician.
Error code/symptom FRU/action
1800
(No more hardware interrupt available for
PCI adapter.)
1. Run the Configuration/Setup Utility program.
2. Remove adapter.
1801
(No more ROM space available for PCI
adapter.)
1. Run the Configuration/Setup Utility program.
2. Remove adapter.
3. Disable the adapter BIOS and run the Configuration/Setup Utility
program.
1802
(Unavailable I/O address for PCI adapter)
1. Start the Configuration/Setup Utility program and make sure that
I/O addresses for all adapters are set correctly.
2. Adapter.
3. System board.
1803
(Unavailable memory address for PCI
adapter)
1. Start the Configuration/Setup Utility program and make sure that
memory addresses for all other adapters are set correctly.
2. Adapter.
3. System board.
1804
(Unavailable memory address for PCI
adapter)
1. Remove an adapter to make memory address space available.
2. Disable adapter BIOS on adapter.
3. Adapter.
4. System board.
1805
(PCI ROM error occurred)
1. Remove all adapters and reinstall one at a time, restarting the
computer each time, until the failing adapter is determined;
then, replace that adapter.
2. System board.
1806
(PCI-to-PCI bridge error occurred)
1. Remove all adapters and reinstall one at a time, restarting the
computer each time, until the failing adapter is determined;
then, replace that adapter.
2. System board.
1807
(xxxxyyyy PCI device unresponsive or
disabled by user, where xxxx=PCI vendor
ID and yyyy=PCI device ID)
1. Run the Configuration/Setup Utility program and make sure the
device is enabled.
2. Adapter.
3. System board.
1808
(Unsupported PCI device is installed)
1. Remove all adapters and reinstall one at a time, restarting the
computer each time, until the failing adapter is determined;
then, replace that adapter.
2. System board.
1962
(Drive does not contain a valid boot
sector)
1. Verify that a startable operating system is installed.
2. Run diagnostics.
3. Hard disk drive.
4. SCSI backplane.
5. Cable.
6. System board.
2400 (Video controller test failure)
1. Video adapter (if installed)
2. System board.
88 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 99 ---
Note: See “System replaceable units” on page 117 to determine which components should be replaced by a field
service technician.
Error code/symptom FRU/action
2462
(Video configuration error)
1. Video adapter (if installed)
2. System board.
5962
(IDE CD-ROM drive configuration error)
1. Run the Configuration/Setup Utility program.
2. CD-ROM drive.
3. CD-ROM power cable.
4. IDE cable.
5. System board.
6. Battery.
8603
(Pointing-device error)
1. Pointing device
2. System board
00012000
(Machine check architecture error.)
1. Microprocessor
2. System board.
00019502
(Microprocessor 1 failed)
1. Microprocessor
2. System board
00019xxx (Microprocessor x not
functioning)
1. Verify microprocessor x is installed correctly.
2. Microprocessor x.
3. VRM, if installed.
4. System board.
00151200 (Unrecoverable error,
microprocessor x reported IERR)
1. Microprocessor x
2. VRM
3. System board
00180100
(No room for PCI option ROM)
1. Run the Configuration/Setup Utility program.
2. Failing adapter.
3. System board.
00180200
(No more I/O space available for PCI
adapter.)
1. Run the Configuration/Setup Utility program.
2. Adapter.
3. System board.
00180300
(No more memory above 1MB for PCI
adapter.)
1. Run the Configuration/Setup Utility program.
2. Adapter.
3. System board.
00180400
(No memory below 1 MB for PCI adapter.)
1. Run the Configuration/Setup Utility program.
2. Adapter.
3. System board.
00180500
(PCI option ROM checksum error.)
1. PCI adapter.
2. System board.
00180600
(PCI device BIST failure. PCI bridge error.)
1. Run the Configuration/Setup Utility program.
2. Adapter.
3. System board.
00180700
(PCI device not responding.)
1. PCI adapter.
2. System board.
Chapter 6. Symptom-to-FRU index 89

--- Page 100 ---
Note: See “System replaceable units” on page 117 to determine which components should be replaced by a field
service technician.
Error code/symptom FRU/action
00180xxx (PCI adapter has requested
resources that are not available)
1. Reorder adapters in PCI slots.
2. Verify that boot device is positioned early in the scan order so that it
is executed by POST.
3. Verify that all adapters are set correctly in Configuration/Setup Utility
program, changing memory settings if necessary.
4. Remove an adapter to make more memory available to the adapters.
5. Disable adapter BIOS on adapter (see documentation provided with
adapter).
6. System board.
00181000
(General PCI error)
1. Adapter
2. System board
012980xx (Microprocessor 1 error)
1. Verify both microprocessors have same cache size and type
and the same clock speed.
2. Download and update the BIOS code.
3. Microprocessor 1.
4. System board.
012981xx (Microprocessor 2 error)
1. Verify both microprocessors have same cache size and type
and the same clock speed.
2. Download and update the BIOS code.
3. Microprocessor 2.
4. System board.
I9990301
(Invalid boot record on hard disk)
1. Partition and format hard disk drive.
2. Cable.
3. Hard disk drive.
4. Adapter/system board.
I9990650
(AC power has been restored)
1. Check cable.
2. Check for interruption of power.
3. Power cable.
Diagnostic error codes
Note: In the following error codes, if XXX is 000, 195, or 197 do not replace a
FRU. The description for these error codes are:
000 The test passed.
195 The Esc key was pressed to abort the test.
197 Warning; a hardware failure might not have occurred.
For all error codes, replace or follow the indicated FRU or action.
Error code/symptom FRU/action
001-XXX-000 (Failed core tests)
v System board
001-XXX-001 (Failed core tests)
v System board
90 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 101 ---
Error code/symptom FRU/action
001-250-000 (Failed system board ECC)
v System board
001-250-001 (Failed Processor Board ECC)
v System board
001-292-000 (Core system: failed/CMOS
checksum failed)
v Load BIOS code defaults and rerun test.
005-XXX-000 (Failed Video test)
1. Video adapter
2. System board
011-XXX-000 (Failed COM1 Serial Port
test)
1. Check loopback plug connected to externalized serial port.
2. System board.
011-XXX-001 (Failed COM2 Serial Port
test)
1. Check loopback plug connected to externalized serial port.
2. Check cable from externalized port to system board. Should
connect to serial port B on the system board (JCOM1).
3. System board.
014-XXX-000 (Failed Parallel Port test)
v System board
015-XXX-001 (USB interface not found,
board damaged)
v System board
015-XXX-198 (Remote Supervisor Adapter
II installed) or (USB device connected
during USB test)
1. If Remote Supervisor Adapter II is installed as an option,
remove it and rerun test.
Note: If Remote Supervisor Adapter II is present as a standard
installation, do not remove it; the test cannot be run.
2. Remove USB devices and rerun test.
3. System board
.
020-XXX-000 (Failed PCI Interface test)
v System board
030-XXX-000 (Failed Internal SCSI
interface test)
v System board
035-XXX-099 (No adapters were found)
v If an adapter is installed re-check the connection.
035-XXX-S99 (Failed RAID test on PCI slot
S, check System Error Log before replacing
a FRU)
1. RAID adapter
2. SCSI backplane
3. Cable
035-XXX-SNN (Check System Error Log
before replacing a FRU, NN = SCSI ID of
failing fixed disk)
v Hard disk with SCSI ID NN on RAID adapter in PCI slot S.
035-253-S99 (RAID adapter initialization
failure)
1. ServeRAID Adapter in slot S is not configured properly. Obtain
the basic and extended configuration status and see the
ServeRAID Hardware Maintenance Manual for more
information.
2. Cable.
3. SCSI backplane.
4. Adapter.
089-XXX-001 (Failed Microprocessor test)
1. Microprocessor 1
2. System board
089-XXX-002 (Failed Optional
Microprocessor test)
1. Microprocessor 2
2. System board
Chapter 6. Symptom-to-FRU index 91

--- Page 102 ---
Error code/symptom FRU/action
165-060-000 (Service Processor: RSA may
be busy)
1. Rerun the diagnostic test.
2. Fix other error conditions that might be keeping the Remote
Supervisor Adapter II busy. Refer to the error log and diagnostic
panel.
3. Disconnect all computer and option power cords from the computer,
wait 30 seconds, reconnect, and retry.
4. System board.
.
165-198-000 (Service Processor: Aborted)
1. Rerun the diagnostic test.
2. Fix other error conditions that might be keeping the Remote
Supervisor Adapter II busy. Refer to the error log and diagnostic
panel.
3. Disconnect all computer and option power cords from the computer,
wait 30 seconds, reconnect, and retry.
4. System board.
165-201-000 (Service Processor: Failed)
1. Disconnect all computer and option power cords from
computer, wait 30 seconds, reconnect, and retry.
2. System board.
165-330-000 (Service Processor: Failed)
v Update to the latest ROM diagnostic level, and retry.
165-342-000 (Service Processor: Failed)
1. Make sure that the latest firmware levels for Remote
Supervisor Adapter II and BIOS are installed.
2. Disconnect all computer and option power cords from computer,
wait 30 seconds, reconnect, and retry.
3. System board.
166-198-000 System Management: Aborted
(Unable to communicate with RSA. It may
be busy. Run the test again.)
1. Run the diagnostic test again.
2. Correct other error conditions and retry. These include other failed
system-management tests and items that are logged in the
system-error log of the optional Remote Supervisor Adapter II.
3. Disconnect all computer and option power cords from the computer,
wait 30 seconds, reconnect, and retry.
4. Remote Supervisor Adapter II.
5. System board.
166-201-001 System Management: Failed
(I2C bus error(s). See SERVPROC and
DIAGS entries in event log.)
1. Reseat the I2C cable between the Remote Supervisor Adapter II
and the system board.
2. Reseat DIMMs.
3. DIMMs.
4. System board.
166-250-000 System Management: Failed
(I2C cable is disconnected. Reconnect I2C
cable between Remote Supervisor Adapter
and system board.)
1. Reseat the I2C cable between the Remote Supervisor Adapter II
and the system board.
2. Remote Supervisor Adapter II.
3. System board.
166-260-000 System Management: Failed
(Restart RSAError. After restarting, RSA
communication was lost.)
1. Disconnect all computer and option power cords from the
computer, wait 30 seconds, reconnect, and retry.
2. Reseat the Remote Supervisor Adapter II.
3. Remote Supervisor Adapter II.
92 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 103 ---
Error code/symptom FRU/action
166-342-000 System Management: Failed
(RSA BIST indicate failed tests.)
1. Make sure that the latest firmware levels for Remote
Supervisor Adapter II and BIOS are installed.
2. Disconnect all computer and option power cords from the computer,
wait 30 seconds, reconnect, and retry.
3. Remote Supervisor Adapter II.
180-XXX-000 (Diagnostics LED failure)
v Run diagnostic LED test for the failing LED.
180-XXX-001 (Failed Front LED panel test)
v Information LED panel
180-XXX-002 (Failed Diagnostics LED
panel test)
v System board
180-XXX-003 (Failed system board LED
test)
v System board
180-XXX-005 (Failed SCSI Backplane LED
test)
1. SCSI backplane
2. SCSI backplane cable
3. System board
201-XXX-0NN (Failed Memory test, see
“Installing memory modules” on page 41)
1. DIMM Location slots 1-6 where NN = DIMM location.
Note: NN 1=DIMM 1 NN 2=DIMM 2 NN 3=DIMM 3 NN 4=DIMM 4
NN 5=DIMM 5 NN 6=DIMM 6
2. System board
202-XXX-001 (Failed System Cache test)
1. Microprocessor 1
2. System board
202-XXX-002 (Failed System Cache test)
1. Microprocessor 2
2. System board
206-XXX-000 (Failed Diskette Drive test)
1. Rerun the test with another diskette.
2. Diskette drive cables.
3. Diskette drive.
4. System board.
214-XXX-000 (Failed Diskette Drive test)
1. Rerun the test with another diskette.
2. Cable.
3. Diskette drive.
4. System board.
215-XXX-000 (Failed IDE CD-ROM test)
1. Rerun the test with a different CD.
2. CD-ROM drive cables.
3. CD-ROM drive.
4. System board.
217-198-XXX
(Could not establish drive parameters)
1. Check the cable and termination.
2. SCSI backplane.
3. Hard disk drive.
.
217-XXX-000 (Failed Fixed Disk test)
Note: If RAID is configured, the fixed disk
number refers to the RAID logical array.
1. Fixed Disk 1
2. System board
217-XXX-001 (Failed BIOS Fixed Disk test)
Note: If RAID is configured, the fixed disk
number refers to the RAID logical array.
1. Fixed Disk 2
2. System board
Chapter 6. Symptom-to-FRU index 93

--- Page 104 ---
Error code/symptom FRU/action
217-XXX-002 (Failed Fixed Disk test)
Note: If RAID is configured, the fixed disk
number refers to the RAID logical array.
1. Fixed Disk 3
2. System board
217-XXX-003 (Failed Fixed Disk test)
Note: If RAID is configured, the fixed disk
number refers to the RAID logical array.
1. Fixed Disk 4
2. System board
217-XXX-004 (Failed Fixed Disk test)
Note: If RAID is configured, the fixed disk
number refers to the RAID logical array.
1. Fixed Disk 5
2. System board
217-XXX-005 (Failed Fixed Disk test)
Note: If RAID is configured, the fixed disk
number refers to the RAID logical array.
1. Fixed Disk 6
2. System board
264-XXX-0NN (Failed Tape Drive test)
1. Tape cartridge, if the user ran the Read/Write Tape Drive test
(failure code of XXX = 256).
2. SCSI or power cable connected to the tape drive with SCSI ID NN.
3. Tape drive with SCSI ID NN. (See the help and service information
appendix of the tape drive user guide.)
4. System board or SCSI controller. (Run SCSI controller diagnostic to
determine if the SCSI bus is functioning properly.)
264-XXX-999 (Errors on multiple tape
drives, see error text for more info)
v See error messages and text in the PC Doctor error log for
detailed information about each individual tape drive error.
301-XXX-000 (Failed Keyboard test)
1. Keyboard
2. System board
405-XXX-000 (Failed Ethernet test on
controller on the system board)
1. Make sure that Ethernet is not disabled in BIOS.
2. System board.
405-XXX-A0N (Failed Ethernet test on
adapter in slot A)
1. For A=0, system board
2. For A >0, adapter in PCI slot A
415-XXX-000 (Failed Modem test)
1. Cable
Note: Make sure that the modem is present and attached to the
computer.
2. Modem
3. System board
94 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 105 ---
Diagnostic error LEDs
Lit LED FRU/action
DIMM x (where x = DIMM 1-6; see “System
board error LEDs” on page 74)
1. DIMM x
2. System board
Microprocessor x (where x = 1-2; see
“System board error LEDs” on page 74)
1. Microprocessor x
2. System board
Fan x (wherex=1,2,or4;see“System
board error LEDs” on page 74)
Note: This feature is supported with
optional Remote Supervisor Adapter II only.
1. Fan x
2. System board
Hard disk drive x (where x = 0-5)
Note: LEDs are located on the front of the
hot-swap hard disk drives.
1. Hard disk drive x
2. System board
Error symptoms
You can use the error symptom table to find solutions to problems that have definite
symptoms.
If you cannot find the problem in the error symptom charts, run the diagnostic
programs to test the computer.
If you have just added new software or a new option and the computer is not
working, complete the following steps before using the error symptom charts:
1. Remove the software or device that you just added.
2. Run the diagnostic tests to determine whether the computer is running correctly.
3. Reinstall the new software or new device.
In the following table, if the entry in the FRU/action column is a suggested action,
perform that action; if it is the name of a component, reseat the component and
replace it if necessary. The most likely cause of the symptom is listed first.
Note: See Chapter 7, “Parts listing Types 6223 and 6227,” on page 115 to determine which components are
replaceable by the customer (CRU), and which components must be replaced by a field service technician (FRU).
CD-ROM drive
Symptom FRU/action
CD-ROM drive is not
recognized.
1. Verify that:
v The IDE channel to which the CD-ROM drive is attached (primary or
secondary) is enabled in the Configuration/Setup Utility program.
v All cables and jumpers are installed correctly.
v The correct device driver is installed for the CD-ROM drive.
2. Run CD-ROM drive diagnostics.
3. CD-ROM drive.
CD is not working properly.
1. Clean the CD.
2. Run CD-ROM diagnostics.
3. CD-ROM drive.
Chapter 6. Symptom-to-FRU index 95

--- Page 106 ---
Note: See Chapter 7, “Parts listing Types 6223 and 6227,” on page 115 to determine which components are
replaceable by the customer (CRU), and which components must be replaced by a field service technician (FRU).
CD-ROM drive
Symptom FRU/action
CD-ROM drive tray is not
working. (The computer must be
powered on.)
1. Insert the end of a paper clip into the manual tray-release opening.
2. Run CD-ROM diagnostics.
3. CD-ROM drive.
Note: See Chapter 7, “Parts listing Types 6223 and 6227,” on page 115 to determine which components are
replaceable by the customer (CRU), and which components must be replaced by a field service technician (FRU).
Diskette drive
Symptom FRU/action
The diskette drive activity LED
stays lit, or the computer
bypasses the diskette drive, or
the diskette drive does not
work.
1. If there is a diskette in the drive, verify that:
v The diskette drive is enabled in the Configuration/Setup utility program.
v The diskette is good and not damaged. (Try another diskette if you have
one.)
v The diskette is inserted correctly in the drive.
v The diskette contains the necessary files to start the computer.
v The software program is working properly.
v The cable is installed correctly (in the proper orientation).
2. To prevent diskette drive read/write errors, make sure that the distance
between monitors and diskette drives is at least 76 mm (3 in.).
3. Run diskette drive diagnostics.
4. Cable.
5. Diskette drive.
6. System board.
Note: See Chapter 7, “Parts listing Types 6223 and 6227,” on page 115 to determine which components are
replaceable by the customer (CRU), and which components must be replaced by a field service technician (FRU).
General
Symptom FRU/action
Problems such as broken cover
locks or indicator LEDs not
working
v Broken CRU/FRU
Note: See Chapter 7, “Parts listing Types 6223 and 6227,” on page 115 to determine which components are
replaceable by the customer (CRU), and which components must be replaced by a field service technician (FRU).
Hard disk drive
Symptom FRU/action
Not all drives are recognized by
the hard disk drive diagnostic
test (Fixed Disk test).
1. Remove the first drive not recognized and try the hard disk drive
diagnostic test again.
2. If the remaining drives are recognized, replace the drive you removed with a
new one.
96 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 107 ---
Note: See Chapter 7, “Parts listing Types 6223 and 6227,” on page 115 to determine which components are
replaceable by the customer (CRU), and which components must be replaced by a field service technician (FRU).
Hard disk drive
Symptom FRU/action
System stops responding during
hard disk drive diagnostic test.
1. Remove the hard disk drive being tested when the computer stopped
responding and try the diagnostic test again.
2. If the hard disk drive diagnostic test runs successfully, replace the drive you
removed with a new one.
Note: See Chapter 7, “Parts listing Types 6223 and 6227,” on page 115 to determine which components are
replaceable by the customer (CRU), and which components must be replaced by a field service technician (FRU).
Intermittent
Symptom FRU/action
A problem occurs only
occasionally and is difficult to
detect.
1. Verify that:
v All cables and cords are connected securely to the rear of the computer and
attached options.
v When the computer is turned on, air is flowing from the rear of the computer
at the fan grill. If there is no airflow, the fan is not working. This causes the
computer to overheat and shut down.
v Ensure that the SCSI bus and devices are configured correctly and that the
last external device in each SCSI chain is terminated correctly.
2. Check the system error log.
Note: See Chapter 7, “Parts listing Types 6223 and 6227,” on page 115 to determine which components are
replaceable by the customer (CRU), and which components must be replaced by a field service technician (FRU).
Keyboard, mouse, or pointing-device
Symptom FRU/action
All or some keys on the
keyboard do not work.
1. Verify that:
v The keyboard cable is securely connected to the system, and the keyboard
and mouse cables are not reversed.
v The computer and the monitor are turned on.
2. Keyboard.
3. System board.
The mouse or pointing device
does not work.
1. Verify that:
v The mouse or pointing-device cable is securely connected, and that the
keyboard and mouse cables are not reversed.
v The mouse device drivers are installed correctly.
2. Mouse or pointing device.
3. System board.
Chapter 6. Symptom-to-FRU index 97

--- Page 108 ---
Note: See Chapter 7, “Parts listing Types 6223 and 6227,” on page 115 to determine which components are
replaceable by the customer (CRU), and which components must be replaced by a field service technician (FRU).
Memory
Symptom FRU/action
The amount of system memory
displayed is less than the
amount of physical memory
installed.
1. Verify that:
v The memory modules are seated properly.
v You have installed the correct type of memory.
v If you changed the memory, you updated the memory configuration with the
Configuration/Setup Utility program.
v All banks of memory on the DIMMs are enabled. The computer might have
automatically disabled a DIMM bank when it detected a problem or a DIMM
bank could have been manually disabled.
2. Check POST error log for error message 289:
v If the DIMM was disabled by a system-management interrupt (SMI), replace
the DIMM.
v If the DIMM was disabled by the user or by POST:
a. Start the Configuration/Setup Utility program.
b. Enable the DIMM.
c. Save the configuration and restart the computer.
3. DIMM.
4. System board.
Note: See Chapter 7, “Parts listing Types 6223 and 6227,” on page 115 to determine which components are
replaceable by the customer (CRU), and which components must be replaced by a field service technician (FRU).
Microprocessor
Symptom FRU/action
The computer emits a
continuous tone during POST.
(The startup (boot)
microprocessor is not working
properly.)
1. Verify that the startup microprocessor is seated properly.
2. Startup microprocessor.
Note: See Chapter 7, “Parts listing Types 6223 and 6227,” on page 115 to determine which components are
replaceable by the customer (CRU), and which components must be replaced by a field service technician (FRU).
Monitor
Symptom FRU/action
Monitor problems (general). Some IBM monitors have their own self-tests. If you suspect a problem with the
monitor, refer to the information that comes with the monitor for adjusting and
testing instructions.
1. Monitor.
2. Run video diagnostics. If diagnostics pass, the problem may be a video driver.
3. Display adapter / system board.
98 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 109 ---
Note: See Chapter 7, “Parts listing Types 6223 and 6227,” on page 115 to determine which components are
replaceable by the customer (CRU), and which components must be replaced by a field service technician (FRU).
Monitor
Symptom FRU/action
The screen is blank.
1. Verify that:
v The computer power cord is connected to the computer and a working
electrical outlet.
v The monitor cables are connected properly.
v The monitor is turned on and the brightness and contrast controls are
adjusted correctly.
v If the computers are C2T chained together, verify that:
– The C2T chain cables are securely connected to the computers.
– The C2T breakout cable is connected properly.
– A computer that is turned on is selected.
Important: In some memory configurations, the 3-3-3 beep code might sound
during POST followed by a blank display screen. If this occurs and the Boot
Fail Count feature in the Start Options of the Configuration/Setup Utility
program is set to Enabled (its default setting), you must restart the computer
three times to force the system BIOS to reset the CMOS values to the default
configuration (memory connector or bank of connectors enabled).
If you have installed a Remote Supervisor Adapter II in the computer, make
sure that the video cable is connected to the Remote Supervisor Adapter II.
2. Make sure that damaged BIOS code is not affecting the video; see “Recovering
from a POST/BIOS update failure” on page 19.
3. If you have verified these items and the screen remains blank, replace:
a. Monitor
b. Video adapter, if installed
c. System board
Only the cursor appears.
v See “Undetermined problems” on page 113.
The monitor works when you
turn on the computer but goes
blank when you start some
application programs.
1. Verify that:
v The application program is not setting a display mode higher than the
capability of the monitor.
v The primary monitor cable is connected to the C2T device breakout cable.
v You installed the necessary device drivers for the applications.
2. If you have verified these items and the screen remains blank, replace the
monitor.
Chapter 6. Symptom-to-FRU index 99

--- Page 110 ---
Note: See Chapter 7, “Parts listing Types 6223 and 6227,” on page 115 to determine which components are
replaceable by the customer (CRU), and which components must be replaced by a field service technician (FRU).
Monitor
Symptom FRU/action
The screen is wavy, unreadable,
rolling, distorted, or has screen
jitter.
1. If the monitor self-tests show the monitor is working properly, consider
the location of the monitor. Magnetic fields around other devices (such as
transformers, appliances, fluorescent lights, and other monitors) can cause
screen jitter or wavy, unreadable, rolling, or distorted screen images. If this
happens, turn off the monitor. (Moving a color monitor while it is turned on
might cause screen discoloration.) Then move the device and the monitor at
least 305 mm (12 in.) apart. Turn on the monitor.
Notes:
a. To prevent diskette drive read/write errors, make sure that the distance
between monitors and diskette drives is at least 76 mm (3 in.).
b. Non-IBM monitor cables might cause unpredictable problems.
c. An enhanced monitor cable with additional shielding is available for the
9521 and 9527 monitors. For information about the enhanced monitor
cable, contact your IBM reseller or IBM marketing representative.
2. Video adapter, if installed.
3. System board.
Wrong characters appear on the
screen.
1. If the wrong language is displayed, update the BIOS code with the correct
language.
2. Video adapter, if installed.
3. System board.
No video. Make sure that all cables are connected correctly and securely. If you have
installed a Remote Supervisor Adapter II in the computer, make sure that the video
cable is connected to the Remote Supervisor Adapter II.
Note: See Chapter 7, “Parts listing Types 6223 and 6227,” on page 115 to determine which components are
replaceable by the customer (CRU), and which components must be replaced by a field service technician (FRU).
Option
Symptom FRU/action
An IBM option that was just
installed does not work.
1. Verify that:
v The option is designed for the computer (see the ServerProven
®
list at
http://www.ibm.com/pc/compat/).
v You followed the installation instructions that came with the option.
v The option is installed correctly.
v You have not loosened any other installed options or cables.
v You updated the configuration information in the Configuration/Setup Utility
program. Whenever memory or an option is changed, you must update the
configuration.
2. Option you just installed.
100 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 111 ---
Note: See Chapter 7, “Parts listing Types 6223 and 6227,” on page 115 to determine which components are
replaceable by the customer (CRU), and which components must be replaced by a field service technician (FRU).
Option
Symptom FRU/action
An IBM option that used to work
does not work now.
1. Verify that all of the option hardware and cable connections are secure.
2. If the option comes with its own test instructions, use those instructions to test
the option.
3. If the failing option is a SCSI option, verify that:
v The cables for all external SCSI options are connected correctly.
v The last option in each SCSI chain, or the end of the SCSI cable, is
terminated correctly.
v Any external SCSI option is turned on. You must turn on an external SCSI
option before turning on the computer.
4. Failing option.
Note: See Chapter 7, “Parts listing Types 6223 and 6227,” on page 115 to determine which components are
replaceable by the customer (CRU), and which components must be replaced by a field service technician (FRU).
Power
Symptom FRU/action
The power switch does not work
and the reset button, if
supported, does work.
1. Reseat the connector.
2. Power switch card.
3. System board.
The computer does not turn on.
1. Verify that:
v The power cables are properly connected to the computer.
v The electrical outlet functions properly.
v The type of memory installed is supported by the computer, and that
functional DIMMs are installed in slots 1 and 2.
v If you just installed an option, remove it, and restart the computer. If the
computer now turns on, you might have installed more options than the
power supply supports.
2. If LEDs for microprocessors or VRMs are on, verify that:
a. A VRM is installed if a second microprocessor is present.
b. All microprocessors have the same speed.
3. Check the power supply, see “Hot-swap power-supply LED errors” on page
103. If the power supply is operating correctly:
a. Service processor (baseboard management controller) error.
b. Operator information card.
c. System board
The computer does not turn off.
1. Verify whether you are using an ACPI or non-ACPI operating system. If
you are using a non-ACPI operating system:
a. Press Ctrl+Alt+Delete.
b. Turn off the system by holding the power-control button for 4 seconds.
c. If computer fails during BIOS POST and power-control button does not
work, remove the AC power cord.
2. If the problem remains or if you are using an ACPI-aware operating system,
suspect the system board.
Chapter 6. Symptom-to-FRU index 101

--- Page 112 ---
Note: See Chapter 7, “Parts listing Types 6223 and 6227,” on page 115 to determine which components are
replaceable by the customer (CRU), and which components must be replaced by a field service technician (FRU).
Serial port
Symptom FRU/action
The number of serial ports
identified by the operating
system is less than the number
of serial ports installed.
1. Verify that:
v Each port is assigned a unique address by the Configuration/Setup Utility
program and none of the serial ports is disabled.
v The serial-port adapter, if you installed one, is seated properly.
2. Failing serial port adapter.
A serial device does not work.
1. Verify that:
v The device is compatible with the computer.
v The serial port is enabled and is assigned a unique address.
v The device is connected to the correct port (see “Input/output connectors” on
page 53).
2. Failing serial device.
3. Serial adapter, if installed.
4. System board.
Note: See Chapter 7, “Parts listing Types 6223 and 6227,” on page 115 to determine which components are
replaceable by the customer (CRU), and which components must be replaced by a field service technician (FRU).
ServerGuide Setup and Installation CD
Symptom FRU/action
The ServerGuide Setup and
Installation CD will not start.
v Verify that the server is supported and has a startable (bootable) CD-ROM
drive.
v If the startup (boot) sequence settings have been altered, ensure that the
CD-ROM drive is first in the startup sequence.
v If more than one CD-ROM drive is installed, ensure that only one drive is set as
the primary drive. Start the CD from the primary drive.
The SCSI RAID program cannot
view all installed drives, or the
NOS cannot be installed.
v Verify that there are no duplicate SCSI IDs or IRQ assignments.
v Verify that the hard disk drive is connected properly.
The operating system
installation program
continuously loops.
v Make more space available on the hard disk.
The ServerGuide program will
not start the operating-system
CD.
v Verify that the operating-system CD you have is supported by the
ServerGuide program. See the ServerGuide Setup and Installation CD label for
a list of supported operating system versions.
The operating system cannot be
installed; the option is not
available.
v Verify that the operating system is supported on the computer. If the
operating system is supported, either there is no logical drive defined (SCSI
RAID systems) or the ServerGuide System Partition is not present. Run the
ServerGuide program, and ensure that setup is complete.
102 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 113 ---
Note: See Chapter 7, “Parts listing Types 6223 and 6227,” on page 115 to determine which components are
replaceable by the customer (CRU), and which components must be replaced by a field service technician (FRU).
Software
Symptom FRU/action
Suspected software problem.
1. To determine if problems are caused by the software, verify that:
v The computer has the minimum memory needed to use the software. For
memory requirements, see the information that comes with the software.
Note: If you have just installed an adapter or memory, you might have a
memory address conflict.
v The software is designed to operate on the computer.
v Other software works on the computer.
v The software that you are using works on another system.
If you received any error messages when using the software program, see the
information that comes with the software for a description of the messages and
suggested solutions to the problem.
2. If you have verified these items and the problem remains, contact the place of
purchase.
Hot-swap power-supply LED errors
Use the information in this section to solve power-supply problems.
Note: The minimum configuration required for the dc good light to be lit is:
v Power supply
v Power cage assembly, if installed.
v System board.
Note: See “System replaceable units” on page 117 to determine which components should be replaced by a field
service technician.
AC good
LED
DC good
LED Description FRU/action
Off Off No power to system or
ac problem.
1. Check ac power to the system.
2. Power supply.
On Off Standby mode or dc
problem.
1. Check system board cable connectors JPWR1 and
JPWR2. Power-on the server. If the dc good LED is lit, press
Ctrl+Alt+Delete. Watch the screen for any POST errors.
Check the system error log for any listed problems. If the
system starts with no errors:
a. Power switch assembly
b. System board
2. Remove the adapters and disconnect the cables and power
connectors to all internal and external devices. Turn on the
system. If the dc good LED is lit, replace the adapters and
devices one at a time until you isolate the problem.
3. Power supply.
4. Power cage assembly, if installed.
5. System board.
On On Power is working
properly.
N/A
Chapter 6. Symptom-to-FRU index 103

--- Page 114 ---
Service processor error codes
When viewed in the system-error log, the Remote Supervisor Adapter II messages
will appear as text descriptions. To determine a possible error condition for the
Remote Supervisor Adapter II, see the system-error log (see “Starting the diagnostic
programs and viewing the test log” on page 17).
SCSI error codes
Error code FRU/action
All SCSI Errors One or more of the following
might be causing the problem:
v A failing SCSI device
(adapter, drive, controller)
v An improper SCSI configuration or SCSI
termination jumper setting
v Duplicate SCSI IDs in the same SCSI chain
v A missing or improperly installed SCSI
terminator
v A defective SCSI terminator
v An improperly installed cable
v A defective cable
1. External SCSI devices must be turned on before you
turn on the computer.
2. Make sure that the cables for all external SCSI devices are
connected correctly.
3. If you have attached an external SCSI device to the
computer, make sure the external SCSI termination is set to
automatic.
4. Make sure that the last device in each SCSI chain is
terminated correctly.
5. Make sure that the SCSI devices are configured correctly.
104 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 115 ---
ServeRAID error codes
In the following error codes, x can be any number or letter.
Note: See “System replaceable units” on page 117 to determine which components should be replaced by a field
service technician.
Error code/symptom FRU/action
1xxx (Microcode checksum error)
1. ServeRAID controller
2xxx (Code DRAM error)
1. Install download jumpers, flash latest level BIOS and
firmware for controller. Remove jumpers.
2. ServeRAID controller.
3000-31xx(Code DRAM error)
1. Install download jumpers, flash latest level BIOS and
firmware for controller. Remove jumpers.
2. ServeRAID controller.
3200 (Code DRAM error)
1. Install download jumpers, flash latest level BIOS code
and firmware for controller. Remove jumpers.
2. ServeRAID controller.
3300 (ServeRAID-5i only)
1. Install ServeRAID-5i controller in an extended PCI
expansion slot. See the documentation that came with
the server for more information.
3E20 (ServeRAID-5i only)
1. Remove the ServeRAID-5i controller from its slot and
install it in the proper PCI option slot.
2. Verify that the ServeRAID-5i controller is supported in
this server.
3. ServeRAID-5i controller.
4. System board.
3E2x
1. Reseat the ServeRAID controller.
2. Flash latest level of BIOS code and firmware for
controller.
3. ServeRAID-5i controller.
4. Integrated RAID controller on serve).
4xxx thru 5xxx (Code DRAM error)
1. Install download jumpers, flash latest level BIOS code
and firmware for controller; then, remove jumpers.
2. ServeRAID controller.
6xxx (Cache DRAM error)
(ServeRAID-4H only)
1. Reseat daughter card.
2. Install download jumpers, flash latest level BIOS code
and firmware for controller; then, remove jumpers.
3. ServeRAID controller.
7xxx thru 8xxx (Host/local PCI bus interface error)
1. Flash latest level of BIOS code and firmware for
controller.
2. If ServeRAID-4x controller, replace controller.
3. If ServeRAID-5i controller, integrated RAID controller
on the computer.
Chapter 6. Symptom-to-FRU index 105

--- Page 116 ---
Note: See “System replaceable units” on page 117 to determine which components should be replaced by a field
service technician.
Error code/symptom FRU/action
9003
1. Flash latest level of BIOS code and firmware for
controller.
2. Confirm that this controller is a supported option for
this system.
3. ServeRAID controller.
4. Integrated RAID controller on the computer).
9xxx thru BZxx (SCSI bus error caused by cables,
termination, defective drives, etc.). Z refers to the specific
channel or channels that cause the error.
1. Follow indications at “POST (ISPR) error procedures”
on page 107. Follow those instructions before
continuing with the next steps listed in this index.
2. SCSI cable.
3. SCSI backplane.
4. Hard disk drive.
5. ServeRAID controller.
EFFE (Firmware code corrupt or download jumpers are in
place)
1. Flash latest level BIOS and firmware for controller;
then, remove jumpers.
2. ServeRAID controller.
FFFF or other code not listed
1. Follow indications at “POST (ISPR) error procedures”
on page 107.
2. SCSI cable.
3. SCSI backplane.
4. Hard disk drive.
5. ServeRAID controller.
106 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 117 ---
POST (ISPR) error procedures
Use the ISPR error procedures to help you solve ServeRAID problems. A complete
list of error codes is listed at “ServeRAID error codes” on page 105.
Note: Where the ISPR error procedures refer to a SCSI backplane, see the
chapter of this publication that concerns service replaceable units.
EF10 (Default ISPR)
1. No ISPR error present.
9Zxx through BZxx (SCSI bus error caused by cables, termination, defective
drives, or similar problem)
1. Isolate between SCSI subsystem and controller by disconnecting all SCSI
cables from suspect card, and restart.
Attention: Do not press F5. Doing so changes the computer configuration.
If an ISPR error is still present, perform the following actions until the error is no
longer present:
a. Reseat the controller
b. Replace the controller
Notes:
a. SCSI channel cable details, if any, appear elsewhere in this publication.
b. The adapter/controller detects a configuration change. Do not select Save
Changes. Instead, press F10 to bypass any options to this effect.
2. If ISPR error is EF10 after disconnecting cables:
a. Identify which channel is causing the error by the second digit (Z) of the
original ISPR code as indicated in the following table.
Note: ServeRAID-4H controllers have 4 channels; ServeRAID-4L and -4Lx
controllers have only one channel; and ServeRAID-4M and -4Mx
controllers have 2 channels. ServeRAID-5i and ServeRAID-6i
controllers have no channels. The ServeRAID-5i and ServeRAID-6i
use the channel connectors of the onboard integrated SCSI
controller.
Table 4. SCSI identifier
SCSI Channel Code (z) Descriptions
1 Channel 1
2 Channel 2
3 Channel 1 and 2
4 Channel 3
5 Channel 1 and 3
6 Channel 2 and 3
7 Channel 1, 2, and 3
8 Channel 4
9 Channel 1 and 4
A Channel 2 and 4
B Channel 1, 2, and 4
C Channel 3 and 4
Chapter 6. Symptom-to-FRU index 107

--- Page 118 ---
Table 4. SCSI identifier (continued)
SCSI Channel Code (z) Descriptions
D Channel 1, 3, and 4
E Channel 2, 3, and 4
F Channel 1, 2, 3, and 4
b. Confirm that the channels identified from the error in step 2a on page 107
are the cause of the error by verifying that the error presents itself only
when the offending channel is reconnected.
c. Check termination of identified channel.
Note: SCSI channel termination details, if any, appear elsewhere in this
publication.
d. Check for proper backplane jumper configuration.
Note: SCSI channel jumper details, if any, appear elsewhere in this
publication.
e. Check for proper cabling configuration in systems that use hard disk drive
status cables. Reconnect all cables removed in step 1 on page 107.
f. Disconnect one drive at a time attached to the channel identified in step 2a
on page 107; then, restart to determine which drive is causing the error.
g. Replace SCSI cable.
h. Replace SCSI backplane.
FFFF or other code not listed
1. Place download jumpers on the controller and try to flash the firmware code to
the card.
2. Isolate between SCSI subsystem and controller by disconnecting all SCSI
cables attached to the suspect card, and restart.
Attention: Do not press F5. Doing so changes the computer configuration.
If ISPR code is EF10 after disconnecting cables, follow these steps until the
error is eliminated:
a. Identify which channel is causing the error by reconnecting cables one at a
time and restarting until the error returns.
b. Check termination of identified channel in step 2a.
Note: SCSI channel termination details, if any, appear elsewhere in this
publication.
c. Disconnect one drive at a time attached to channel identified in step 2a and
restart each time to determine which drive is causing the problem.
d. Replace SCSI cable attached to channel identified in step 2a.
e. Replace backplane attached to channel identified in step 2a.
3. If original ISPR code is still present after disconnecting all SCSI cables and
restarting, perform the following actions until the error is no longer present:
v Reseat the controller
v Replace the controller
108 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 119 ---
Temperature error messages
Note: See “System replaceable units” on page 117 to determine which components should be replaced by a field
service technician.
Message Action
DASD Over Temperature
(level-critical; direct access storage device
bay x was over temperature)
v Ensure that the system is being properly cooled; see “System
reliability considerations” on page 23.
DASD Over recommended Temperature
(sensor x)
(level-warning; DASD bay x had over
temperature condition)
v Ensure that the system is being properly cooled; see “System
reliability considerations” on page 23.
DASD under recommended temperature
(sensor x) (level-warning; direct access
storage device bay x had under
temperature condition)
v Ambient temperature must be within normal operating
specifications; see “Features and specifications” on page 3.
DASD Over Temperature
(level-critical; sensor for DASD1 reported
temperature over recommended range)
v Ensure that the system is being properly cooled; see “System
reliability considerations” on page 23.
Power supply x Temperature Fault
(level-critical; power supply x had over
temperature condition)
1. Ensure system is being properly cooled; see “System reliability
considerations” on page 23.
2. Power supply x.
System board is over recommended
temperature
(level-warning; system board is over
recommended temperature)
1. Ensure system is being properly cooled; see “System reliability
considerations” on page 23.
2. System board.
System board is under recommended
temperature
(level-warning; system board is under
recommended temperature)
v Ambient temperature must be within normal operating
specifications; see “Features and specifications” on page 3.
System over temperature for CPU x
(level-warning; CPU x reporting over
temperature condition)
v Ensure system is being properly cooled; see “System reliability
considerations” on page 23.
System under recommended CPU x
temperature (level-warning; system
reporting under temperature condition for
CPU x)
v Ambient temperature must be within normal operating
specifications; see “Features and specifications” on page 3.
Fan error messages
Note: See “System replaceable units” on page 117 to determine which components should be replaced by a field
service technician.
Message Action
Fan x failure (level-critical; fan x had a
failure)
1. Check connections to fan x.
2. Replace fan x.
Fan x fault (level-critical; fan x beyond
recommended RPM range)
1. Check connections to fan x.
2. Replace fan x.
Fan x outside recommended speed
action
v Replace fan x.
Chapter 6. Symptom-to-FRU index 109

--- Page 120 ---
Power error messages
Note: See “System replaceable units” on page 117 to determine which components should be replaced by a field
service technician.
Message Action
Power supply x current share fault
(level-critical; excessive current demand on
power supply x)
v Replace power supply x.
Power supply x DC good fault
(level-critical; power good signal not detected
for power supply x)
v Replace power supply x.
Power supply x temperature fault
v Replace power supply x.
Power supply x removed
v No action required – information only.
Power supply x fan fault (level-critical; fan
fault in power supply x)
v Replace power supply x.
Power supply x 12 V fault (level-critical;
overcurrent condition detected)
v See “Power checkout” on page 22.
Power supply x 3.3 V fault (level-critical;
3.3 V power supply x had an error)
v See “Power checkout” on page 22.
Power supply x 5 V fault (level-critical; 5 V
power supply x had an error)
v See “Power checkout” on page 22.
System running non-redundant power
(level-noncritical; system does not have
redundant power)
1. Add another power supply.
2. Remove options from system.
3. System can continue to operate without redundancy protection if
steps1 and 2 are not followed.
System under recommended voltage for x
(level-warning; indicated voltage supply
under nominal value; value for x can be +12,
-12, or +5)
1. Check connections to the power subsystem.
2. Power supply.
3. Power cage assembly, if installed.
System shutdown
See the following tables when experiencing system shutdown related to voltage or
temperature problems.
Voltage-related system shutdown
Note: See “System replaceable units” on page 117 to determine which components should be replaced by a field
service technician.
Message Action
System shutoff due to x current over
max value (level-critical; system drawing
too much current on voltage x bus)
v See “Power checkout” on page 22.
System shutoff due to x V over voltage
(level-critical; system shutoff due to x
supply over voltage)
1. Check the power-supply connectors.
2. Power supply.
3. Power cage assembly, if installed.
110 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 121 ---
Note: See “System replaceable units” on page 117 to determine which components should be replaced by a field
service technician.
Message Action
System shutoff due to x V under voltage
(level-critical; system shutoff due to x
supply under voltage)
1. Check the power-supply connectors.
2. Power supply.
3. Power cage assembly, if installed.
System shutoff due to VRM x over
voltage
v Replace VRM x.
System shutoff due to excessive (< 240
VA) loading
1. See “Power checkout” on page 22.
2. Cycle ac on/off.
Temperature-related system shutdown
Note: See “System replaceable units” on page 117 to determine which components should be replaced by a field
service technician.
Message Action
System shutoff due to board over
temperature
(level-critical; board is over temperature)
1. Ensure that the system is being properly cooled; see “System
reliability considerations” on page 23.
2. Replace board.
System shutoff due to CPU x over
temperature (level-critical; CPU x is over
temperature)
1. Ensure that the system is being properly cooled; see “System
reliability considerations” on page 23.
2. Replace microprocessor x.
System shutoff due to CPU x under
temperature (level-critical; CPU x is under
temperature)
v Ambient temperature must be within normal operating
specifications; see “Features and specifications” on page 3.
System shutoff due to DASD temperature
(sensor x) (level-critical; DASD area
reported temperature outside recommended
operating range)
v Ensure that the system is being properly cooled; see “System
reliability considerations” on page 23.
System shutoff due to high ambient
temperature
(level-critical; high ambient temperature)
v Ambient temperature must be within normal operating
specifications; see “Features and specifications” on page 3.
System shutoff due to system board
under temperature
(level-critical; system board is under
temperature)
v Ambient temperature must be within normal operating
specifications; see “Features and specifications” on page 3.
Hard disk drive checkout
Note: See “System replaceable units” on page 117 to determine which components should be replaced by a field
service technician.
Message Action
Hard drive x removal detected
(level-critical; hard drive x has been
removed)
v Information only; take action as appropriate.
Chapter 6. Symptom-to-FRU index 111

--- Page 122 ---
Host built-in self test (BIST)
Note: See “System replaceable units” on page 117 to determine which components should be replaced by a field
service technician.
Message Action
Host fail
(level-informational; built-in self-test for the
host failed)
1. Reseat the microprocessor.
2. Replace the microprocessor.
Bus fault messages
Note: See “System replaceable units” on page 117 to determine which components should be replaced by a field
service technician.
Bus fault messages Message Action
Failure reading 12C device.
Check devices on bus 0.
1. If installed, reseat the I2C cable between RSA2 and the RSA2
connector on the system board.
2. DIMMs.
3. System board.
Failure reading 12C device.
Check devices on bus 1.
1. Reseat the I2C cable between the operator information panel
and system board.
2. Operator information panel.
3. System board.
Failure reading 12C device.
Check devices on bus 2.
1. Reseat the cable between system board and the power supply
(power cage assembly, if installed) (JPWR1, JPWR2).
2. Power cage assembly, if installed.
3. Power supply.
4. System board.
Failure reading 12C device.
Check devices on bus 3.
1. Reseat the cable between the SCSI backplane and connector
on system board.
2. SCSI backplane.
3. System board.
Failure reading I2C device.
Check device on bus 4.
v System board
112 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 123 ---
Undetermined problems
Use the information in this section if the diagnostic tests did not identify the failure,
the devices list is incorrect, or the system is inoperative.
Damaged data in CMOS memory or damaged BIOS code can cause undetermined
problems. To reset the CMOS data, use the CMOS recovery jumper to override the
power-on password and clear the CMOS memory; see “Erasing a lost or forgotten
password (clearing CMOS)” on page 20. If you suspect that the BIOS code is
damaged, see “Recovering from a POST/BIOS update failure” on page 19.
Check the LEDs on all the power supplies. If the LEDs indicate the power supplies
are working correctly, complete the following steps:
1. Turn off the computer.
2. Be sure the computer is cabled correctly.
3. Remove or disconnect the following devices (one at a time) until you find the
failure (turn on the computer and reconfigure each time):
v Any external devices
v Surge suppressor device (on the computer)
v Modem, printer, mouse, or non-IBM devices
v Each adapter
v Drives
v Memory modules (minimum requirement = 512 MB (2 banks of 256 MB
DIMMs))
Note: Minimum operating requirements are:
a. One power supply
b. Power cage assembly, if installed
c. System board
d. One microprocessor
e. Memory module (with a minimum of two 256 MB DIMMs)
4. Turn on the computer. If the problem remains, suspect the following FRUs in the
order listed:
v Power supply
v Power cage assembly, if installed
v System board
Notes:
1. If the problem goes away when you remove an adapter from the system and
replacing that adapter does not correct the problem, suspect the system board.
2. If you suspect a networking problem and all the system tests pass, suspect a
network cabling problem external to the system.
Chapter 6. Symptom-to-FRU index 113

--- Page 124 ---
Problem determination tips
Because of the variety of hardware and software combinations that can be
encountered, use the following information to assist you in problem determination. If
possible, have this information available when requesting assistance from Service
Support and Engineering functions.
v Machine type and model
v Microprocessor or hard disk upgrades
v Failure symptom
– Do diagnostics fail?
– What message appears in the diagnostics log?
– What, when, where, single, or multiple systems?
– Is the failure repeatable?
– Has this configuration ever worked?
– If it has been working, what changes were made prior to it failing?
– Is this the original reported failure?
v Diagnostics version
– Type and version level
v Hardware configuration
– Print (print screen) configuration currently in use
– BIOS level
v Operating system software
– Type and version level
Note: To eliminate confusion, identical systems are considered identical only if
they:
v Are the exact machine type and models
v Have the same BIOS level
v Have the same adapters/attachments in the same locations
v Have the same address jumpers/terminators/cabling
v Have the same software versions and levels
v Have the same diagnostics code (version)
v Have the same configuration options set in the system
v Have the same setup for the operation system control files
Comparing the configuration and software set-up between “working” and
“non-working” systems will often lead to problem resolution.
114 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 125 ---
Chapter 7. Parts listing Types 6223 and 6227
This parts listing supports the IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227. To check
for an updated parts listing on the Web, complete the following steps:
1. Go to http://www.ibm.com/support/
2. Under Search technical support, type 6223 or 6227 and click Search.
3. Under Document type, select Parts information and click Go.
© Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2009 115

--- Page 126 ---
System
The major components of the IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227 are shown
in the following illustration.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
116 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 127 ---
System replaceable units
Note:
v Field replaceable units (FRUs) must be serviced only by qualified field service
technicians.
v Customer replaceable units (CRUs) can be replaced by the customer. Tier 1
CRUs and Tier 2 CRUs are described in the IBM “Statement of Limited Warranty”
(at “Part3–Warranty Information”), which is in the Installation Guide.
Index
System IntelliStation Z Pro (Types 6223 and 6227)
CRU No.
(Tier 1)
CRU No.
(Tier 2)
FRU No.
1 Cover, side/top (all models) 13N2447
2 Chassis, staked (all models) 13N2443
3 Handle cap assembly 13N2996
4 Shield kit, 3.5" and 5.25" (all models) 13N2997
5 Card, IEEE 1394 (FireWire) (all models) 39Y9700
6
CD-ROM, 48x read/write (primary) (models 11x, 21x, 22x, 28x,
29x, B1x, B2x)
26K5376
6 CD-ROM, 48X read/write (optional) 71P7347
6 CD-ROM, 48X read/write (optional) 71P7349
6
CD-ROM, half-high combo (primary) (models 12x, 14x, 23x,
24x, 26x, 27x, 2T6, 31x, 3Bx, 41x, 42x, 43x, 4Bx, 5Bx, 51x,
52x, 53x, 5Gx, 64x, 68x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 72x, 73x, 75x, 76x,
78x, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Gx, 98x, B3x, B4x
39M0135
6
CD-ROM, half-high (alternate for 39M0135) (models 12x, 14x,
23x, 24x, 26x, 27x, 2T6, 31x, 3Bx, 41x, 42x, 43x, 4Bx, 5Bx,
51x, 52x, 53x, 5Gx, 64x, 68x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 72x, 73x, 75x,
76x, 78x, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Gx, 98x, B3x, B4x
26K5429
6
DVD, 48X combo (alternate for 39M0135) (models 12x, 14x,
23x, 24x, 26x, 27x, 2T6, 31x, 3Bx, 41x, 42x, 43x, 4Bx, 5Bx,
51x, 52x, 53x, 5Gx, 64x, 68x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 72x, 73x, 75x,
76x, 78x, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Gx, 98x, B3x, B4x)
26K5379
6 DVD, 48X combo (optional) 26K5381
6 CD-ROM, 48X (optional) 71P7375
6 CD-ROM, 48X (optional) 71P7385
6 CD-ROM, 16/48X (optional) 26K5435
6
CD-ROM, 48X half high, read/write (models 11x, 21x, 22x, 28x,
29x, B1x, B2x, 11x)
26K5449
6 DVD, half high () 39M3515
6
CD-ROM, 48X half high, read/write (models 10x, 3Gx, 6Gx,
98x, 99x, A0x)
39M3511
6
CD-ROM, 48X half high (primary) (models 10x, 3Gx, 6Gx, 98x,
99x, A0x)
42C0953
6
CD-ROM, 48X half high (alternate for 42C0953) (models 10x,
3Gx, 6Gx, 98x, 99x, A0x)
39M3509
7 Bezel, front (all models) 13N2445
8 Pivoting duct/fan assembly, DASD cage (all models) 13N2995
9
Fan assembly, 92X38 (all models except 3Bx, 4Bx, 5Bx, 5Cx,
6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx)
13N2967
Chapter 7. Parts listing Types 6223 and 6227 117

--- Page 128 ---
Index
System IntelliStation Z Pro (Types 6223 and 6227)
CRU No.
(Tier 1)
CRU No.
(Tier 2)
FRU No.
9
Fan assembly, 92X38 (models 3Bx, 4Bx, 5Bx, 5Cx, 6Bx, 6Cx,
6Dx, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx)
39Y9788
10
Hard disk drive, 80GB (models 10x, 11x, 12x, 21x, 23x, 31x,
41x, 43x, 51x, 53x, 72x, 73x, 75x, 98x, A0x, B1x, B3x)
71P7293
10
Hard disk drive, 73.4GB SCSI 10K RPM model 14x, 22x, 24x,
26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 42x, 52x, 64x, 68x, 76x, 78x, B2x, B4x)
24P3706
10 Hard disk drive, 36.4GB SCSI 10K RPM (model 99x) 24P3704
10 Hard disk drive, 36.4GB 15K NHS (model CTO) 39R7326
10
Hard disk drive, 160GB SCSI 10K RPM (models 3Bx, 4Bx,
5Bx, 5Gx, 6Bx, 7Bx, 7Gx)
39M4507
10 Hard disk drive, 160GB SATA (models AC1, MC1, CTO) 40K6871
10 Hard disk drive, 146.8 SCSI 10K RPM (optional) 24P3708
10 Hard disk drive, 36.4GB SCSI 15K RPM (optional) 24P3725
10 Hard disk drive, 73GB (model 7Dx) 39R7328
10 Hard disk drive, 73GB 15K NHS (models 5Cx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 7Cx) 39R7320
10 Hard disk drive, 73.4GB SCSI 15K RPM (optional) 24P3727
10 Hard disk drive, 146GB 15K NHS (model CTO) 39R7322
10 Hard disk drive, 146GB 15K NHS (models AC1, MC1, CTO) 39R7330
10 Hard disk drive, 146GB 10K NHS (model CTO) 39R7324
11
Fan assembly, 80X38, S/R (models 12x, 26x, 27x, 31x, 41x,
42x, 43x, 51x, 52x, 53x, 64x, 68x, 72x, 76x, 78x)
25R8830
11
Fan assembly, 80X38, S/R (models 3Bx, 4Bx, 5Bx, 5Cx, 6Bx,
6Cx, 6Dx, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx)
39Y9786
11
Fan assembly, 80X38, S/R (models 3Bx, 4Bx, 5Bx, 5Cx, 6Bx,
6Cx, 6Dx, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx)
39Y9787
11
Fan assembly, 80X38, S/R (all models except 12x, 26x, 27x,
31x, 41x, 42x, 43x, 51x, 52x, 53x, 64x, 68x, 72x, 76x, 78x)
13N2966
12 Air duct, microprocessor (all models) 13N2448
13
Dummy heat sink assembly (models 01x, 10x, 11x, 12x, 21x,
22x, 23x, 24x, 28x, 26x, 27x, 29x, 31x, 41x, 42x, 43x, 51x, 52x,
53x, 64x, 68x, 72x, 75x, 76x, 78x, 75x, 98x, 99x, B1x, B2x,
B3x, A0x)
26K6065
13
Dummy heat sink assembly (models 3Bx, 4Bx, 5Bx, 6Bx, 6Cx,
6Dx, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx)
40K6482
14
Microprocessor, 800/3.4MHz 1MB (models 10x, 11x, 12x, 14x,
98x, 99x, A0x)
90P1227
14
Microprocessor, 800/3.6MHz-1M (models 21x, 22x, 23x, 24x,
26x, 27x, 28x, 29x, 2T6, B1x, B2x, B3x, B4x)
90P1229
14 Microprocessor, 800/3.0MHz-2M (models 31x, 3Bx) 13M8293
14 Microprocessor, 800/3.2MHz-2M (models 41x, 42x, 43x, 4Bx) 13M8294
14
Microprocessor, 800/3.4MHz-2M (models 51x, 52x, 53x, 5Bx,
5Cx)
13M8295
14 Microprocessor, 800/3.6MHz-2M (models 64x, 68x, 6Bx, 6Cx) 13M8296
14
Microprocessor, 800/3.8MHz-2M (models 72x, 73x, 75x, 76x,
78x)
39R7571
118 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 129 ---
Index
System IntelliStation Z Pro (Types 6223 and 6227)
CRU No.
(Tier 1)
CRU No.
(Tier 2)
FRU No.
15
Heat sink (models 01x, 11x, 12x, 21x, 31x, 41x, 43x, 51x, 53x,
72x, 75x, 98x, 99x, A0x, B1x, B2x, B3x)
13N1625
15
Heat sink (models 12x, 26x, 27x, 31x, 41x, 42x, 43x, 51x, 52x,
53x, 64x, 68x, 72x, 76x, 78x)
25R8832
16 Tool-less retention module assembly, left (all models) 26K6146
16 Tool-less retention module assembly, right (all models) 26K6147
17 Memory, 256MB ECC DDR II 400 (models 10x, 98x, 99x, A0x) 90P1123
17
Memory, 1GB ECC DDR II 400 (models 27x, 43x, 51x, 53x,
64x, 68x, 72x, 73x, 75x, 76x, 78x)
73P2870
17
Memory DIMM, 512MB PC2-3200 DIMM (models 21x, 22x,
23x, 24x, 28x, 29x, 11x, 14x, 12x, 26x, 31x, 41x, 42x, 52x,
3Gx, 6Gx, B1x, B2x, B3x ,B4x)
13N1424
17 Memory DIMM, 512MB PC2-3200 (model 3Bx) 39M5817
17
Memory DIMM, 1GB PC2-3200 (models 27x, 43x, 4Bx, 51x,
53x, 5Bx, 5Cx, 5Gx, 64x, 68x, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 72x, 73x, 72x,
73x, 75x, 76x, 78x, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 7Gx)
39M5808
17 Memory DIMM, 1GB PC2-3200 (models AC1, MC1, CTO) 39M5811
17 Memory 4GB PC2-3200 (optional) 41Y2815
18 System board and tray assembly (all models) 26K8598
18
System board and tray assembly (models 3Bx, 4Bx, 5Bx, 5Cx,
6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx)
39Y8575
19 Card guide assembly (all models) 13N2993
20 Card, 3DLabs Realizm 800 (models 27x, 52x, 68x, 78x) 73P9640
20
Card, NVIDIA PCI (models 10x, 11x, 31x, 41x, 75x, 98x, 99x,
A0x)
90P1057
20 Card, NVIDIA Q FX1300 (models 21x, 22x, 28x, B1x, B2x) 90P1058
20 Card, NVIDIA Q FX1400 (models 12x, 42x, 43x, 51x, 53x, 72x) 73P9636
20 Card, NVIDIA Q FX3400 (models 14x, 23x, 24x, 29x, B3x, B4x) 90P1175
20 Card, NVIDIA Q FX 4400 (model 2T6) 13M8405
20 Card, FX 1400 Nvidia (models 3Bx, 5Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx) 13M8415
20 Card, FX 4500 Nvidia (model 7Dx) 13M8429
20 Card, NVS, 285 (models 4Bx, 6Bx) 13M8433
20 Card, FX 3500 Video (models 5Bx, 7Bx, 7Cx) 13M8457
21 Control panel, power/LED (all models) 39Y9792
21 Control panel, power/LED (all models) 39Y9792
22
Power supply, 530 watt (models 12x, 26x, 27x, 31x, 41x, 42x,
43x, 51x, 52x, 53x, 64x, 68x, 72x, 76x, 78x)
24R2670
22
Power supply, 530 watt (all models except 12x, 26x, 27x, 31x,
41x, 42x, 43x, 51x, 52x, 53x, 64x, 68x, 72x, 76x, 78x)
24R2660
22
Power supply, 530 watt (all models except 01x, 10x, 11x, 12x,
21x, 22x, 23x, 24x, 28x, 26x, 27x, 29x, 31x, 41x, 42x, 43x, 51x,
52x, 53x, 64x, 68x, 72x, 75x, 76x, 78x, 98x, 99x, A0x, B1x,
B2x, B3x)
39Y7279
22
Power supply, 530 watt (models 3Bx, 4Bx, 5Bx, 5Cx, 6Bx, 6Cx,
6Dx, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx)
39Y7277
Chapter 7. Parts listing Types 6223 and 6227 119

--- Page 130 ---
Index
System IntelliStation Z Pro (Types 6223 and 6227)
CRU No.
(Tier 1)
CRU No.
(Tier 2)
FRU No.
Access panel assembly, pivoting with latch and lock (raven
black) (all models)
13N2444
Baffle, air (models 12x, 26xm 27x, 31x, 41x, 42x, 43x, 51x,
52x, 53x, 64x, 68x, 72x, 76x, 78x)
25R8833
Battery, 3 volt (all models) 33F8354
C2 switch with cable (all models) 09K9827
C2 switch with cable (models 3Bx, 4Bx, 5Bx, 5Cx, 6Bx, 6Cx,
6Dx, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx)
39Y9783
Cable, diskette drive (all models) 39Y9728
Cable, DVI pigtail (optional) 73P9600
Cable, IDE (all models) 13N2466
Cable, audio (all models) 13N2999
Cable, audio (models 3Bx, 4Bx, 5Bx, 5Cx, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx, 7Bx,
7Cx, 7Dx)
39Y9789
Cable, dual VGA (models 10x, 11x, 31x, 41x, 75x, 4Bx, 6Bx,
5Gx, 7Gx, 98x, 99x, A0x)
25R9045
Cable, DVI (models AC1, MC1, CTO) 25R9048
Cable, USB 2.0 (all models) 26K6096
Cable, USB 2.0 (models 3Bx, 4Bx, 5Bx, 5Cx, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx,
7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx)
39Y9790
Cable, FireWire (all models) 26K7302
Cable, FireWire (models 3Bx, 4Bx, 5Bx, 5Cx, 6Bx, 6Cx, 6Dx,
7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx)
39Y9791
Cable, SCSI, U320, 4 drop (models 14x, 22x, 24x, 28x, 29x,
26x, 27x, 2T6, 42x, 52x, 5Cx, 64x, 68x, 6Cx, 76x, 78x, 7Cx,
7Dx, 99x, B2x, B4x)
39Y9785
Cable, SCSI, U320, 4 drop (models 14x, 22x, 24x, 26x, ,27x,
28x, 29x, 2T6, 42x, 52x, 5Cx, 64x, 68x, 6Cx, 7Cx, 7Dx, 76x,
78x, 99x, B2x, B4x)
39Y9785
Cable, SATA (models 11x, 12x, 21x, 23x, 10x, 31x, 41x, 43x,
51x, 53x, 5Gx, 3Bx, 4Bx, 5Bx, 6Bx, 72x, 73x, 75x, 7Bx, 7Gx,
98x, B1x, B3x, CBx, DBx, FBx, JBx, KBx)
39Y9810
Card, ATI FireGL V7100 (models 26x, 64x, 73x, 76x) 13M8400
Dongle (all models except 10x, 11x, 98x, 99x, A0x) 25R9043
Diskette drive (all models) 39M0101
FRU kit, bezel blanks (all models) 13N2450
FRU kit, feet (all models) 13N2985
Hardware kit, miscellaneous items (all models) 39Y9773
Hardware kit, miscellaneous items (all models) 09N5764
I/O card retainer (all models) 13N2994
Keylock, alike (models AC1, MC1, CTO) 26K7363
Keylock, random (all models) 26K7364
Line cord (all models except 01x, 10x, 11x, 12x, 21x, 22x, 23x,
24x, 28x, 26x, 27x, 29x, 31x, 41x, 42x, 43x, 51x, 52x, 53x, 64x,
68x, 72x, 75x, 76x, 78x, 98x, 99x, A0x, B1x, B2x, B3x)
39M5095
120 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 131 ---
Index
System IntelliStation Z Pro (Types 6223 and 6227)
CRU No.
(Tier 1)
CRU No.
(Tier 2)
FRU No.
Mouse (all models) 39Y9876
Pivoting DASD cage assembly (all models) 26K7303
Power button shield (all models) 71P8467
Power supply VRM, 2U/105A (models 27x, 29x, 43x, 52x, 53x,
64x, 68x, 76x, 78x)
24R2702
Power supply VRM, 2U/105A (models 5Cx, 6Dx, 7Dx) 39Y7260
Power cord, see “Power cords (CRUs)” on page 122. 93F2364
Retainer (all models) 13N2449
Speaker assembly (all models) 19K4929
Speaker assembly (models 3Bx, 4Bx, 5Bx, 5Cx, 6Bx, 6Cx,
6Dx, 7Bx, 7Cx, 7Dx)
39Y9720
Service label (all models) 26K7304
Tool-less DASD tray assembly with dampening pads (all
models)
26K7320
Recovery CD (Windows XP)
Recovery CD CRU No.
English, Windows XPP 32 bit (EN) 42D2388
French, Windows XPP 32 bit (EN) 42D2389
German, Windows XPP 32 bit (GE) 42D2390
Italian, Windows XPP 32 bit (IT) 42D2391
Spanish, Windows XPP 32 bit (SP) 42D2392
Norwegian, Windows XPP 32 bit (NO) 42D2395
Dutch, Windows XPP 32 bit (NL) 42D2394
Danish, Windows XPP 32 bit (DK) 42D2393
Swedish, Windows XPP 32 bit (SV) 42D2396
Finnish, Windows XPP 32 bit (FI) 42D2397
Korean, Windows XPP 32 bit (KR) 42D2399
Japanese, Windows XPP 32 bit (JP) 42D2398
Chinese, Windows XPP 32 bit (CS) 42D2400
Chinese, Hong Kong, Windows XPP 32 bit (HK) 42D2401
Chinese, Traditional, Windows XPP 32 bit (CT) 42D2402
Keyboards (CRUs)
Keyboard CRU No.
US English 39M6989
Arabic (523) 39M6990
Arabic/French (462) 39M6991
Belgium/French (120) 39M6992
Belgium/UK (120) 39M6993
Brazil/Portuguese (275) 39M6994
Bulgarian (442) 39M6995
Chinese/US (467) 39M6996
Czech ABB 39M6997
Danish (159) 39M6998
Chapter 7. Parts listing Types 6223 and 6227 121

--- Page 132 ---
Keyboard CRU No.
Dutch (143) 39M6999
French (189) 39M7000
French Canadian (445) 39M7001
French Canadian (058) 39M7002
German (129) 39M7003
Greek (319) 39M7004
Hebrew (212) 39M7005
Hungarian (208) 39M7006
Iceland (197) 39M7007
Italy (141) 39M7008
Italy (142) 39M7009
Japanese (194) 39M7010
Korean (413) 39M7011
LA Spanish (171) 39M7012
Norwegian (155) 39M7013
Polish (214) 39M7014
Portuguese (163 39M7015
Romanian (96) 39M7016
Russian (443) 39M7017
Russian/Cyrillic (441) 39M7018
Serbian/Cyrillic (118) 39M7019
Slavic (245) 39M7020
Slovenian (234) 39M7029
Spanish (172) 39M7021
Swedish/Finn (153) 39M7022
Swiss, French/German (150) 39M7023
Thailand (191) 39M7024
Turkish (440) 39M7025
Turkish (179) 39M7026
UK English (166) 39M7027
US English-EMEA (103p) 39M7028
Power cords (CRUs)
For your safety, IBM provides a power cord with a grounded attachment plug to use
with this IBM product. To avoid electrical shock, always use the power cord and
plug with a properly grounded outlet.
IBM power cords used in the United States and Canada are listed by Underwriter's
Laboratories (UL) and certified by the Canadian Standards Association (CSA).
For units intended to be operated at 115 volts: Use a UL-listed and CSA-certified
cord set consisting of a minimum 18 AWG, Type SVT or SJT, three-conductor cord,
a maximum of 15 feet in length and a parallel blade, grounding-type attachment
plug rated 15 amperes, 125 volts.
For units intended to be operated at 230 volts (U.S. use): Use a UL-listed and
CSA-certified cord set consisting of a minimum 18 AWG, Type SVT or SJT,
three-conductor cord, a maximum of 15 feet in length and a tandem blade,
grounding-type attachment plug rated 15 amperes, 250 volts.
For units intended to be operated at 230 volts (outside the U.S.): Use a cord set
with a grounding-type attachment plug. The cord set should have the appropriate
safety approvals for the country in which the equipment will be installed.
122 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 133 ---
IBM power cords for a specific country or region are usually available only in that
country or region.
IBM power cord part
number Used in these countries and regions
02K0546 China
13F9940 Australia, Fiji, Kiribati, Nauru, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea
13F9979 Afghanistan, Albania, Algeria, Andorra, Angola, Armenia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Belarus,
Belgium, Benin, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cambodia,
Cameroon, Cape Verde, Central African Republic, Chad, Comoros, Congo (Democratic
Republic of), Congo (Republic of), Cote D’Ivoire (Ivory Coast), Croatia (Republic of), Czech
Republic, Dahomey, Djibouti, Egypt, Equatorial Guinea, Eritrea, Estonia, Ethiopia, Finland,
France, French Guyana, French Polynesia, Germany, Greece, Guadeloupe, Guinea,
Guinea Bissau, Hungary, Iceland, Indonesia, Iran, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Laos (People’s
Democratic Republic of), Latvia, Lebanon, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macedonia (former
Yugoslav Republic of), Madagascar, Mali, Martinique, Mauritania, Mauritius, Mayotte,
Moldova (Republic of), Monaco, Mongolia, Morocco, Mozambique, Netherlands, New
Caledonia, Niger, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Reunion, Romania, Russian Federation,
Rwanda, Sao Tome and Principe, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia
(Republic of), Somalia, Spain, Suriname, Sweden, Syrian Arab Republic, Tajikistan, Tahiti,
Togo, Tunisia, Turkey, Turkmenistan, Ukraine, Upper Volta, Uzbekistan, Vanuatu, Vietnam,
Wallis and Futuna, Yugoslavia (Federal Republic of), Zaire
13F9997 Denmark
14F0015 Bangladesh, Lesotho, Maceo, Maldives, Namibia, Nepal, Pakistan, Samoa, South Africa,
Sri Lanka, Swaziland, Uganda
14F0033 Abu Dhabi, Bahrain, Botswana, Brunei Darussalam, Channel Islands, China (Hong Kong
S.A.R.), Cyprus, Dominica, Gambia, Ghana, Grenada, Iraq, Ireland, Jordan, Kenya, Kuwait,
Liberia, Malawi, Malaysia, Malta, Myanmar (Burma), Nigeria, Oman, Polynesia, Qatar, Saint
Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Seychelles, Sierra Leone,
Singapore, Sudan, Tanzania (United Republic of), Trinidad and Tobago, United Arab
Emirates (Dubai), United Kingdom, Yemen, Zambia, Zimbabwe
14F0051 Liechtenstein, Switzerland
14F0069 Chile, Italy, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
14F0087 Israel
1838574 Antigua and Barbuda, Aruba, Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Bermuda, Bolivia, Brazil, Caicos
Islands, Canada, Cayman Islands, Costa Rica, Colombia, Cuba, Dominican Republic,
Ecuador, El Salvador, Guam, Guatemala, Haiti, Honduras, Jamaica, Japan, Mexico,
Micronesia (Federal States of), Netherlands Antilles, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru, Philippines,
Taiwan, United States of America, Venezuela
24P6858 Korea (Democratic People’s Republic of), Korea (Republic of)
34G0232 Japan
36L8880 Argentina, Paraguay, Uruguay
49P2078 India
49P2110 Brazil
93F2364 Antigua and Barbuda, Aruba, Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Bermuda, Bolivia, Caicos
Islands, Canada, Cayman Islands, Colombia, Costa Rica, Cuba, Dominican Republic,
Ecuador, El Salvador, Guam, Guatemala, Haiti, Honduras, Jamaica, Mexico, Micronesia
(Federal States of), Netherlands Antilles, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru, Philippines, Saudi
Arabia, Thailand, Taiwan, United States of America, Venezuela
Chapter 7. Parts listing Types 6223 and 6227 123

--- Page 134 ---
124 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 135 ---
Appendix A. Getting help and technical assistance
If you need help, service, or technical assistance or just want more information
about IBM products, you will find a wide variety of sources available from IBM to
assist you. This appendix contains information about where to go for additional
information about IBM and IBM products, what to do if you experience a problem
with your xSeries or IntelliStation system, and whom to call for service, if it is
necessary.
Before you call
Before you call, make sure that you have taken these steps to try to solve the
problem yourself:
v Check all cables to make sure that they are connected.
v Check the power switches to make sure that the system is turned on.
v Use the troubleshooting information in your system documentation, and use the
diagnostic tools that come with your system. Information about diagnostic tools is
in the Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide on the IBM
xSeries Documentation CD or in the IntelliStation Hardware Maintenance Manual
at the IBM Support Web site.
v Go to the IBM Support Web site at http://www.ibm.com/support to check for
technical information, hints, tips, and new device drivers or to submit a request
for information.
You can solve many problems without outside assistance by following the
troubleshooting procedures that IBM provides in the online help or in the
publications that are provided with your system and software. The information that
comes with your system also describes the diagnostic tests that you can perform.
Most xSeries and IntelliStation systems, operating systems, and programs come
with information that contains troubleshooting procedures and explanations of error
messages and error codes. If you suspect a software problem, see the information
for the operating system or program.
Using the documentation
Information about your IBM xSeries or IntelliStation system and preinstalled
software, if any, is available in the documentation that comes with your system.
That documentation includes printed books, online books, README files, and help
files. See the troubleshooting information in your system documentation for
instructions for using the diagnostic programs. The troubleshooting information or
the diagnostic programs might tell you that you need additional or updated device
drivers or other software. IBM maintains pages on the World Wide Web where you
can get the latest technical information and download device drivers and updates.
To access these pages, go to http://www.ibm.com/support and follow the
instructions. Also, you can order publications through the IBM Publications Ordering
System at http://www.elink.ibmlink.ibm.com/public/applications/publications/cgibin/
pbi.cgi.
© Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2009 125

--- Page 136 ---
Getting help and information from the World Wide Web
On the World Wide Web, the IBM Web site has up-to-date information about IBM
xSeries and IntelliStation products, services, and support. The address for IBM
xSeries information is http://www.ibm.com/eserver/xseries/. The address for IBM
IntelliStation information is http://www.ibm.com/pc/intellistation/.
You can find service information for your IBM products, including supported options,
athttp://www.ibm.com/support.
Software service and support
Through IBM Support Line, you can get telephone assistance, for a fee, with usage,
configuration, and software problems with xSeries servers, IntelliStation
workstations, and appliances. For information about which products are supported
by Support Line in your country or region, go to http://www.ibm.com/services/sl/
products/.
For more information about Support Line and other IBM services, go to
http://www.ibm.com/services/, or go to http://www.ibm.com/planetwide/ for support
telephone numbers. In the U.S. and Canada, call 1-800-IBM-SERV
(1-800-426-7378).
Hardware service and support
You can receive hardware service through IBM Integrated Technology Services or
through your IBM reseller, if your reseller is authorized by IBM to provide warranty
service. Go to http://www.ibm.com/planetwide/ for support telephone numbers, or in
the U.S. and Canada, call 1-800-IBM-SERV (1-800-426-7378).
In the U.S. and Canada, hardware service and support is available 24 hours a day,
7 days a week. In the U.K., these services are available Monday through Friday,
from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m.
126 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 137 ---
Appendix B. Safety information
Note: The service procedures are designed to help you isolate problems. They are
written with the assumption that you have model-specific training on all
computers, or that are familiar with the computers, functions, terminology,
and service information provided in this manual.
The following section contains the safety information that you need to be familiar
with before servicing an IBM computer.
General safety
Follow these rules to ensure general safety:
v Observe good housekeeping in the area of the machines during and after
maintenance.
v When lifting any heavy object:
1. Ensure you can stand safely without slipping.
2. Distribute the weight of the object equally between your feet.
3. Use a slow lifting force. Never move suddenly or twist when you attempt to
lift.
4. Lift by standing or by pushing up with your leg muscles; this action removes
the strain from the muscles in your back. Do not attempt to lift any objects
that weigh more than 16 kg (35 lb) or objects that you think are too heavy for
you.
v Do not perform any action that causes hazards to the customer, or that makes
the equipment unsafe.
v Before you start the machine, ensure that other service representatives and the
customer's personnel are not in a hazardous position.
v Place removed covers and other parts in a safe place, away from all personnel,
while you are servicing the machine.
v Keep your tool case away from walk areas so that other people will not trip over
it.
v Do not wear loose clothing that can be trapped in the moving parts of a machine.
Ensure that your sleeves are fastened or rolled up above your elbows. If your
hair is long, fasten it.
v Insert the ends of your necktie or scarf inside clothing or fasten it with a
nonconductive clip, approximately 8 centimeters (3 inches) from the end.
v Do not wear jewelry, chains, metal-frame eyeglasses, or metal fasteners for your
clothing.
Remember: Metal objects are good electrical conductors.
v Wear safety glasses when you are: hammering, drilling soldering, cutting wire,
attaching springs, using solvents, or working in any other conditions that might be
hazardous to your eyes.
v After service, reinstall all safety shields, guards, labels, and ground wires.
Replace any safety device that is worn or defective.
v Reinstall all covers correctly before returning the machine to the customer.
© Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2009 127

--- Page 138 ---
Electrical safety
CAUTION:
Electrical current from power, telephone, and communication cables can be
hazardous. To avoid personal injury or equipment damage, disconnect the
attached power cords, telecommunication systems, networks, and modems
before you open the server covers, unless instructed otherwise in the
installation and configuration procedures.
Observe the following rules when working on electrical equipment.
Important: Use only approved tools and test equipment. Some hand tools have
handles covered with a soft material that does not insulate you when
working with live electrical currents.
Many customers have, near their equipment, rubber floor mats that
contain small conductive fibers to decrease electrostatic discharges. Do
not use this type of mat to protect yourself from electrical shock.
v Find the room emergency power-off (EPO) switch, disconnecting switch, or
electrical outlet. If an electrical accident occurs, you can then operate the switch
or unplug the power cord quickly.
v Do not work alone under hazardous conditions or near equipment that has
hazardous voltages.
v Disconnect all power before:
– Performing a mechanical inspection
– Working near power supplies
– Removing or installing main units
v Before you start to work on the machine, unplug the power cord. If you cannot
unplug it, ask the customer to power-off the wall box that supplies power to the
machine and to lock the wall box in the off position.
v If you need to work on a machine that has exposed electrical circuits, observe
the following precautions:
– Ensure that another person, familiar with the power-off controls, is near you.
Remember: Another person must be there to switch off the power, if
necessary.
– Use only one hand when working with powered-on electrical equipment; keep
the other hand in your pocket or behind your back.
Remember: There must be a complete circuit to cause electrical shock. By
observing the above rule, you may prevent a current from passing through
your body.
– When using testers, set the controls correctly and use the approved probe
leads and accessories for that tester.
– Stand on suitable rubber mats (obtained locally, if necessary) to insulate you
from grounds such as metal floor strips and machine frames.
Observe the special safety precautions when you work with very high voltages;
these instructions are in the safety sections of maintenance information. Use
extreme care when measuring high voltages.
v Regularly inspect and maintain your electrical hand tools for safe operational
condition.
128 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 139 ---
v Do not use worn or broken tools and testers.
v Never assume that power has been disconnected from a circuit. First, check that
it has been powered-off.
v Always look carefully for possible hazards in your work area. Examples of these
hazards are moist floors, nongrounded power extension cables, power surges,
and missing safety grounds.
v Do not touch live electrical circuits with the reflective surface of a plastic dental
mirror. The surface is conductive; such touching can cause personal injury and
machine damage.
v Do not service the following parts with the power on when they are removed from
their normal operating places in a machine:
– Power supply units
– Pumps
– Blowers and fans
– Motor generators
and similar units. (This practice ensures correct grounding of the units.)
v If an electrical accident occurs:
– Use caution; do not become a victim yourself.
– Switch off power.
– Send another person to get medical aid.
Safety inspection guide
The intent of this inspection guide is to assist you in identifying potentially unsafe
conditions on these products. Each machine, as it was designed and built, had
required safety items installed to protect users and service personnel from injury.
This guide addresses only those items. However, good judgment should be used to
identify potential safety hazards due to attachment of non-IBM features or options
not covered by this inspection guide.
If any unsafe conditions are present, you must determine how serious the apparent
hazard could be and whether you can continue without first correcting the problem.
Consider these conditions and the safety hazards they present:
v Electrical hazards, especially primary power (primary voltage on the frame can
cause serious or fatal electrical shock).
v Explosive hazards, such as a damaged CRT face or bulging capacitor
v Mechanical hazards, such as loose or missing hardware
The guide consists of a series of steps presented in a checklist. Begin the checks
with the power off, and the power cord disconnected.
Checklist:
1. Check exterior covers for damage (loose, broken, or sharp edges).
2. Turn off the computer. Disconnect the power cord.
3. Check the power cord for:
a. A third-wire ground connector in good condition. Use a meter to measure
third-wire ground continuity for 0.1 ohm or less between the external ground
pin and frame ground.
b. The power cord should be the appropriate type as specified in the parts
listings.
c. Insulation must not be frayed or worn.
4. Remove the cover.
Appendix B. Safety information 129

--- Page 140 ---
5. Check for any obvious non-IBM alterations. Use good judgment as to the safety
of any non-IBM alterations.
6. Check inside the unit for any obvious unsafe conditions, such as metal filings,
contamination, water or other liquids, or signs of fire or smoke damage.
7. Check for worn, frayed, or pinched cables.
8. Check that the power-supply cover fasteners (screws or rivets) have not been
removed or tampered with.
Handling electrostatic discharge-sensitive devices
Any computer part containing transistors or integrated circuits (ICs) should be
considered sensitive to electrostatic discharge (ESD). ESD damage can occur when
there is a difference in charge between objects. Protect against ESD damage by
equalizing the charge so that the server, the part, the work mat, and the person
handling the part are all at the same charge.
Notes:
1. Use product-specific ESD procedures when they exceed the requirements noted
here.
2. Make sure that the ESD-protective devices you use have been certified (ISO
9000) as fully effective.
When handling ESD-sensitive parts:
v Keep the parts in protective packages until they are inserted into the product.
v Avoid contact with other people.
v Wear a grounded wrist strap against your skin to eliminate static on your body.
v Prevent the part from touching your clothing. Most clothing is insulative and
retains a charge even when you are wearing a wrist strap.
v Use the black side of a grounded work mat to provide a static-free work surface.
The mat is especially useful when handling ESD-sensitive devices.
v Select a grounding system, such as those in the following list, to provide
protection that meets the specific service requirement.
Note: The use of a grounding system is desirable but not required to protect
against ESD damage.
– Attach the ESD ground clip to any frame ground, ground braid, or green-wire
ground.
– Use an ESD common ground or reference point when working on a
double-insulated or battery-operated system. You can use coax or
connector-outside shells on these systems.
– Use the round ground-prong of the ac plug on ac-operated computers.
Grounding requirements
Electrical grounding of the computer is required for operator safety and correct
system function. Proper grounding of the electrical outlet can be verified by a
certified electrician.
130 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 141 ---
Safety notices (multilingual translations)
The caution and danger safety notices in this section are provided in the following
languages:
v English
v Brazilian/Portuguese
v Chinese
v French
v German
v Italian
v Japanese
v Korean
v Spanish
Important: All caution and danger statements in this IBM documentation begin with
a number. This number is used to cross reference an English caution or
danger statement with translated versions of the caution or danger
statement in this section.
For example, if a caution statement begins with a number 1,
translations for that caution statement appear in this section under
statement 1.
Be sure to read all caution and danger statements before performing
any of the instructions.
Statement 1
DANGER
Electrical current from power, telephone and communication cables is hazardous.
To avoid a shock hazard:
v Do not connect or disconnect any cables or perform installation, maintenance, or
reconfiguration of this product during an electrical storm.
v Connect all power cords to a properly wired and grounded electrical outlet.
v Connect to properly wired outlets any equipment that will be attached to this
product.
v When possible, use one hand only to connect or disconnect signal cables.
v Never turn on any equipment when there is evidence of fire, water, or structural
damage.
v Disconnect the attached power cords, telecommunications systems, networks, and
modems before you open the device covers, unless instructed otherwise in the
installation and configuration procedures.
v Connect and disconnect cables as described in the following table when installing,
moving, or opening covers on this product or attached devices.
To Connect To Disconnect
1. Turn everything OFF.
2. First, attach all cables to devices.
3. Attach signal cables to connectors.
4. Attach power cords to outlet.
5. Turn device ON.
1. Turn everything OFF.
2. First, remove power cords from outlet.
3. Remove signal cables from connectors.
4. Remove all cables from devices.
Appendix B. Safety information 131

--- Page 142 ---
Statement 2
CAUTION:
When replacing the lithium battery, use only IBM Part Number 33F8354 or an
equivalent type battery recommended by the manufacturer. If your system has a
module containing a lithium battery, replace it only with the same module type made
by the same manufacturer. The battery contains lithium and can explode if not
properly used, handled, or disposed of.
Do not:
v Throw or immerse into water
v Heat to more than 100°C (212°F)
v Repair or disassemble
Dispose of the battery as required by local ordinances or regulations.
Statement 3
CAUTION:
When laser products (such as CD-ROMs, DVD-ROM drives, fiber optic devices, or
transmitters) are installed, note the following:
v Do not remove the covers. Removing the covers of the laser product could result in
exposure to hazardous laser radiation. There are no serviceable parts inside the
device.
v Use of controls or adjustments or performance of procedures other than those
specified herein might result in hazardous radiation exposure.
DANGER
Some laser products contain an embedded Class 3A or Class 3B laser diode. Note
the following:
Laser radiation when open. Do not stare into the beam, do not view directly with
optical instruments, and avoid direct exposure to the beam.
132 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 143 ---
Statement 4
≥18 kg (39.7 lb) ≥32 kg (70.5 lb) ≥55 kg (121.2 lb)
CAUTION:
Use safe practices when lifting.
Statement 5
CAUTION:
The power control button on the device and the power switch on the power supply do
not turn off the electrical current supplied to the device. The device also might have
more than one power cord. To remove all electrical current from the device, ensure
that all power cords are disconnected from the power source.
1
2
Statement 10
CAUTION:
Do not place any object weighing more than 82 kg (180 lbs.) on top of rack-mounted
devices.
Appendix B. Safety information 133

--- Page 144 ---
Importante:
Todas as instruções de cuidado e perigo da IBM documentation começam com um
número. Este número é utilizado para fazer referência cruzada de uma instrução de
cuidado ou perigo no idioma inglês com as versões traduzidas das instruções de
cuidado ou perigo encontradas nesta seção.
Por exemplo, se uma instrução de cuidado é iniciada com o número 1, as
traduções para aquela instrução de cuidado aparecem nesta seção sob a instrução
1.
Certifique-se de ler todas as instruções de cuidado e perigo antes de executar
qualquer operação.
Instrução 1
PERIGO
A corrente elétrica proveniente de cabos de alimentação, de telefone e de comunicações é
perigosa.
Para evitar risco de choque:
v Não conecte ou desconecte cabos e não realize instalação, manutenção ou
reconfiguração deste produto durante uma tempestade com raios.
v Conecte todos os cabos de alimentação a tomadas elétricas corretamente instaladas e
aterradas.
v Conecte todos os equipamentos ao qual esse produto será conectado a tomadas
corretamente instaladas.
v Sempre que possível, utilize apenas uma das mãos para conectar ou desconectar cabos
de sinal.
v Nunca ligue qualquer equipamento quando existir evidência de danos por fogo, água ou
na estrutura.
v Desconecte cabos de alimentação, sistemas de telecomunicação, redes e modems antes
de abrir as tampas dos dispositivos, a menos que especificado de maneira diferente nos
procedimentos de instalação e configuração.
v Conecte e desconecte cabos conforme descrito na seguinte tabela, ao instalar ou
movimentar este produto ou os dispositivos conectados, ou ao abrir suas tampas.
Para Conectar: Para Desconectar:
1. DESLIGUE Tudo.
2. Primeiramente, conecte todos os cabos
aos dispositivos.
3. Conecte os cabos de sinal aos
conectores.
4. Conecte os cabos de alimentação às
tomadas.
5. LIGUE os dispositivos.
1. DESLIGUE Tudo.
2. Primeiramente, remova os cabos de
alimentação das tomadas.
3. Remova os cabos de sinal dos
conectores.
4. Remova todos os cabos dos dispositivos.
134 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 145 ---
Instrução 2
CUIDADO:
Ao substituir a bateria de lítio, utilize apenas uma bateria IBM, Número de Peça 33F8354
ou uma bateria de tipo equivalente, recomendada pelo fabricante. Se o seu sistema possui
um móídulo com uma bateria de lítio, substitua-o apenas pelo mesmo tipo de mídulo, do
mesmo fabricante. A bateria contém lítio e pode explodir se não for utilizada, manuseada e
descartada de maneira correta.
Não:
v Jogue ou coloque na água
v Aqueça a mais de 100°C (212°F)
v Conserte nem desmonte
Para descartar a bateria, entre em contato com a área de atendimento a clientes IBM, pelo
telefone (011) 889-8986, para obter informações sobre como enviar a bateria pelo correio
para a IBM.
Instrução 3
PRECAUCIÓN:
Quando produtos a laser (unidades de CD-ROM, unidades de DVD, dispositivos de fibra
ítica, transmissores, etc.) estiverem instalados, observe o seguinte:
v Não remova as tampas. A remoção das tampas de um produto a laser pode resultar em
exposição prejudicial à radiação de laser. Nenhuma peça localizada no interior do
dispositivo pode ser consertada.
v A utilização de controles ou ajustes ou a execução de procedimentos diferentes dos
especificados aqui pode resultar em exposição prejudicial à radiação.
PERIGO
Alguns produtos a laser contêm um diodo laser da Classe 3A ou Classe 3B embutido.
Observe o seguinte:
Radiação de laser quando aberto. Não olhe diretamente para o raio a olho nu ou com
instrumentos íticos, e evite exposição direta ao raio.
Appendix B. Safety information 135

--- Page 146 ---
Instrução 4
≥18 kg (39.7 lb) ≥32 kg (70.5 lb) ≥55 kg (121.2 lb)
CUIDADO:
Ao levantar a máquina, faça-o com segurança.
Instrução 5
CUIDADO:
Os botões Liga/Desliga localizados no dispositivo e na fonte de alimentação não desligam a
corrente elétrica fornecida ao dispositivo. O dispositivo também pode ter mais de um cabo
de alimentação. Para remover toda a corrente elétrica do dispositivo, assegure que todos
os cabos de alimentação estejam desconectados da fonte de energia elétrica.
1
2
Instrução 10
CUIDADO:
Não coloque nenhum objeto com peso superior a 82 kg (180 lbs.) sobre dispositivos
montados em rack.
136 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 147 ---
Appendix B. Safety information 137

--- Page 148 ---
138 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 149 ---
Appendix B. Safety information 139

--- Page 150 ---
140 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 151 ---
Appendix B. Safety information 141

--- Page 152 ---
142 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 153 ---
Appendix B. Safety information 143

--- Page 154 ---
Important:
Toutes les consignes Attention et Danger indiquées dans la bibliothèque IBM
documentation sont précédées d'un numéro. Ce dernier permet de mettre en
correspondance la consigne en anglais avec ses versions traduites dans la
présente section.
Par exemple, si une consigne de type Attention est précédée du chiffre 1, ses
traductions sont également précédées du chiffre 1 dans la présente section.
Prenez connaissance de toutes les consignes de type Attention et Danger avant de
procéder aux opérations décrites par les instructions.
Notice n° 1
DANGER
Le courant électrique passant dans les câbles de communication, ou les cordons
téléphoniques et d'alimentation peut être dangereux.
Pour éviter tout risque de choc électrique:
v Ne manipulez aucun câble et n'effectuez aucune opération d'installation, d'entretien ou de
reconfiguration de ce produit au cours d'un orage.
v Branchez tous les cordons d'alimentation sur un socle de prise de courant correctement
câblé et mis à la terre.
v Branchez sur des socles de prise de courant correctement câblés tout équipement
connecté à ce produit.
v Lorsque cela est possible, n'utilisez qu'une seule main pour connecter ou déconnecter les
câbles d'interface.
v Ne mettez jamais un équipement sous tension en cas d'incendie ou d'inondation, ou en
présence de dommages matériels.
v Avant de retirer les carters de l'unité, mettez celle-ci hors tension et déconnectez ses
cordons d'alimentation, ainsi que les câbles qui la relient aux réseaux, aux systèmes de
télécommunication et aux modems (sauf instruction contraire mentionnée dans les
procédures d'installation et de configuration).
v Lorsque vous installez ou que vous déplacez le présent produit ou des périphériques qui
lui sont raccordés, reportez-vous aux instructions ci-dessous pour connecter et
déconnecter les différents cordons.
Connexion Déconnexion
1. Mettez les unités hors tension.
2. Commencez par brancher tous les
cordons sur les unités.
3. Branchez les câbles d'interface sur des
connecteurs.
4. Branchez les cordons d'alimentation sur
des prises.
5. Mettez les unités sous tension.
1. Mettez les unités hors tension.
2. Débranchez les cordons d'alimentation
des prises.
3. Débranchez les câbles d'interface des
connecteurs.
4. Débranchez tous les câbles des unités.
144 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 155 ---
Notice n° 2
ATTENTION:
Remplacez la pile au lithium usagée par une pile de référence identique
exclusivement - voir la référence IBM - ou par une pile équivalente recommandée par
le fabricant. Si votre système est doté d'un module contenant une pile au lithium,
vous devez le remplacer uniquement par un module identique, produit par le même
fabricant. La pile contient du lithium et présente donc un risque d'explosion en cas
de mauvaise manipulation ou utilisation.
v Ne la jetez pas à l'eau.
v Ne l'exposez pas à une température supérieure à 100 °C.
v Ne cherchez pas à la réparer ou à la démonter.
Pour la mise au rebut, reportez-vous à la réglementation en vigueur.
Notice n° 3
ATTENTION:
Si des produits laser sont installés (tels que des unités de CD-ROM ou de DVD, des
périphériques contenant des fibres optiques ou des émetteurs-récepteurs), prenez
connaissance des informations suivantes:
v N'ouvrez pas ces produits pour éviter une exposition directe au rayon laser. Vous
ne pouvez effectuer aucune opération de maintenance à l'intérieur.
v Pour éviter tout risque d'exposition au rayon laser, respectez les consignes de
réglage et d'utilisation des commandes, ainsi que les procédures décrites dans le
présent document.
DANGER
Certains produits laser contiennent une diode laser de classe 3A ou 3B. Prenez
connaissance des informations suivantes:
Rayonnement laser lorsque le carter est ouvert. évitez de regarder fixement le
faisceau ou de l'observer à l'aide d'instruments optiques. évitez une exposition
directe au rayon.
Appendix B. Safety information 145

--- Page 156 ---
Notice n° 4
≥18 kg (39.7 lb) ≥32 kg (70.5 lb) ≥55 kg (121.2 lb)
ATTENTION:
Faites-vous aider pour soulever ce produit.
Notice n° 5
ATTENTION:
Le bouton de mise sous tension/hors tension de l'unité et l'interrupteur d'alimentation
du bloc d'alimentation ne coupent pas l'arrivée de courant électrique à l'intérieur de la
machine. Il se peut que votre unité dispose de plusieurs cordons d'alimentation. Pour
isoler totalement l'unité du réseau électrique, débranchez tous les cordons
d'alimentation des socles de prise de courant.
1
2
Notice n° 10
ATTENTION:
Ne posez pas d'objet dont le poids dépasse 82 kg sur les unités montées en armoire.
146 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 157 ---
Wichtig:
Alle Sicherheitshinweise in dieser IBM documentation beginnen mit einer Nummer.
Diese Nummer verweist auf einen englischen Sicherheitshinweis mit den
übersetzten Versionen dieses Hinweises in diesem Abschnitt.
Wenn z. B. ein Sicherheitshinweis mit der Nummer 1 beginnt, so erscheint die
übersetzung für diesen Sicherheitshinweis in diesem Abschnitt unter dem Hinweis
1.
Lesen Sie alle Sicherheitshinweise, bevor Sie eine Anweisung ausführen.
Hinweis 1
VORSICHT
Elektrische Spannungen von Netz-, Telefon- und Datenübertragungsleitungen sind
gefährlich.
Aus Sicherheitsgründen:
v Bei Gewitter an diesem Gerät keine Kabel anschließen oder lösen. Ferner keine
Installations-, Wartungs- oder Rekonfigurationsarbeiten durchführen.
v Gerät nur an eine Schutzkontaktsteckdose mit ordnungsgemäß geerdetem Schutzkontakt
anschließen.
v Alle angeschlossenen Geräte ebenfalls an Schutzkontaktsteckdosen mit ordnungsgemäß
geerdetem Schutzkontakt anschließen.
v Signalkabel möglichst einhändig anschließen oder lösen.
v Keine Geräte einschalten, wenn die Gefahr einer Beschädigung durch Feuer, Wasser
oder andere Einflüsse besteht.
v Die Verbindung zu den angeschlossenen Netzkabeln, Telekommunikationssystemen,
Netzwerken und Modems ist vor dem öffnen des Gehäuses zu unterbrechen. Es sei
denn, dies ist in den zugehörigen Installations- und Konfigurationsprozeduren anders
angegeben.
v Nur nach den nachfolgend aufgeführten Anweisungen arbeiten, die für Installation,
Transport oder öffnen von Gehäusen von Personal Computern oder angeschlossenen
Einheiten gelten.
Kabel anschlieβen: Kabel lösen:
1. Alle Geräte ausschalten und
Netzstecker ziehen.
2. Zuerst alle Kabel an Einheiten
anschließen.
3. Signalkabel an Anschlußbuchsen
anschließen.
4. Netzstecker an Steckdose anschließen.
5. Gerät einschalten.
1. Alle Geräte ausschalten.
2. Zuerst Netzstecker von Steckdose lösen.
3. Signalkabel von Anschlußbuchsen lösen.
4. Alle Kabel von Einheiten lösen.
Appendix B. Safety information 147

--- Page 158 ---
Hinweis 2
ACHTUNG:
Eine verbrauchte Batterie nur durch eine Batterie mit der IBM Teilenummer 33F8354 oder
durch eine vom Hersteller empfohlene Batterie ersetzen. Wenn Ihr System ein Modul mit
einer Lithium-Batterie enthält, ersetzen Sie es immer mit dem selben Modultyp vom selben
Hersteller. Die Batterie enthält Lithium und kann bei unsachgemäßer Verwendung,
Handhabung oder Entsorgung explodieren.
Die Batterie nicht:
v mit Wasser in Berührung bringen.
v über 100 C erhitzen.
v reparieren oder zerlegen.
Die örtlichen Bestimmungen für die Entsorgung von Sondermüll beachten.
Hinweis 3
ACHTUNG:
Wenn ein Laserprodukt (z. B. CD-ROM-Laufwerke, DVD-Laufwerke, Einheiten mit
Glasfaserkabeln oder Transmitter) installiert ist, beachten Sie folgendes.
v Das Entfernen der Abdeckungen des CD-ROM-Laufwerks kann zu gefährlicher
Laserstrahlung führen. Es befinden sich keine Teile innerhalb des CD-ROM-Laufwerks,
die vom Benutzer gewartet werden müssen. Die Verkleidung des CD-ROM-Laufwerks
nicht öffnen.
v Steuer- und Einstellelemente sowie Verfahren nur entsprechend den Anweisungen im
vorliegenden Handbuch einsetzen. Andernfalls kann gefährliche Laserstrahlung auftreten.
VORSICHT
Manche CD-ROM-Laufwerke enthalten eine eingebaute Laserdiode der Klasse 3A oder 3B.
Die nachfolgend aufgeführten Punkte beachten.
Laserstrahlung bei geöffneter Tür. Niemals direkt in den Laserstrahl sehen, nicht direkt mit
optischen Instrumenten betrachten und den Strahlungsbereich meiden.
148 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 159 ---
Hinweis 4
≥18 kg ≥32 kg ≥55 kg
ACHTUNG:
Beim Anheben der Maschine die vorgeschriebenen Sicherheitsbestimmungen beachten.
Hinweis 5
ACHTUNG:
Mit dem Betriebsspannungsschalter an der Vorderseite des Servers und dem
Betriebsspannungsschalter am Netzteil wird die Stromversorgung für den Server nicht
unterbrochen. Der Server könnte auch mehr als ein Netzkabel aufweisen. Um die gesamte
Stromversorgung des Servers auszuschalten, muß sichergestellt werden, daß alle Netzkabel
aus den Netzsteckdosen herausgezogen wurden.
1
2
Hinweis 10
ACHTUNG:
Keine Gegenstände, die mehr als 82 kg wiegen, auf Rack-Einheiten ablegen.
Appendix B. Safety information 149

--- Page 160 ---
Importante:
Tutti gli avvisi di attenzione e di pericolo riportati nella pubblicazione IBM
documentation iniziano con un numero. Questo numero viene utilizzato per
confrontare avvisi di attenzione o di pericolo in inglese con le versioni tradotte
riportate in questa sezione.
Ad esempio, se un avviso di attenzione inizia con il numero 1, la relativa versione
tradotta è presente in questa sezione con la stessa numerazione.
Prima di eseguire una qualsiasi istruzione, accertarsi di leggere tutti gli avvisi di
attenzione e di pericolo.
Avviso 1
PERICOLO
La corrente elettrica circolante nei cavi di alimentazione, del telefono e di segnale è
pericolosa.
Per evitare il pericolo di scosse elettriche:
v Non collegare o scollegare i cavi, non effettuare l'installazione, la manutenzione o la
riconfigurazione di questo prodotto durante i temporali.
v Collegare tutti i cavi di alimentazione ad una presa elettrica correttamente cablata e
munita di terra di sicurezza.
v Collegare qualsiasi apparecchiatura collegata a questo prodotto ad una presa elettrica
correttamente cablata e munita di terra di sicurezza.
v Quando possibile, collegare o scollegare i cavi di segnale con una sola mano.
v Non accendere qualsiasi apparecchiatura in presenza di fuoco, acqua o se sono presenti
danni all'apparecchiatura stessa.
v Scollegare i cavi di alimentazione, i sistemi di telecomunicazioni, le reti e i modem prima
di aprire i coperchi delle unità, se non diversamente indicato nelle procedure di
installazione e configurazione.
v Collegare e scollegare i cavi come descritto nella seguente tabella quando si effettuano
l'installazione, la rimozione o l'apertura dei coperchi di questo prodotto o delle unità
collegate.
Per collegare: Per scollegare:
1. SPEGNERE tutti i dispositivi.
2. Collegare prima tutti i cavi alle unità.
3. Collegare i cavi di segnale ai connettori.
4. Collegare i cavi di alimentazione alle
prese elettriche.
5. ACCENDERE le unità.
1. SPEGNERE tutti i dispositivi.
2. Rimuovere prima i cavi di alimentazione
dalle prese elettriche.
3. Rimuovere i cavi di segnale dai connettori.
4. Rimuovere tutti i cavi dalle unità.
150 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 161 ---
Avviso 2
ATTENZIONE:
Quando si sostituisce la batteria al litio, utilizzare solo una batteria IBM con numero parte
33F8354 o batterie dello stesso tipo o di tipo equivalente consigliate dal produttore. Se il
sistema di cui si dispone è provvisto di un modulo contenente una batteria al litio, sostituire
tale batteria solo con un tipo di modulo uguale a quello fornito dal produttore. La batteria
contiene litio e può esplodere se utilizzata, maneggiata o smaltita impropriamente.
Evitare di:
v Gettarla o immergerla in acqua
v Riscaldarla ad una temperatura superiore ai 100°C
v Cercare di ripararla o smontarla
Smaltire secondo la normativa in vigore (D.Lgs 22 del 5/2/9) e successive disposizioni
nazionali e locali.
Avviso 3
ATTENZIONE:
Quando si installano prodotti laser come, ad esempio, le unità DVD, CD-ROM, a fibre
ottiche o trasmettitori, prestare attenzione a quanto segue:
v Non rimuovere i coperchi. L'apertura dei coperchi di prodotti laser può determinare
l'esposizione a radiazioni laser pericolose. All'interno delle unità non vi sono parti su cui
effettuare l'assistenza tecnica.
v L'utilizzo di controlli, regolazioni o l'esecuzione di procedure non descritti nel presente
manuale possono provocare l'esposizione a radiazioni pericolose.
PERICOLO
Alcuni prodotti laser contengono all'interno un diodo laser di Classe 3A o Classe 3B.
Prestare attenzione a quanto segue:
Aprendo l'unità vengono emesse radiazioni laser. Non fissare il fascio, non guardarlo
direttamente con strumenti ottici ed evitare l'esposizione diretta al fascio.
Appendix B. Safety information 151

--- Page 162 ---
Avviso 4
≥18 kg ≥32 kg ≥55 kg
ATTENZIONE:
Durante il sollevamento della macchina seguire delle norme di sicurezza.
Avviso 5
ATTENZIONE:
Il pulsante del controllo dell'alimentazione situato sull'unità e l'interruttore di alimentazione
posto sull'alimentatore non disattiva la corrente elettrica fornita all'unità. L'unità potrebbe
disporre di più di un cavo di alimentazione. Per disattivare la corrente elettrica dall'unità,
accertarsi che tutti i cavi di alimentazione siano scollegati dalla sorgente di alimentazione.
1
2
Avviso 10
ATTENZIONE:
Non poggiare oggetti che pesano più di 82 kg sulla parte superiore delle unità montate in
rack.
152 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 163 ---
Appendix B. Safety information 153

--- Page 164 ---
154 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 165 ---
Appendix B. Safety information 155

--- Page 166 ---
156 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 167 ---
Importante:
Todas las declaraciones de precauciín de esta IBM documentation empiezan con
un número. Dicho número se emplea para establecer una referencia cruzada de
una declaraciín de precauciín o peligro en inglés con las versiones traducidas que
de dichas declaraciones pueden encontrarse en esta secciín.
Por ejemplo, si una declaraciín de peligro empieza con el número 1, las
traducciones de esta declaraciín de precauciín aparecen en esta secciín bajo
Declaraciín 1.
Lea atentamente todas las declaraciones de precauciín y peligro antes de llevar a
cabo cualquier operaciín.
Declaración 1
PELIGRO
La corriente eléctrica de los cables telefínicos, de alimentaciín y de comunicaciones es
perjudicial.
Para evitar una descarga eléctrica:
v No conecte ni desconecte ningún cable ni realice las operaciones de instalaciín,
mantenimiento o reconfiguraciín de este producto durante una tormenta.
v Conecte cada cable de alimentaciín a una toma de alimentaciín eléctrica con conexiín a
tierra y cableado correctos.
v Conecte a tomas de alimentaciín con un cableado correcto cualquier equipo que vaya a
estar conectado a este producto.
v Si es posible, utilice una sola mano cuando conecte o desconecte los cables de sent.al.
v No encienda nunca un equipo cuando haya riesgos de incendio, de inundaciín o de
daños estructurales.
v Desconecte los cables de alimentaciín, sistemas de telecomunicaciones, redes y mídems
conectados antes de abrir las cubiertas del dispositivo a menos que se indique lo
contrario en los procedimientos de instalaciín y configuraciín.
v Conecte y desconecte los cables tal como se describe en la tabla siguiente cuando
desee realizar una operaciín de instalaciín, de traslado o de apertura de las cubiertas
para este producto o para los dispositivos conectados.
Para la conexin Para la desconexiín
1. APÁGUELO todo.
2. En primer lugar, conecte los cables a
los dispositivos.
3. Conecte los cables de señal a los
conectores.
4. Conecte cada cable de alimentaciín a la
toma de alimentaciín.
5. ENCIENDA el dispositivo.
1. APÁGUELO todo.
2. En primer lugar, retire cada cable de
alimentaciín de la toma de alimentaciín.
3. Retire los cables de señal de los
conectores.
4. Retire los cables de los dispositivos.
Appendix B. Safety information 157

--- Page 168 ---
Declaración 2
PRECAUCIÓN:
Cuando desee sustituir la batería de litio, utilice únicamente el número de pieza 33F8354 de
IBM o cualquier tipo de batería equivalente que recomiende el fabricante. Si el sistema
tiene un mídulo que contiene una batería de litio, sustitúyalo únicamente por el mismo tipo
de mídulo, que ha de estar creado por el mismo fabricante. La batería contiene litio y puede
explotar si el usuario no la utiliza ni la maneja de forma adecuada o si no se desprende de
la misma como corresponde.
No realice las acciones siguientes:
v Arrojarla al agua o sumergirla
v Calentarla a una temperatura que supere los 100°C (212°F)
v Repararla o desmontarla
Despréndase de la batería siguiendo los requisitos que exija el reglamento o la legislaciín
local.
Declaración 3
PRECAUCIÓN:
Cuando instale productos láser (como, por ejemplo, CD-ROM, unidades DVD, dispositivos
de fibra íptica o transmisores), tenga en cuenta las advertencias siguientes:
v No retire las cubiertas. Si retira las cubiertas del producto láser, puede quedar expuesto a
radiaciín láser perjudicial. Dentro del dispositivo no existe ninguna pieza que requiera
mantenimiento.
v El uso de controles o ajustes o la realizaciín de procedimientos que no sean los que se
han especificado aquí pueden dar como resultado una exposiciín perjudicial a las
radiaciones.
PELIGRO
Algunos productos láser contienen un diodo de láser incorporado de Clase 3A o de Clase
3B. Tenga en cuenta la advertencia siguiente.
Cuando se abre, hay radiaciín láser. No mire fijamente el rayo ni lleve a cabo ningún
examen directamente con instrumentos ípticos; evite la exposiciín directa al rayo.
158 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 169 ---
Declaración 4
≥18 kg ≥32 kg ≥55 kg
PRECAUCIÓN:
Tome medidas de seguridad al levantar el producto.
Declaración 5
PRECAUCIÓN:
El botín de control de alimentaciín del dispositivo y el interruptor de alimentaciín de la fuente
de alimentaciín no apagan la corriente eléctrica suministrada al dispositivo. Es posible
también que el dispositivo tenga más de un cable de alimentaciín. Para eliminar la corriente
eléctrica del dispositivo, asegúrese de desconectar todos los cables de alimentaciín de la
fuente de alimentaciín.
1
2
Declaración 10
PRECAUCIÓN:
No coloque ningún objeto que pese más de 82 kg (180 libras) encima de los dispositivos
montados en bastidor.
Appendix B. Safety information 159

--- Page 170 ---
160 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 171 ---
Appendix C. Notices
This publication was developed for products and services offered in the U.S.A.
IBM may not offer the products, services, or features discussed in this document in
other countries. Consult your local IBM representative for information on the
products and services currently available in your area. Any reference to an IBM
product, program, or service is not intended to state or imply that only that IBM
product, program, or service may be used. Any functionally equivalent product,
program, or service that does not infringe any IBM intellectual property right may be
used instead. However, it is the user’s responsibility to evaluate and verify the
operation of any non-IBM product, program, or service.
IBM may have patents or pending patent applications covering subject matter
described in this document. The furnishing of this document does not give you any
license to these patents. You can send license inquiries, in writing, to:
IBM Director of Licensing
IBM Corporation
North Castle Drive
Armonk, NY 10504-1785
U.S.A.
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION PROVIDES THIS
PUBLICATION “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Some jurisdictions do not allow disclaimer of express or
implied warranties in certain transactions, therefore, this statement may not apply to
you.
This information could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors.
Changes are periodically made to the information herein; these changes will be
incorporated in new editions of the publication. IBM may make improvements and/or
changes in the product(s) and/or the program(s) described in this publication at any
time without notice.
Any references in this publication to non-IBM Web sites are provided for
convenience only and do not in any manner serve as an endorsement of those
Web sites. The materials at those Web sites are not part of the materials for this
IBM product, and use of those Web sites is at your own risk.
IBM may use or distribute any of the information you supply in any way it believes
appropriate without incurring any obligation to you.
Edition notice
© Copyright International Business Machines Corporation 2004. All rights
reserved.
U.S. Government Users Restricted Rights — Use, duplication, or disclosure
restricted by GSA ADP Schedule Contract with IBM Corp.
© Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2009 161

--- Page 172 ---
Trademarks
The following terms are trademarks of International Business Machines Corporation
in the United States, other countries, or both:
Active Memory Predictive Failure Analysis
Active PCI ServeRAID
Active PCI-X ServerGuide
Alert on LAN ServerProven
BladeCenter TechConnect
C2T Interconnect ThinkPad
Chipkill Tivoli
EtherJet Tivoli Enterprise
FlashCopy Update Connector
IBM Wake on LAN
IBM (logo) XA-32
IntelliStation XA-64
NetBAY X-Architecture
Netfinity XceL4
NetView XpandOnDemand
OS/2 WARP xSeries
Intel, MMX, and Pentium are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the United States,
other countries, or both.
Microsoft, Windows, and Windows NT are trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in
the United States, other countries, or both.
UNIX is a registered trademark of The Open Group in the United States and other
countries.
Java and all Java-based trademarks and logos are trademarks or registered
trademarks of Sun Microsystems, Inc. in the United States, other countries, or both.
Adaptec and HostRAID are trademarks of Adaptec, Inc., in the United States, other
countries, or both.
Linux is a trademark of Linus Torvalds in the United States, other countries, or both.
Red Hat, the Red Hat “Shadow Man” logo, and all Red Hat-based trademarks and
logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of Red Hat, Inc., in the United States
and other countries.
Other company, product, or service names may be trademarks or service marks of
others.
162 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 173 ---
Important notes
Processor speeds indicate the internal clock speed of the microprocessor; other
factors also affect application performance.
CD-ROM drive speeds list the variable read rate. Actual speeds vary and are often
less than the maximum possible.
When referring to processor storage, real and virtual storage, or channel volume,
KB stands for approximately 1000 bytes, MB stands for approximately 1 000 000
bytes, and GB stands for approximately 1 000 000 000 bytes.
When referring to hard disk drive capacity or communications volume, MB stands
for 1 000 000 bytes, and GB stands for 1 000 000 000 bytes. Total user-accessible
capacity may vary depending on operating environments.
Maximum internal hard disk drive capacities assume the replacement of any
standard hard disk drives and population of all hard disk drive bays with the largest
currently supported drives available from IBM.
Maximum memory may require replacement of the standard memory with an
optional memory module.
IBM makes no representation or warranties regarding non-IBM products and
services that are ServerProven
®
, including but not limited to the implied warranties
of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. These products are offered
and warranted solely by third parties.
IBM makes no representations or warranties with respect to non-IBM products.
Support (if any) for the non-IBM products is provided by the third party, not IBM.
Some software may differ from its retail version (if available), and may not include
user manuals or all program functionality.
Product recycling and disposal
This unit contains materials such as circuit boards, cables, electromagnetic
compatibility gaskets, and connectors which may contain lead and copper/beryllium
alloys that require special handling and disposal at end of life. Before this unit is
disposed of, these materials must be removed and recycled or discarded according
to applicable regulations. IBM offers product-return programs in several countries.
Information on product recycling offerings can be found on IBM’s Internet site at
http://www.ibm.com/ibm/environment/products/prp.shtml.
Appendix C. Notices 163

--- Page 174 ---
Battery return program
This product may contain a sealed lead acid, nickel cadmium, nickel metal hydride,
lithium, or lithium ion battery. Consult your user manual or service manual for
specific battery information. The battery must be recycled or disposed of properly.
Recycling facilities may not be available in your area. For information on disposal of
batteries outside the United States, go to http://www.ibm.com/ibm/environment/
products/batteryrecycle.shtml or contact your local waste disposal facility.
In the United States, IBM has established a collection process for reuse, recycling,
or proper disposal of used IBM sealed lead acid, nickel cadmium, nickel metal
hydride, and battery packs from IBM equipment. For information on proper disposal
of these batteries, contact IBM at 1-800-426-4333. Have the IBM part number listed
on the battery available prior to your call.
In the Netherlands, the following applies.
Electronic emission notices
IBM IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227
Federal Communications Commission (FCC) statement
Note: This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a
Class B digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are
designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a
residential installation. This equipment generates, uses, and can radiate radio
frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions,
may cause harmful interference to radio communications. However, there is no
guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this
equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which
can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to
try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures:
v Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
v Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
v Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the
receiver is connected.
v Consult an IBM authorized dealer or service representative for help.
Properly shielded and grounded cables and connectors must be used in order to
meet FCC emission limits. Proper cables and connectors are available from IBM
authorized dealers. IBM is not responsible for any radio or television interference
caused by using other than recommended cables and connectors or by
unauthorized changes or modifications to this equipment. Unauthorized changes or
modifications could void the user’s authority to operate the equipment.
164 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 175 ---
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the
following two conditions: (1) this device may not cause harmful interference, and (2)
this device must accept any interference received, including interference that may
cause undesired operation.
Responsible party:
International Business Machines Corporation
New Orchard Road
Armonk, NY 10504
Telephone: 1-919-543-2193
Tested To Comply
With FCC Standards
FOR HOME OR OFFICE USE
Industry Canada Class B emission compliance statement
This Class B digital apparatus complies with Canadian ICES-003.
Avis de conformité à la réglementation d’Industrie Canada
Cet appareil numérique de la classe B est conforme à la norme NMB-003 du
Canada.
European Union EMC Directive conformance statement
This product is in conformity with the protection requirements of EU Council
Directive 89/336/EEC on the approximation of the laws of the Member States
relating to electromagnetic compatibility. IBM cannot accept responsibility for any
failure to satisfy the protection requirements resulting from a nonrecommended
modification of the product, including the fitting of non-IBM option cards. This
product has been tested and found to comply with the limits for Class B Information
Technology Equipment according to CISPR 22/European Standard EN 55022. The
limits for Class B equipment were derived for typical residential environments to
provide reasonable protection against interference with licensed communication
devices.
Japanese Voluntary Control Council for Interference (VCCI) statement
Appendix C. Notices 165

--- Page 176 ---
166 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 177 ---
Index
A
acoustical noise emissions 3
adapter
considerations for 26
PCI bus 27
PCI or PCI-X 27
SCSI 30
adapter-retainer, rear, removing 63, 64
audio
connectors 54
B
battery
connector 71
replacement 21
bays, filler panel 33
beep
symptoms 83
beep codes 15
bezel
removing 26
replacing 50
bezel release latch, removing 79
bi-directional parallel port configuration 56
BIOS code, updating 18
Boot Menu 11
Broadcom NetXtreme Gigabit Ethernet Boot Agent
general 11
C
cable connectors 72, 73
cables
internal drives 40
power 40
signal 40
USB 57
cabling
Ethernet 54
external SCSI connector 48
SCSI adapter 30
SCSI drives 40
SCSI requirements 56
Serial ATA drives 40
system-board external connectors 73
system-board internal connectors 72
CD-ROM drive
eject button 7
installing 31
problems 95
removing 61
channels, SCSI 56
checkout
general 13
procedure 14
components
location of 24
system 24
system board 71
computer
configuring 11
controls on 6
indicators on 6
turning off 9
turning on 8
configuration
ServeRAID programs 11
configuration programs
Adaptec RAID Configuration Utility programs 11
Broadcom NetXtreme Gigabit Ethernet Boot
Agent 11
Configuration/Setup Utility program 12
general 11
SCSISelect Utility program 11
Configuration/Setup Utility program 12
configuring
the computer 11
connecting external options 52
connector
mouse 54
parallel port 55
video 57
connectors
adapter 71
audio 54
battery 71
cable 72
Ethernet 54
external port 73
external SCSI 48
fan 72
front 6
IEEE 1394 (FireWire) 55
input/output 53
internal cable 72
memory 71
microprocessor 71
port 73
rear 53
serial 56
Serial ATA 32
system board 71
Ultra 320 SCSI 56
universal serial bus (USB) 57
VRM 71
controller
Ethernet 4
SCSI 30
controls and indicators 6
cooling 3, 23
cover
removing 25
replacing 51
© Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2009 167

--- Page 178 ---
CRU tier levels 117
CRUs, defined iii, 117
D
diagnostic
CD 13
error codes 90
programs 17
test log 17
text messages 16
DIMM connector
installing memory 42
DIMM retaining clips 42
diskette drive
activity LED 7
installing 31, 32
problems 96
diskette eject button 7
display problems 98
drive
bay filler panel 33
installation 32, 36
drives, installing 31
E
eject button
diskette 7
electrical input 3
Enhanced Diagnostics CD 13
environment 3
error
LED 74
messages, BIST 112
messages, bus fault 112
messages, fan 109
messages, hard disk drive checkout 111
messages, power 110
messages, temperature 109
symptoms 95
errors
hot-swap power supply 103
POST (ISPR) 107
SCSI 104
ServeRAID 105
service processor 104
Ethernet
cabling 54
connector 54
port 54
Ethernet controller 4
Ethernet controller configuration 11
external options, connecting 52
F
fan
connectors 72
front, removing 65
hard drive, removing 66
features and specifications 3
filler panel 33
FRUs, defined iii, 117
G
guidelines for options installation 23
H
handle assembly, removing 81
handling static-sensitive devices 23
hard disk drive
installing 31
hardware problems, determining 13
hardware, major components 24, 116
heat output 3
heat sink
removing 60
HostRAID considerations 32
I
IDs, setting SCSI 56
IEEE 1394 (FireWire) connectors 55
input/output
connectors 53
input/output connectors 53
installation sequence, memory modules 41
installing
battery 21
bezel 50
drives in bays 4, 5, or 6 36
internal drives 31
memory modules 41
microprocessor 44
options 23
SCSI cable 48
security rope clip 49
intermittent problems 97
internal
connectors 72
drive bays 31
drives, installing 31
J
jumpers and switches 75
K
keyboard problems 97
L
LEDs
activity 6, 7
system board 74
lever, microprocessor socket 61
local area network (LAN) 4
168 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 179 ---
M
memory
installing 41
modules 42
memory module
sequence of installation 41
specifications 3
memory problems 98
messages
diagnostic text 16
small computer system interface (SCSI) 17
microprocessor
heat sink 47
installing 44
problems 98
removing 60
specifications 3
minimum operating requirements 113
monitor problems 98
mouse
connector 54
problems 97
N
no-beep symptoms 85
notes, important 163
notices
book 2
O
online
support iv
operating requirements, minimum 113
optical drive 40
option problems 100
options installation 23
guidelines 23
P
parallel port
connector 55
parts listing 115
PC-Doctor for Windows
program 18
using 18
PCI adapters 27
PCI expansion slots 3
ports
See connectors
POST (ISPR) error procedures 107
POST (power-on self-test) 15
POST error codes 85
POST error messages 16
power
cords 122
problems 101
power cords
disconnecting 48
power supply
non-hot-swap, removing 62
power supply specifications 3
power-control button 6
power-on LED 6
power/LED switch assembly, removing 68
problem determination tips 114
problems
CD-ROM drive 95
diskette drive 96
hard disk drives 96
hardware, determining 13
intermittent 97
keyboard 97
memory 98
microprocessor 98
monitor 98
mouse 97
option 100
power 101
serial port 102
software 103
solving 13
undetermined 113
R
RAS features 4
recovering
POST/BIOS update failure 19
reliability, system 23
removable media drives, installing 31
removing
bezel 26
cover 25
removing/replacing
adapter retainer, rear 63, 64
bezel release latch 79
CD-ROM drive 61
fan, front 65
fan, hard drive 66
front USB connector assembly 69
handle assembly 81
microprocessor 60
power supply, non-hot-swap 62
power/LED switch assembly 68
system board 76
top/side cover 78
USB connector assembly 69
replacing
battery 21
bezel 50
cover 51
retaining clips, DIMM 42
rope clip, installing for security 49
Index 169

--- Page 180 ---
S
safety information
laser 34
SCSI
cabling 56
connector, location 72
external cable 48
SCSI (Ultra320)
connector 56
SCSI connector
description 56
location 48
SCSI controller
cabling 30
SCSI IDs
setting 56
security
rope clip 49
sequence of installation, memory modules 41
serial
connectors 56
serial port problems 102
ServeRAID error codes 105
ServeRAID programs 11
ServerGuide error symptoms 102
setting
SCSI IDs 56
size 3
small computer system interface (SCSI)
cabling requirements 56
messages 17
setting IDs 56
software, problems 103
starting
diagnostic programs 17
starting the computer 8
static-sensitive devices, handling 23
system board
connectors
SCSI 56
external connectors 73
internal connectors 72
jumpers and switches 75
LEDs 74
option connectors 71
removing 76
SCSI connectors 72
system management
capabilities 4
system offerings 4
system reliability 23
system shutdown
temperature-related 111
voltage-related 110
system specifications 3
T
tape drive, installing 31
test log
viewing diagnostic 17
thermal material, heat sink 47
tier levels, CRU 117
top/side cover, removing 78
trademarks 162
turn on computer 8
turning off the computer 9
U
Ultra160 SCSI connector 56
undetermined problems 113
universal serial bus (USB)
cables 57
connectors 57
front connector assembly, removing 69
USB connector assembly, removing 69
V
video
connector 57
DVI connector 57
video controller 3
W
weight 3
170 IntelliStation Z Pro Types 6223 and 6227: Hardware Maintenance Manual and Troubleshooting Guide

--- Page 182 ---

Part Number: 49Y0147
(1P) P/N: 49Y0147

