--- Page 4 ---
Chapter 4, Getting Started, moves you into control of the system,
introducing the GEM™ Desktop, teaching you the tricks of controlling
the mouse and drop-down menus, and presenting a step-by-step
guide to making a System Backup disk. Chapter 5, The Opening
Menu, presents the details of working with each menu item.
Chapter 6, Managing Disks, Files, and Folders, demonstrates how
to manage your information. Chapter 7, Applications for the ST
Computer, provides descriptions of some of the major application
programs available for the ST Computer System.

The Appendices to this Owner's Manual are your resources.
Troubleshooting, Mouse Care, a complete Glossary, and technical
specifications provide information for every level of user. And
should you need more information or wish to become part of the
extended network of Atari User Groups, refer to the Customer
Support section at the very end of this manual.

--- Page 5 ---
SIPUIIIII III Idd dd dd dd UJI II IVI II IOS

TABLE OF CONTENTS

CHAPTER 1: MEET THE ATARI ST COMPUTER . .
CHAPTER 2: SETTING UP THE ST SYSTEM . .
UNPACKING THE SYSTEM . .
The Computer... ..
The Monitor and Disk Drive .
HOOKING UP THE SYSTEM . .
The Computer. . .
The Monitor ..
The Disk Drive

=

CONANNO GOGO

The Mouse .....
Two Disk Drives .

‘TURNING ON THE SYSTEM. . -.10
CHAPTER 3: UNDERSTANDING THE KEYBOARD. 13
CHAPTER 4: GETTING STARTED .......... 17

THE GEM DESKTOP .... ..17

CONTROLLING THE MOUSE . 18

Pointing ....... 19
Clicking. . . 20
Dragging....... 21

Multiple Selections . .
TAKING A TOUR OF THE GEM DESKTOP.
Windows .
Menus .
Files ..........
Desk Accessories .
Trash
Dialog Boxes and Alert Messages i
MAKING A SYSTEM BACKUP DISK. .
CHAPTER 5: THE OPENING MENU .

Desktop Info. .
VT52 Emulator
Control Panel .
Set RS232 Configurai
Install Printer

--- Page 6 ---
Open.....

Show Info ...

New Folder

Close.......

Close Window

Format ..
VIEW. .

Install Disk Drive
Install Application .
Set Preferences .
Save Desktop ...
Print Screen ......

Copying Files .

Deleting Files...

Renaming Files .

FOLDERS ...........,

Creating Folders ..

Opening Folders ..

Deleting Folders............0....cccec ce
CHAPTER 7: APPLICATIONS FOR THE ST COMPUTER . -
APPENDIX A: TROUBLESHOOTING .........0... 00.0.0... 63
APPENDIX B: MOUSE CARE
APPENDIX C:GLOSSARY.....................
APPENDIX D: CONNECTOR PINOUT SPECIFICATIONS
APPENDIX E: ATARI 520ST SPECIFICATIONS . .
CUSTOMER SUPPORT. . .

, sf,

AV VV_RURA RA gQgnggngngnggnnggngng gngannnnn

--- Page 7 ---
DO ee

Sf ££ f SP PE SSL S ESF of
SALSA LELSLAD ADS LSS

CHAPTER 1
MEET THE ATARI ST COMPUTER

When you use your ST Computer, you are interacting with the entire
computer system. Your input goes through the keyboard and the
mouse; the computer's output comes through the monitor and disk
drive; computation occurs inside the keyboard unit, and informa-
tion is stored on disks.

‘

The ST Computer is the center of the ST System. Attaching
peripheral devices (like disk drives, monitors, and printers) lets
your computer perform a variety of functions. Take a look at the
outside of your ST Computer to see how the keyboard, the ports,
and the switches can work to expand the capabilities of your ST
Computer System.

Keyboard
Full stroke design with access to 94 keys, including a calculator
keypad, special function and editing controls.

--- Page 8 ---
6 =z

t t t
uf || | ta J | 9
am Midi In Modem Hard Disk
a j5 G &
Power Midi Out — Monitor Printer Floppy Disk
// Reset
Restarts the ST Computer.
1° On/Off

Turns the ST Computer on and off.

=== Power
Connects the ST Computer to the power supply.

3 }3 midi ouvmidi in

MIDI stands for Musical Instrument Digital Interface. These ports
connect your ST Computer to the latest generation of electronic
musical instruments. The Midi In port lets your computer monitor a
synthesizer or any MIDI-equipped instrument. The Midi Out port
gives the ST Computer control over the digital interface of an elec-
tronic instrument, letting you play sophisticated compositions,
while changing the volume, tempo, and instrumentation. Using the
MIDI interfaces, the ST Computer can become a sophisticated
studio recorder that lets you create music one track at a time.

g Monitor
Your ATARI High-Resolution SM124™ or RGB Analog Color SC1224™
Monitor connects to your ST Computer through this port.

& Printer

High-speed printers connect to your ST Computer through this
parallel interface port. ATARI Printers developed especially for the
ST Computer attach here. If you need a more specialized printer,
many other types of printers can be attached to your ST Computer.

: , yf; 4

°YAVPIAANRARAAAAAA A A A A Wrwrrrmn

--- Page 9 ---
VV NVUUEVUUVN UV UVUVUIUIUVUVUUUUVU VUE edb bul

ff é a a
SPALL Sf th SLLLLS

% Modem

Modems are connected to the ST Computer through this port. Any
industry-standard RS232C modem can be attached to your com-
puter. Your computer uses a modem to get in touch with other
computers using the telephone. Hook your ST Computer up to an
information service, to electronic mail, to the computer at your
school or office, or to a friend’s computer. You can also connect
serial printers and other RS232C devices to your computer
through the Modem port.

% Floppy Disk

Your ATARI MicroFloppy Disk Drive plugs into this port. The ST
Computer can work with up to two drives. Each single-sided ATARI
SF354™ Disk Drive can store over 360,000 bytes of information.

r°) Hard Disk

An ATARI Hard Disk can be attached to your ST Computer through
this port. A hard disk drive can store more information and
transmit that information much faster than is possible with a floppy
disk drive. The Hard Disk port transfers up to 10 million bits of in-
formation per second—enough to fill the entire Random Access
Memory (RAM) of the ST Computer in a fraction of a second.

Cartridge

Cartridge

Software programs in cartridge form are inserted into this car-
tridge slot. Programs on ROM (Read Only Memory) cartridges work
instantly without the extra time for loading and without using any
of your computer's memory. Up to 131,072 bytes of program infor-
mation can be contained on a cartridge.

; fad

--- Page 10 ---
&
o $1
Mouse /Joystick Joystick
&® Mouse & Joystick
The mouse attaches to your ST Computer through Mouse/Joystick

port 0. Atari-compatible joysticks can also be attached to your ST
Computer through these ports.

ADDR DDDD®®AA MAAAANQ AHAAHA ANA A AANRAHNHANA AAA

--- Page 11 ---
Se ee YY YO

LS ££ ££

SSSSALSL LL SASS SSS

CHAPTER 2
SETTING UP THE ST SYSTEM

UNPACKING THE SYSTEM

The ATARI ST Computer is part of a complete computing system:
the computer, the monitor, and the disk drive. You must have
all three components to operate the system. When you open

the large ST System carton, there are three individual boxes
inside, each containing one of the three parts of the system.
Remove the three boxes carefully and follow the unpacking in-
structions below. It is a good idea to save the packing materials
for storing and transporting your computer system.

The Computer
When you unpack the box marked ‘ST Computer’, you will find
the following items:

@ ATARI ST Computer
i Power Supply

™ Mouse

@ ST Language Disk
@ TOS System Disk
@ Owner's Manual

@ Warranty Card

If you are missing any of these items, contact your ATARI Com-
puter retailer.

The Monitor and Disk Drive

Inside the ATARI Monitor and Disk Drive boxes are manuals for
each component. The manuals describe the unpacking procedures
and the specific characteristics of each component. Technical
specifications, troubleshooting guides, care and safety charts, and
Atari Customer Service information are also provided in the
manuals.

, 7, f£ @

--- Page 12 ---
Spend a few moments to read over the manuals, then unpack the
monitor and disk drive carefully. Check to make sure that the
listed parts of each package are there. You will notice that each
box contains the following components:

@ Monitor or Disk Drive
@ Power Cable

@ Interface Cable

@ Manual

@ Warranty Card

Until you have your system completely set up, it is a good idea to
keep the pieces for each component separate to avoid any possible
confusion in the set-up procedure.

HOOKING UP THE SYSTEM

Setting up your ST Computer System is easy. All the devices simply
plug together. All you need to do is plug the connectors into the
right places. i

It is important that you choose the proper location for your ST
System. Set up your system where it won't have to be moved often
and is not subject to intense heat or moisture. Your ST System is
made up of sophisticated pieces of electronic equipment. Anywhere
you would set up your stereo system or your television is suitable
for your computer.

A good plan for arranging your system for comfortable use is to
first decide how you want your components arranged, then go
through the process of attaching the pieces to each other, and
then to the power supply.

Arrange the computer, monitor, and disk drive to your satisfaction
on a firm level surface, then follow the instructions below. Refer to
the Owner’s Manuals that came with your ATARI Monitor and Disk
Drive for more ideas and information on setting up and caring for

your system.

8 4. 4

--- Page 13 ---
\ R\ RY OS BS SS SS SD)

The Computer

1. With the On/Off Switch in the Off position, insert one end of the
Power Adapter into the port marked ‘‘Power’’ on the back of the
ST Computer. Plug the other end into the wall outlet or a power

strip.

Computer
[deed dd edad ddddaaaadaaaeaeaaeaessaess
[ 2HOo9 Oca em 6 m=
Power Adapter

Video Cable
Interface Cable
Monitor

To Power
Disk Drive
To Power
To Power
The Monitor

2. Insert the video cable (attached to your monitor) into the port
marked ‘‘Monitor’’ on the back of the ST Computer.

3. With the monitor turned off, insert the monitor's power cable
into a wall outlet or power strip.

The Disk Drive

4. Insert one end of the round interface cable (supplied with your
disk drive) into the I/O Connector marked ‘‘In’”’ on the back of
the disk drive. Plug the other end into the port marked ‘‘Floppy
Disk” on the back of the ST Computer.

--- Page 14 ---
ff of & £ f
f. ASL vs /. fy

5. With the disk drive Power switch in the “Off" position, plug one
end of the power adapter into the port marked ‘‘Power”’ on the
back of the disk drive. Plug the other end of the power adapter
into a wall outlet or power strip.

Warning: When setting up your computer system, place your disk
drive at least 12 inches from your monitor. Monitors emit a
magnetic field that can damage information stored on disks.

The Mouse

6. Insert the end of the mouse cable into Mouse/Joystick port 0 on
the side panel of the ST Computer. Be sure to insert the plug
Correctly. The plug is larger at the top and will fit into the socket
in only one way. Once inserted, the mouse can be moved
around while still attached to the computer.

Note: For more information on your mouse, refer to Appendix B,
Mouse Care.

>. mah kh eh x

--- Page 15 ---
NY RR SN SS

Two Disk Drives

Your ST System can control up to two floppy disk drives. Hooking up
the second drive is called Daisy Chaining the drives together. If
you've purchased a second drive, follow the steps below to attach
the drive to your ST System.

Disk Drive A Disk Drive B

To Power To Power
To Computer

Interface Cable

Interface Cable

1. Insert one end of the interface cable of Drive B (the second
drive) into the 1/O Connector marked ‘‘In’’ on the back of the
disk drive. Insert the other end of the cable into the 1/O Connec-
tor marked ‘‘Out”’ on the back of Drive A.

2. With the Drive B Power switch in the ‘‘Off’’ position, plug one
end of the power adapter into the port marked ‘‘Power’’ on the
back of the disk drive. Plug the other end of the adapter into the
wall outlet or a power strip.

--- Page 16 ---
SIS SSS SLL

TURNING ON THE SYSTEM

1. Check to make sure that all your cable and power connections
are inserted properly.

2. Turn on your monitor, your disk drive, and then your computer.
Your monitor screen will look like this:

Put the Systems Disk
into your Disk Drive.

After you’ve done that,
move the pointer to the
OK box (with your mouse)
and click the button.

Desk File View Options

3. Follow the prompts on the screen. Hold the TOS System Disk by
its plastic casing with the label facing up and the metal end
towards the slot on the disk drive. Slide the disk gently forward
into the drive opening until it ‘clicks’ into position. The disk will
be completely inside the drive when properly inserted.

Disk Drive

Busy Light
Eject Button

10

a hk cr ko lr tc

--- Page 17 ---
eb BL

uo

At Bay]

Se a ee ed

Note: If the disk doesn't slide into the drive smoothly, pull it out,
and reinsert it. Never force the disk into the drive. To remove a
disk from the drive, push the Eject button on the front panel of the
drive. Never try to remove a disk when the Busy light is on as in-
formation stored on the disk might be damaged.

4. Move the mouse until the mouse pointer & is on the OK
button and click the left mouse button once.

Or you can press the (Return] key on the ST Computer
keyboard.

The Busy light on the front panel of the drive will light up as the in-
formation on the disk is loaded into your computer. The GEM
Desktop will then appear on the monitor screen.

sk tions

"1

--- Page 18 ---
The GEM Desktop is the starting place for learning about your ST
Computer System. Before you begin experimenting with your com-
puter, look over this Owner's Manual. Understanding fully how to
operate and care for your system will make the learning process
easier and more fun. It is especially important that you follow
the directions on Making a System Backup Disk in Chapter 4.

Note: If the GEM Desktop is not on your monitor screen, check to
make sure that you have followed the steps above or refer to
Appendix A, Troubleshooting.

Caring For Your ATARI ST System
@ Wipe off components with a moist, lint-free cloth.

@ Keep all parts of the system out of direct sunlight
and away from intense heat.

™@ Never use household solvents or cleaners on the
computer or components.

@ Keep liquids away from work area.

@ Avoid smoking near your computer system.

@ Don’t move the computer more than is necessary.
Avoid dusty or greasy work areas.

12

7 i: fe

-

» meena nrpnaerreareeoertnranrtnrrnmer

--- Page 19 ---
VVUV UNV UVUN UU UUVUVUVUEUNUEUVUE VUE EUVIO OD Be’

Function Keys ——+ /

CHAPTER 3
UNDERSTANDING THE KEYBOARD

The ST Computer keyboard looks very similar to those familiar
office tools —the typewriter and the calculator. But the 94 keys on
the computer keyboard offer advanced calculating and editing op-
portunities. The special function keys are designed to streamline
many procedures used in software programs.

Cursor Controls
Typewriter Style Keyboard Calculator Keypad

The following descriptions illustrate the groups of keys that make
up the ST Computer keyboard and explain how the keys function.

The letters of the alphabet on the ST Computer are arranged
exactly the same as on a typewriter. Press a key to create a
lowercase letter. If the [Shift] key is held down, uppercase letters
result. Pressing the [Return] key moves the cursor to the beginning
of the next line.

13

--- Page 20 ---
ee TY efor I NF sel
oor A HTS |i[D |e jif@ [ite io qifk fe _— Ht WP
ia Z PNET Ne

ae oo

The number and symbol keys have two different characters on the
key tops. Pressing either a number or symbol key produces the
lower character on the key. When [Shift] is pressed, the upper
character appears.

Press the [Caps Lock] key to produce uppercase fetters without
the [Shift] key. Press [Caps Lock] again to return to lowercase.
The [Caps Lock] key only effects the letters of the alphabet;
numbers and symbols are not shifted when [Caps Lock] is on.

eee Ne Te er i c. my Tel
ATS IF We ef ie ie faa || (ca a a
Ea) caf) Com ca ||| 7 {I

The cursor controls move the cursor around a window in a text-
editing application like word processing. Many software programs
use these keys in the following ways. The [Delete] and [Backspace]
keys erase the last character preceding the cursor and pull all
subsequent characters into the vacated position. The [Insert] key
creates an extra space and pushes back the remaining characters
on the line. The [Cir Home] key brings the cursor to the top of a
text screen. And the [Tab] key moves the cursor to the next tab
Position.

14

YVAPRAAAAAAAAAANRDR AHR AR AHA AH A AH DNyVnnnan

--- Page 21 ---
DB ON

AB AP AP OD

wvuvvue ve vevwevuvuvvVvVvVVvewe vee elUlPlUOUlUmU

wvvwevv WV

With the [Alternate] key pressed, the four arrow keys control the
mouse pointer on the GEM Desktop instead of the text cursor.
Each press of the cursor key moves the pointer 8 pixels. If [Shift]
and [Alternate] are both held down together, the mouse pointer
moves one pixel with each press of the cursor key. The [Insert] and
[Alternate] keys function as the left mouse button when pressed
together. The [Clr Home] and [Alternate] keys function as the right
mouse button when pressed together. For more information on
using cursor controls rather than the mouse to activate the ST
Computer windows, see Chapter 4, Getting Started.

The [Esc] key updates the top or active window on the GEM
Desktop. If you have a disk window opened and then insert a new
disk into the drive, pressing [Esc] changes the window display to
show the files on the new disk.

TET EEE A ee

Pe ewe lie re iy ee or Pt EI
= Nase Ne 1 Ne Pr mall
Pe Eas | cs || Coam cam Gat mila

The calculator keypad holds the numbers, arithmetic symbols, and
[Enter] key. They are arranged in standard calculator fashion for
convenience and speed in number-oriented work. The [Shift] key
has no effect on these keys. [Enter] performs the same functions
as the [Return] key when you use the calculator keypad.

D
oa

15

--- Page 22 ---
The function keys are used in software programs to perform
specialized procedures. The [Control] key, like the [Shift] and
[Alternate] keys, is held down to change the meaning of a
character. Refer to the manual for each software program to learn
what these keys do.

If you have a graphics printer attached to your ST Computer, you
can print whatever is on your screen by pressing the [Alternate]
and [Help] keys together. (Pressing the [Alternate] and [Help] keys
again will stop the printing process.) This function is the same as
using the Print Screen option of the Options menu. (See the section
on Options in Chapter 5, The Opening Menu.)

LLY LOL LLL

We TM Ve TR TY fe Tie PAT || | || |

ASTER RR _ IEF

16

»eRMmANRARAAARARANRAAAAARHARARARARANRARATA

--- Page 23 ---
VIVGIGUVIIIVIVIVUVVUVVVUVUVUVIV VV Oe!

Menu Bar ——>

Floppy Disk Icons |

Trash Icon ——>

CHAPTER 4
GETTING STARTED

THE GEM DESKTOP

When you first turn on the ST Computer and load the TOS System
disk, you’ll see the GEM Desktop with three “‘icons”’ (pictures)
along the left side of the screen and the opening Menu Bar along
the top. The Floppy Disk icons allow you to contro! the information
on your disks. The Trash icon lets you dispose of your unwanted
information. And the Menu Bar gives you access to most of the
utilities and applications available from the GEM Desktop.

As you get acquainted with your ST System, the GEM Desktop and
its features will be an important point of reference for you.

GEM Desktop
Desk File View Options

The mouse is the main device for controlling your ST Computer.
But you have the option of using either the mouse or the cursor
keys to manipulate the menus. If you prefer using the cursor keys,
refer to ‘‘Controlling the Mouse Pointer With the Cursor Keys’’ on

page 19 for details.

17

--- Page 24 ---
// / V4 Y 7 / 7 S/ SLLLL LL J fo

CONTROLLING THE MOUSE

The mouse is a small box with two buttons on top and a small ball
underneath. It detects motion (direction, distance, and speed)
through the movement of the small ball. The left mouse button is
used to ‘‘select’’ and move icons and files. The right button is
used with some software programs.

To understand how the mouse operates, place it on a flat surface
so that the side with the cable is facing the computer. Then move
the mouse around—left, right, forward, backward, in circles. On
the monitor screen a small arrow called the ‘“‘mouse pointer”
follows the movements of the mouse.

VERTICAL MOUSE MOVEMENT

i Pointer
Pointer k
k k k rh Pointer
k kok RAARRRRRR |
rank x HORIZONTAL MOUSE MOVEMENT
i"

CIRCULAR MOUSE MOVEMENT

—-,

Mouse Direction

Mouse Direction

Mouse Direction

i. , £4

BRAK KAKAKAHKKAHKHAHKHKHKKAHHAKAAKAKAQAgnQgnngnnnt

--- Page 25 ---
ee vwvvevewerweuevwvuvuv eve vueevevuveueeeeeuwuwuee’e ee

SVAISSSSD LL OLLD ASS

By moving the mouse across a surface, you can position the
mouse pointer anywhere on the GEM Desktop. With the GEM
Desktop on the monitor screen, practice moving the pointer
around the Desktop.

Controlling the Mouse Pointer With the Cursor Keys

Press the [Alternate] key and any of the cursor keys to
move the pointer 8 pixels.

Press the [Alternate], [Shift], and a cursor key to move the
pointer 1 pixel.

Press the [Alternate] and [Insert] keys to select an icon.
This is the same as pressing the left mouse button.

Press the [Alternate] and [Clr Home] keys to perform the
right mouse button functions.

Press the [Alternate], [Insert], and a cursor key together to
“drag’’ an icon.

To adjust the speed and responsiveness of the cursor keys, refer
to the section on the Control Panel in Chapter 5, The Opening
Menu.

Pointing

The mouse pointer selects icons on the screen. When you point to
a word or an icon, the tip of the mouse pointer must be touching
that word or icon.

Positioning the Mouse Pointer

Desk File View Op

Desk File View Op Desk File Vien Op

IZ

Incorrect Correct

19

--- Page 26 ---
MMMM

Clicking

When you “‘select”’ an icon, you tell the computer that you want to
do something with the program or file that the icon represents.
You select an icon by pointing at and ‘'clicking”’ on the picture. To
click on an icon, press, and immediately release the left mouse
button.

!

Try pointing at and clicking on one of the icons. When you click on
an icon, it darkens to indicate that it is selected. To cancel your
selection, move the pointer anywhere else on the GEM Desktop
and click the left mouse button. If you select a second icon, the
first selection will be cancelled. (See ‘‘Multiple Selections” for
techniques on selecting more than one icon.)

Selecting an Icon Cancelling a Selection

Desk File View Options

Note: To customize the clicking rate and responsiveness of
the mouse button, refer to the section on the Control Panel in
Chapter 5, The Opening Menu.

20

FRPRR RRRRRRRRRAR RFR RFR RFR RFR RRRRR AAR ARARARA A A,

--- Page 27 ---
wvwvvevevevevevevevevevwewvwevevevevweveivrvvuvuuvivivvwvwveuvewe eT Eee

Dragging

You can rearrange the icons on the GEM Desktop in any way you
like. To move an icon, select it (click on the left mouse button),
and ‘‘drag”’ it to its new location. To drag an icon, press and hold
the left mouse button while you move the mouse pointer. A
“ghost” (outline) of the icon follows the pointer. When you
release the button, the icon jumps to its new location.

Pointer Ghost Icon

Desk File View Options

Multiple Selections

You may want to select more than one icon. However, once you
have clicked on an icon, clicking anywhere else on the screen will
cancel your first selection.

There are two methods to select more than one icon. The first
method is to press and hold the left mouse button while the mouse
pointer is nearby (but not touching) the icons you want to select.
Then drag the pointer across the desired icons. As you drag the
pointer, a small box will form around the icons, and every icon
inside that box will be selected after you release the left mouse
button.

21

--- Page 28 ---
The second method for selecting more than one icon is to hold
down the [Shift] key on the keyboard while you click on the icons. _
This is a convenient method when the icons are not in sequence
and cannot be separated from each other within a large box.

Remember, if you want to cancel your selection, move the mouse
pointer anywhere else on the GEM Desktop and click the left
mouse button once.

TAKING A TOUR OF THE GEM DESKTOP
Windows

On most computers, al! the activity takes place on the full video
display screen. On the ST Computer, the activity takes place in

areas called ‘'windows.”’ Windows are miniature screens within
the larger video display screen. The GEM Desktop allows you to
have up to four open windows at the same time.

Note: The open windows in this manual are examples only. Your

TOS System disk may show a different number of bytes used and
different files.

22

frRRA RFR AFR RFR RFR RFR RRR RK RR KR RFR RFR RR KR RR RRM KR KR KR AR KR KR KM

--- Page 29 ---
rTwryraerlUhTsrerlser errr eretCOCUlerelUh rl erelUh Pelee Trlr FlverrlhcmhcrmlUlcrerclUc rTCUc rl wrermhlUc TC VTreCU rl VwerCU WTOC erlUMTrCU MCU VTChULVW Uh

MMMM Mshhe

Desk File View Options

4362 bytes us

214362 bytes used in 3 itens.

F)

Opening Windows

There are two methods to open a window. The first method is
‘double-clicking’. Point to the icon for Floppy Disk A and double-
click the left mouse button (quickly click the button twice).

The second method to open a window is using the Open option
under the File heading in the Menu Bar. Follow these steps to open
a window with the File option:

@ Point at the Floppy Disk A icon and select it.

@ Point at the File heading on the Menu Bar

@ Move the pointer until the word ‘‘Open”’ is shaded, then click
the left mouse button once.

As the computer is opening Floppy Disk A, the Bee icon appears.
Whenever the computer retrieves information from the disk drive,
this icon will be displayed.

When Floppy Disk A opens, you'll see several file icons and the
utilities available in every window format.

--- Page 30 ---
Information Line

MAM hhh

Close Box Move Bar _ Disk Identifier Full Box

File View Option

214362 bytes used in 3 itens.

Size Box

The Disk Identifier and Information Line are window management
tools. The Disk Identifier keeps track of which disk you're using
(either A or B). The Information Line tells how much of the disk’s
storage capacity is filled, and with how many items. Your SF354
Disk Drive has a total storage capacity of 357,376 bytes. To see
the remaining storage capacity of a disk, refer to the Show Info
option under the File heading on the Menu Bar.

A window is active when the Move Bar (along the top edge) is
shaded and the Scroll Bars (along the right and bottom edges) con-
tain the Scroll Arrows and utility boxes. An active window can be
sized, moved, dragged, or have its contents scrolled. Only one
window can be active at a time. If you have more than one window
open, you can make any open window active by pointing and
clicking on it.

24

, a a Va. a, a, oe. oe oe. oe a er. a oe. oe oe or or or er or or or er ae a ae ae a ae a ho

--- Page 31 ---
wvvvwv eve vueveuevuvuvu Vv ueuvvuvuvuvee eu ueue vee ea

Moving Windows

You can move a window to any position on the GEM Desktop by
using the Move Bar. The Move Bar is located on the top edge of a
window. To move a window, point at the Move Bar, press and hold
the left mouse button, then drag the window to any location on the
GEM Desktop and release the button.

Moving windows is especially useful when you need to position

more than one open window on the Desktop and need to move
files or folders from one window to another.

Move Bar Full Box

Size Box

Sizing Windows

You can make a window any rectangular size or shape you want.
First point at the small box called the Size Box in the lower right-
hand corner of the window, then press and hold the left mouse
button. Then drag the Size Box in the desired direction—down, to
lengthen the window; up, to shorten; right, to widen it; left, to
make it narrower.

25

--- Page 32 ---
MMA hhh

A quick way to enlarge a window is to point and click on the small
box called the Full Box in the upper right-hand corner of the
window. If you click on this box, the window will expand to fill the
entire screen. Clicking on the Full Box again returns the window to
its previous size, shape, and position on the GEM Desktop.

‘Close Box Full Box
2
3 5
Size Box _t
Scrolling Windows

If you want to see the items that may be cut off at the edges of
a window, but you don’t have enough room to make that window
larger, you can ‘‘scroll”’ the contents of the window. The two
Scroll Bars—one along the right side and the other along the
bottom edge of the window—will scroll the contents to the right,
to the left, up, or down.

Each Scroll Bar has an arrow at both ends. To scroll, point at the

Scroll Arrow that indicates the direction in which you want the
contents to move, then click the left mouse button.

= Lewy

Pa a a ee ee ee ee ee eee ee ee ee ee ee ee eee ee ee ee ae ae ae ee ae ee ae a ee ae a a

--- Page 33 ---
Scroll Arrows

Close Box

Scroll Bar

Desk File View Options

| 214362 bytes used in |

Scroll Bar

Scroll Arrow Scroll Box Scroll Arrow

Each Scroll Bar contains a small box called the Scroll Box.
Another way to scroll is to drag the Scroll Box in the vertical Scroll
Bar up or down, or to drag the Scroll Box in the horizontal Scroll
Bar left or right.

A portion of the Scroll Bar will be shaded when there are files
hidden that you might not otherwise notice or remember.

Closing Windows

To close a window, click on the small box called the Close Box
in the upper left-hand corner of the window. The window will
immediately close and return you to another window or to the
GEM Desktop.

27

--- Page 34 ---
Menus

Along the top of the GEM Desktop is the Menu Bar. The menu
headings are: Desk, File, View, and Options. To see the options
within any menu, point at the menu heading. The word will
become shaded and the menu will automatically drop down.

Menu Headings Menu Options

Menu Bar ——>

When you are ready to select a Menu option, point at the item you
want and click the left mouse button once. The lightened words
are options not available to you. These options require that a file,
an application, or a device already be opened. Look over Chapter
5, The Opening Menu, for detailed information on how to choose a
Menu option and how to follow the GEM Desktop prompts. Some
of the options may appear to cause unexpected results if you are
not familiar with their functions.

Files

Your information is stored in files. To see the files on the TOS
System disk, double-click on the Floppy Disk A icon to open the
window. Then examine the icons inside the window.

Note: The open windows in this manual are examples only. Your

TOS System disk may show a different number of bytes used and
different files.

28

TARAKRHKHKKAAAAARHRAAAKAAKAHKARAHRARAAKHAHRAARAA

--- Page 35 ---
ws wT vwvvuvuivevevwevevuevweivueiveweveveveveveeVveeulveC eller Cele Ue ee Ue le UE UB UB lf

Non-Program Icons

Program Icon

The icons that look like sheets of paper with a corner folded over
represent non-program files. These files contain data that are
used by application programs.

The icon without the folded corner is a program file. Program
files contain application programs. Double click on the file
“SAMPLE.PRG”’. The icon will zoom open into a window, and the
application will start automatically. This demonstration program
lets you practice your window sizing, moving, and closing skills.
To exit from the sample program, close the application window.

A third type of icon looks like a file folder. Folders may contain
several files. If you double-click on a folder, it will open out into a
window that shows additional icons representing various files.
Refer to the section on Folders in Chapter 6, Managing Disks,
Files, and Folders.

--- Page 36 ---
Desk Accessories

Desk accessories can be activated at any time, whether you are
using the GEM Desktop or most any other application. The
standard desk accessories that come with the ST Computer
System are the VT52 Emulator, Control Panel, Set RS232 Config.,
and Install Printer package.

Point at the Desk heading, then click on the option you wish to
use. For more information, refer to the Desk section in Chapter 5,
The Opening Menu.

Trash

TRASH
The Trash icon

The Trash icon works a lot like a real trash can. If there is
something you want to remove from your disk, drag the item
to the Trash icon. It will be erased from your disk.

Warning: The Trash icon works more like an incinerator than a
trash can. Once you have thrown something away, it’s gone.
You can't reach back in and pull it out again.

Dialog Boxes and Alert Messages

Dialog Boxes

When the ST Computer needs to exchange information with you,

it will show a Dialog Box in the center of the GEM Desktop. Dialog
Boxes establish a dialog between yourself and the computer. The
Dialog Box below is requesting information from you so a pro-
cedure can be completed.

Dialog Box

WAME CONFLICT DURING COPY

Current Wane:

Copy's Wane? |__,_

Enlarged Border Exit Buttons

30

CARA RAA ARR ARANHRARAARAAHRAAAHAARAAARAALN

--- Page 37 ---
eu vu eve veuevu eeu uvuvuVv Veuve Ue eM Ue eu ee oe

To exit from a Dialog Box, point at one of the Exit buttons and
click. If the Exit button has an enlarged border, you can press the
[Return] key on the ST Computer keyboard rather than using

the left mouse button.

Alert

Alert Messages are displayed in a Dialog Box. They inform you
that the operation you are performing or about to perform is
improper or impossible.

When you see an Alert Message, like the one below, just follow
the prompts.

You can drag the trash can
to another location on the
Desktop, but you cannot
place it on top of another
‘icon,

MAKING A SYSTEM BACKUP DISK

Every ST Computer owner should make a System Backup disk. If
something happens to the TOS System disk that came with your
system, you will be unable to work with your computer. Also, the
TOS System disk is permanently write-protected. You cannot put
any new information on the disk. If you decide to customize cer-
tain responses of your computer with the Control Panel, you will
not be able to save your custom changes. Once you make a
System Backup disk you can save your changes and not worry
about damaging your original TOS System disk.

To make a System Backup disk you will need a new, blank, 3-1/2
inch disk. (Disks can be purchased at any computer retailer.) Making
a System Backup disk is very easy. With the computer turned on
and the TOS System disk loaded, just follow the steps below and
read the prompts that appear in the Dialog Boxes.

1. If you have one disk drive, insert the blank Backup disk into the
disk drive and place the TOS System disk aside. When the ST
Computer requires a disk switch, it will display the message in
a Dialog Box.

31

--- Page 38 ---
MM Ahhh

Note: If you have two disk drives, insert the TOS System disk into
Drive A and the Backup disk into Drive B. With two drives, always
keep the TOS System disk in Drive A and the Backup disk in Drive
B, and follow the prompts.

2. To format the Backup disk, click on the icon for Floppy Disk B
and select the Format option from the File heading on the Menu
Bar. Click on the left mouse button and the first Format Box,
shown below, is displayed.

Formatting will ERASE all
the information on the disk

in drive B:. Click on OK
only if you don't mind
losing this information,

Co) Benet]

This message warns you that formatting will erase the disk. This
is a safeguard to prevent you from accidentally formatting and
erasing the disk. Click on the OK button and proceed to the se-
cond Format Box.

FORMAT

DRIVE ID: B:

DISK LABEL; |__

FORMA

You can name your disk in this Dialog Box. Type in a descriptive
name, like “‘System.1”. Make sure the option ‘‘single-sided’’ is
shaded, then click on the Format button. You already have your
Backup disk in Drive A, so continue on to the next step.

As the disk is formatted, you can watch the process with the
Working Box.

32

--- Page 39 ---
MMMM

The System Backup disk is now formatted and can now hold
357,376 bytes of information. Click on the Exit button.

You will be returned to the Format Box. Click on the Exit button
and return to the GEM Desktop.

Note: If the formatted disk cannot hold 357,376 bytes of informa-

tion, it is a defective disk. Place a new disk in the disk drive and

format it.

3. To copy the TOS System disk, insert it into the disk drive,
select Floppy Disk A with the mouse pointer and drag it on top
of the Floppy Disk B icon and release the left mouse button.

You will see a Dialog Box warning you that copying Disk A to
Disk B erases information on Disk B. Click on the OK button
and the Diskcopy Box is displayed.

DISKCOPY

‘SOURCE DRIVE: A:
DESTINATION DRIVE: B:

* , f/f @

--- Page 40 ---
Click on the Copy button and follow the prompts to finish the
copying process. You will be instructed to switch disks until the
copying process is completed.

When the disk has been copied, you will see the Diskcopy Box
again. Click on the Exit button and return to the GEM Desktop.
Put the TOS System disk in a safe storage place. Label the
Backup disk ‘‘Backup System disk’. From now on, use the
Backup System disk whenever you work with your ST Computer.

a a a ee a ae a

--- Page 41 ---
CEE EEE Ee Oe ere eres erelCUherermlClUErClUhNWTCUMOCUVOCUVMOCUCUVMOCUCVOMFrC UVOrCU!]OH

CHAPTER 5
THE OPENING MENU

The Opening Menu is the starting point for most of your work with
the ST Computer. When you first turn on the ST Computer after
loading the TOS System disk, the Menu Bar is located at the

top of the GEM Desktop. The Menu Bar has four headings: Desk,
File, View, and Options. Each heading has its own menu. To
access a menu from the Menu Bar, point at a heading and the
menu will drop down.

DESK

The Desk Menu contains items that you can access at most times,
whether you are working from the GEM Desktop or from within
most any ‘program.

Control Panel
Set RS232 Config.
Install Prii

35

--- Page 42 ---
SOLS LSS

Desktop Info

The Desktop Info option is the billboard for the GEM Desktop,
showing which program is loaded into the system and the
copyright information. Most programs will display similar types of
identifying information in this option. Select the Desk Info option
and the following Dialog Box will be displayed:

GEM, Graphics Environment Manager

Copyright (c) 1985
ATARI CORP,
Digital Research, Inc.
All Rights Reserved.

VT52 Emulator

The VT52 Emulator is a telecommunications program, allowing you
to send and receive information through the Modem port located
‘on the back panel of the ST Computer. The program is used most
often when the computer is attached to a modem and to a com-
munications network through the telephone lines.

Select the VT52 Emulator option from the Desk heading.
The following instructions will be displayed:

JE AHEHE RRR REE GREE BEET
* Atari VT52 Terminal Enulator ‘
* (c) Atari Corp.

Press: 1) UNDO to return to desktop.
2) HELP to configure terninal.

36

FRMRRARAR RFR RRR RAR RRR R ARR RFR A RRA A RRAHRKKRHFK A ARR AR A

--- Page 43 ---
ee NES EES Ee

—MMMMMsbhhhe

You have three options for using this program:

1. Use the VT52 Emulator to communicate with another
computer system. To use the emulator, simply type your
message. It will go through the Modem port to the modem,
over the telephone lines, and into another system.

2. Press the [Help] key on the ST Computer keyboard and the
RS232 Configuration menu will appear. For detailed information
on how to use the menu, refer to the section, ‘‘Set RS232
Configuration’’.

3. Press the [Undo] key on the ST Computer keyboard and return
to the GEM Desktop.

Control Panel ;

The Control Panel is divided into five separate sections:
@ Clock/Calendar

@ Keyboard Response Selector

™@ Mouse Click Response

®@ Audio Feedback (Keyclick/Bell)

™@ Palette Control/Color Selector

Note: To save the changes you make with the Control Panel, use
the Save Desktop option in the Options menu.

37

--- Page 44 ---
Palette
Brightness —~
Controls

Palette
Boxes

[i CONTROL PANEL
a 12:15 AN as Giock' Calender

Gi—* Keyboard
Response

o—_—'-—— -— Selector
Mouse Click

5 (1)[2] BH 4] as Response

Audio Feedback
(Keyclick/Bell)

Clock/ Calendar

To set the clock or calendar, position the mouse pointer in the
Clock window (left window) or the Calendar window (right window)
and click the mouse button. The window will reverse shading and
you can enter the correct time or date directly from the ST
keyboard. When you finish, click in the window again and the
clock and calendar will be set.

Keyboard Response Selector

Every key on the ST Computer keyboard will repeat if you continue
to hold it down. The Keyboard Response Selector controls how
soon the keys start repeating and how quickly they repeat.

The Upper Slide controls how soon the keys start repeating after
the key is held down: Moving the slider to the left makes the keys
repeat sooner. The Lower Slider controls the repeat speed: Moving
the slider to the left makes the keys repeat faster. To move the
Slider, select and drag the indicator to the desired position.

This feature is very useful for adjusting the responsiveness of the
cursor keys.

2 = ake ee xO KchU ehlUr hh hlUc Re hlUrhlUcrhlh MR hl KX OH eK Oe he hee OU le KY he KK HK

--- Page 45 ---
EE EERIE LL TOllNOOlUTCOCOCU OCU MTCU TCU TCU TWrmhCMOCUCUCCOPCUCMrmhUC WF

Mouse Click Response

If you do not double-click quickly enough, the ST Computer may
interpret the clicks as two separate single clicks. To make the
double-click response time slower, click on one of the boxes
closer to the Resting Mouse icon.

For experienced users, the slower click response time may be
frustrating. To speed up the double-click speed, select one of the
boxes nearer to the Running Mouse icon.

Audio Feedback

The ST Computer has two kinds of audio feedback: A click after
each keystroke and a bell after keyboard and mouse movement
errors. (A common mouse movement error that sounds a bell is.
trying to select another function before you exit from a Dialog
Box.) To activate or deactivate these audio features, click on the
Keytop icon or the Bell icon on the Control Panel. A solid icon
indicates that the function is active; a shaded icon indicates that it
is disabled.

Palette Controls

The Palette Controls are only functional when you use the ATARI
C1224 RGB Analog Color Monitor. The Palette Controls do not
work with the ATARI SM124 Monochrome Monitor.

In low-resolution color display mode, the ST Computer can pro-
duce up to 16 colors at one time. The Palette Controls allow you to
mix the three primary video colors (Red, Green, and Blue) to make
a palette of the colors you want. To select one of the 16 colors,
click on one of the Palette Boxes along the bottom of the Control
Panel. To modify that color, move the three sliders in the color
control section to the positions you desire. Each slider has eight
Positions. Selecting a position that is higher increases the
brightness of that color.

To reset the setting on the Control Panel, click on the Cancel

button. To exit the Control Panel, click on the Close Box in the
upper left-hand corner.

39

--- Page 46 ---
f

Set RS232 Configuration

The port labelled “‘Modem’’ on the back of the ST Computer is a
RS232C serial port. This port is used most often to communicate
from your computer through a modem to another computer. Select
the Set RS232 Configuration option and the following Dialog Box
will be displayed:

RS232 PORT CONFIGURATION

Baud Rate: EQGe 4800/[1200 || 368
Parity: ‘ODD J[EVEN
Duplex: HALF)

Bits/Char: [es

Strip Bit:

Flow Control

Xon/Xof#: (ON |G
Res/Cts: OW Ii

Cx

This Dialog Box {ets you match the configuration of the RS232C
port with the configuration of the modem you are communicating
with. Refer to the modem manual for specific information on which
parameters to choose. The major choices are explained below.

Baud Rate

Baud rate is the speed at which data is transmitted. (Baud is a
measure of bits per second.) The fastest rate is 9600 baud; the
slowest is 300 baud. You must set the baud rate to accommodate
both modems.

Parity

Whenever computers send information over the telephone lines,
there is a chance that some of the information may get garbled,
due to imperfections in the lines. Parity is a method that com-
puters use to examine information and determine whether it is
correct.

40

f RRR AR FAR KR RR RR KR KR RFR FR AR FR RFR RFR RFR RR RRR RFR RRR KR KR AK

--- Page 47 ---
ee EE EE eae Se

Duplex

When you type on your keyboard, the ST Computer can determine
whether or not you see the characters on your monitor screen.
There are two modes that the VT52 Emulator program can choose
from to handle this distinction. In the FULL Duplex mode, the com-
puter echoes the characters you send on the monitor screen. In
the HALF Duplex mode, the characters are echoed from the
receiver's computer. To select the mode you want, use the

Duplex command.

Install Printer

This option lets you select the parameters to use different types
of printers. Refer to your printer manual to determine which
parameters to choose.

Install Printer

FILE

The File Menu contains options that allow you to manipulate your
files, manage your windows, create folders, and format disks.

Desk BRGEM View Options

tne

pel
Show Info.

Hew Falder..,
Close
flose Window

--- Page 48 ---
é ff £ fo ff ia, i A . ae a
Aidit

Open

The Open option is used to begin a program or reveal the contents
of a disk, a file, or a folder. To begin a program or open a file,
select the program's icon, point to the Open option in the File
Menu, and click the left mouse button once. You can also select a
folder icon with the Open option and display the contents of that
folder in the current window.

An alternative to this method is to select the program's icon and
double-click the left mouse button.

Show Info

When you select an icon and then select the Show Info option, in-
formation is displayed on the program, data file, or Desktop item
that the icon represents. For example, the Show Info Dialog Box
for a Floppy Disk icon might look like the following:

DISK INFORMATION

Drive Identifier: A:
Disk Label; —____
Mumber of Folders: —8

Munber of Itens: —?
Bytes Used: 7288384
Bytes Available: 147456

The Show Info option identifies the disk, lets you label the disk, gives
the number of folders and items, and the number of bytes used and
available. You can use this option to manage your files on a disk.

You can also rename a file with the Show Info option. Press the
[Backspace] key to delete the filename, type a new name, and
either press the [Return] key or click on the OK button to write the
new filename on the disk.

Note: The ST Computer reserves 1024 bytes on the disk for each
file, even if the file is smaller. Depending on the number and size
of your files, the number of bytes used plus the number of bytes
available may not equal the exact storage capacity of the disk.
This is caused by the reserved byte factor for each file. The Bytes
Used and Bytes Available options should be used to monitor your
disk storage capacity.

42

RR MRR A KR KR RR RR RR RRR KR KR KR RFR RR KR RRR ARR KR RKRARARAM

--- Page 49 ---
wevevwerrlulUNrSrelwereUlmNseee ere eer eel eee eel eel eels eee elle eel eee ee ee eel elm eelmwL

New Folder

Folders are collections of files you create to help organize your
files. When you turn on your ST System, there won't be any
folders unless you have created and saved folders beforehand.
You'll need to use the New Folder option to create them. Open
your Floppy Disk icon, select the New Folder option, and this
Dialog Box will be displayed:

WEW FOLDER

When you have given the new folder a name and clicked on the
OK button, your new folder’s icon will appear in the current win-
dow (the one that you are working in).

To put your files into the folder, simply drag them into the new
folder. When the folder icon is shaded, release the left mouse
button, follow the prompts in the Dialog Box and the file will be
copied into the folder.

For detailed procedures on creating and managing folders, see
Chapter 6, Managing Disks, Files, and Folders.

Close

There are three ways to close a window. If you have a window on
your screen and you don’t want it displayed, you can either select
the Close or Close Window options from the File menu, or you can
click on the window's Close Box.

It is always a good idea to put windows away if you are not using
them. You can only have four windows open on the GEM Desktop
at any one time and any extra open windows will use up some of
the available Desktop space.

The Close option will close only the active window, not all the
windows on the GEM Desktop. The Close option or Close Box will
also close down the most recently opened folder. If you are not
within a particular folder, the window itself will close

43

