Brand: HONOR
Model: Magicbook 14 2021
URL: https://www.manua.ls/honor/magicbook-14-2021/manual
Total Pages: 27
============================================================

--- Page 2 ---
Contents
Get to know your computer
Appearance
1
Powering on and o
4
Keyboard
4
Touchpad
5
Charging the computer
7
Getting started
Step 1: Connecting to a network
9
Step 2: Activating Windows
9
Step 3: enroling a ngerprint
9
Step 4: Updating the drivers
10
Highlighted features
HONOR Magic-link
11
Eye Comfort mode
11
F10 factory reset (not available in some regions)
12
PC Manager
Download PC Manager
13
Update PC Manager
13
Using PC Manager to take screenshots
13
Learn about Windows 11
Using the Start menu
14
Action centre
14
Accessories and extensions
Bluetooth mouse (optional)
16
About this user guide
Safety information
Personal Information and Data Security
Legal Notice
i

--- Page 3 ---
Get to know your computer
Appe
arance
Keyboard layout varies by country or region. Actual product may dier
.
1312
11
10
98
a
g
ic
-
linka
g
ic
-l
ink
HO
N
O
R
 M
HO
N
O
R
 M
4
2
3
6
7
1
5
1
14
15

--- Page 4 ---
1312
14
15
11
10
98
a
g
i
c
-
l
in
ka
g
i
c
-l
in
k
H
O
N
O
R
 
M
H
O
N
O
R
 
M
4
2
3
6
7
1
5
1 Display
Displays the computer desktop.
2 Camera indicator
Indicates the camera's status. Lights up steady white when the camera is active.
Get to know your computer
2

--- Page 5 ---
3 Recessed camera
Press the button to reveal the camera. You can then use it in Camera or other apps
to take photos or make video chats. Press the button again to hide the camera.
4 Fingerprint power button
After enrolling a ngerprint, simply press the power button with the enrolled nger
to power on and unlock the computer without having to enter a password.
5 Touchpad
Provides similar functionality to a mouse. A convenient way to control the computer.
6 Microphone
Use the microphone to conduct video meetings, voice calls, or make audio
recordings.
7 HONOR Magic-link icon
Tap the NFC detection area on some Honor phones against the HONOR Magic-link
icon on the computer to use the HONOR Magic-link feature.
Do not tear o or damage HONOR Magic-link icon as it may cause HONOR Magic-link
to stop working properly.
8 USB-C port
• Connects the power adapter to charge the computer.
• Connects to mobile phones, USB drives, and other external devices to transfer
les.
9 Charging indicator
Indicates the battery's charge status when charging:
• Blinks white when charging.
• Steady white when the computer is fully charged and stops charging.
10 USB-A (USB 3.2 Gen 1) port
Connects to mobile phones, USB drives, and other external devices to transfer data.
11 HDMI port
A high-denition multimedia port. Connects to external displays.
12 Headset jack
Connects to a headset.
13 USB 2.0 port
Connects to mobile phones, USB drives, and other external devices to transfer data.
14 Camera drainage hole
The camera is connected to a water drainage hole below the computer. If you
accidentally spill a small amount of liquid on the camera, it will drain out from the
drainage hole. Note that spilling liquid on the keyboard may damage the computer.
Get to know your computer
3

--- Page 6 ---
15 Speaker
The speakers output sound.
Powering on and o
When powering on the computer for the rst time, connect the power adapter, and the
computer will power on automatically. The computer will enter the startup screen shortly after
the screen lights up.
When the computer is powered o, press the Power button until the screen or keyboard lights
up to power on or wake the computer.
When using the computer, click   >   to sleep, shut down, or restart the computer.
Press and hold the power button for approximately 10 seconds to force shutdown the computer.
Force shutdowns may cause unsaved data to be lost. Use with caution.
Keyboard
Keyboard keys may vary depending on your device model.
Shortcut keys
Press the Fn key, the indicator lights up, which means the F keys, such as F1 and F2, are now in
shortcut (hotkey) mode to perform common actions.
Decrease screen brightness.
Increase screen brightness.
Enable, disable, or adjust the brightness of the keyboard backlight.
If there is no   icon on the key, the keyboard does not have a
backlight.
Mute or unmute.
Decrease the volume.
Increase the volume.
Enable or disable the microphone.
Get to know your computer
4

--- Page 7 ---
Switch projection mode.
Enable or disable Wi-Fi.
Open PC Manager.
Switching between shortcut and function key modes
In function key mode, the F keys have dierent functions depending on the software that is
running.
To use the F keys as function keys, you can:
•
Press the Fn key and the indicator will light up. The F keys, such as F1 and F2, will then work
as shortcuts (hotkeys). To return to function key mode, press the Fn key then the indicator
will turn o.
• Press Fn+Del/Ins together to insert and overwrite content; press Del/Ins alone to delete
content from front to back.
• To make the F keys work as function keys by default, go to Settings > System in PC Manager
and enable "Prioritize functions". To switch back to the shortcut key mode, enable "Prioritize
hotkeys".
Touchpad
The touchpad provides similar functionality to a mouse and is a convenient way to control the
computer.
Not all gestures are available in all apps.
Common touchpad gestures
Tap with one nger: Left-click.
Tap twice with one nger: Double-click.
Get to know your computer
5

--- Page 8 ---
Slide with one nger: Move the cursor.
Press the left touchpad button: Left-click.
Press the right touchpad button: Right-click.
Tap with two ngers: Right-click.
Slide up or down with two ngers: Scroll up or down.
Pinch in or stretch out with two ngers: Zoom in or out.
Tap with three ngers: Open search.
Get to know your computer
6

--- Page 9 ---
Slide up with three ngers: See all open windows.
Slide down with three ngers: Show the desktop.
Slide left or right with three ngers: Switch between open windows.
Tap with four ngers: Open action centre.
Modify touchpad settings
You can modify touchpad settings to suit your own preferences.
1 Click   >   to open Settings.
2 On the Settings screen, click Bluetooth & devices > Touchpad to:
•
Enable or disable the touchpad.
• Automatically enable or disable the touchpad when a mouse is connected.
• Change the touchpad scroll direction.
• Congure touchpad gestures.
Charging the computer
The computer will display a prompt when the battery is running low. If you see this prompt,
charge your computer as soon as possible or it will aect your normal use.
Charging the computer with a power adapter
The computer features a non-removable rechargeable battery. Connect the power adapter
and charging cable to charge the computer. The battery charges more quickly when the
computer is powered o or in Sleep mode.
 
Get to know your computer
7

--- Page 10 ---
Safety information
• Charge the computer at room temperature in a well-ventilated, shaded area. Charging the
computer in hot environments may damage the internal components.
• Charging duration may vary based on the ambient temperature and battery use.
• It is normal for the computer to become warm after prolonged use or charging. If it
becomes hot to the touch, disable non-essential features and disconnect the charger.
• The battery is subject to wear over time. If the computer's standby time appears to have
fallen, do not attempt to replace the battery by yourself. Instead, take the computer and
proof of purchase to an authorised Honor Customer Service Centre for assistance.
Get to know your computer
8

--- Page 11 ---
Getting started
Step 1: Connecting to a network
Click   in the lower right corner of the desktop. Select a Wi-Fi network and follow the
instructions to establish a connection.
 
Step 2: Activating Windows
Windows will activate automatically when you connect to the Internet for the rst time. Click
 > Settings > System > Activation to check if Windows has been activated.
If Windows cannot be activated, restart the computer, connect to the network, and try again. If
the issue persists, connect to a dierent network or wait a while before trying again.
If Windows is not activated, some features on your computer may be restricted.
Step 3: enroling a ngerprint
If you skipped the ngerprint enrolment process during the initial setup, click 
 > Settings
> Accounts > Sign-in options > Fingerprint recognition (Windows Hello). Select Windows
Hello Fingerprint, then follow the instructions to enrol your ngerprint.
•
Ensure that your ngertips are clean and dry, or your ngerprint may not be enroled correctly.
• Each user can enrol up to 10 ngerprints.
 
9

--- Page 12 ---
Step 4: Updating the drivers
You can manage drivers in PC Manager. If driver updates are available, follow the instructions
to complete the updates.
Check and update your drivers regularly to improve the stability and performance of the
computer.
Getting started
10

--- Page 13 ---
Highlighted features
HONOR Magic-link
More than just a tap: Project a virtual version of your phone on the laptop. Control apps and
les on your phone easily using your laptop. Drag to transfer les instantly between the two
and share clipboards.
• Multi-Screen Collaboration: Easily access phone apps and les on the computer, as well as
answer voice and video calls to your phone. Drag and drop to transfer les between your
phone and computer.
• Sharing les: Tap your phone on the computer to share les. Shake your phone to record
the computer screen.
•
Sync data: Copy content from your phone to the computer and vice versa with a shared
clipboard. Updated les on your phone can also be automatically synced to the computer.
 
Eye Comfort mode
Enable Eye Comfort mode when using the computer for prolonged periods to prevent eye
strain and fatigue.
Right-click any empty space on the desktop, click Show more options > Display Manager,
and enable Eye Comfort.
The screen will have a slightly yellow hue when Eye Comfort mode is enabled.
11

--- Page 14 ---
F10 factory reset (not available in some regions)
The computer's built-in F10 factory reset feature can quickly restore your computer to its initial
or factory state.
• All data on the C drive will be deleted during a factory reset. Make sure to back up your data
before proceeding.
• This feature is not available in some countries and regions.
1 Connect the computer to the power adapter. Then, press the Power button, and press F10
for multiple times constantly or hold F10 to access the restore screen.
2 Follow the instructions to perform a factory reset.
Highlighted features
12

--- Page 15 ---
PC Manager
Download PC Manager
1 Open the ocial Honor website https://www.hihonor.com, enter the product name and
search, select the product you want to learn more about in the search results.
2
In Driver Download, nd PC Manager and click Download.
Update PC Manager
1 Open PC Manager, click the icon   and select Settings.
2
Select Updates and enable Auto-update PC Manager, your computer will automatically
update PC Manager when not in use.
Using PC Manager to take screenshots
1 Click the PC Manager icon   in the taskbar.
2 Click   to capture the current screen.
You can view your screenshots in the HONOR Share folder on the drive.
13

--- Page 16 ---
Learn about Windows 11
Using the Start menu
Use the Start menu to access apps, settings, and les on your computer.
Click   to open the Start menu.
 
3
2
1
• Click   to change, lock, or sign out of the current user account.
• Click 
 to sleep, shut down, or restart the computer.
•  is the search area: enter the content to be searched here.
•  is the application area: drag up and down to see all applications and programs.
•
3
 is the recent les area: shows recently opened les and new applications.
Action centre
In the action centre, you can quickly turn on or o features or change the settings.
Press Win+a to open the action centre. You can then:
• Quickly open Settings, projection options, and more.
• Quickly access frequently used settings (such as Battery Saver, Flight mode, Screen
Brightness, and more).
14

--- Page 18 ---
Accessories and extensions
Bluetooth mouse (optional)
The Honor Bluetooth mouse connects to the computer wirelessly via Bluetooth. To start using
the Bluetooth mouse, you must rst pair it with the computer.
Getting to know the Bluetooth mouse
The Bluetooth mouse is an optional accessory and is sold separately.
 
1
2
3
4
5
6
1
Left button 2 Scroll wheel + Middle button
3 Right button 4
LED indicator
If the indicator blinks red, the battery is low on power and
should be replaced.
5 Sensor 6 Power/Bluetooth pairing switch
Install the battery
As illustrated below, remove the battery cover from the mark located at the bottom end of the
mouse. Insert one AA battery, making sure to match the + and - signs in the battery
compartment. Close the cover.
 
Pairing the Bluetooth mouse with the computer
 
Mouse
16

--- Page 19 ---
1 Toggle the Bluetooth pairing switch at the bottom of the mouse to   for approximately 3
seconds. Once the indicator starts blinking, the Bluetooth mouse is ready to pair.
2 On your computer, click   >   > Bluetooth & devices, click Add device to add
Bluetooth devices，and choose HONOR Mouse in the Bluetooth device list. Allow a few
moments for pairing to complete.
Accessories and extensions
17

--- Page 20 ---
About this user guide
This user guide is only for use with associated computers that run the Windows 11 operating
system. In this guide, you will learn about the basic features of your computer. For more
information about Windows 11 features, visit https://www.microsoft.com, or click   > 
on your desktop.
 
The optional accessories and software described in this guide may not be available or up-to-
date. The system environment described in this guide may vary from your actual system
environment. Images in this manual may dier from the actual product. All illustrations are for
reference only. Actual product may dier.
Indicators
Highlights important information and tips, and provides additional information.
Indicates potential issues that may lead to damage, data loss, and other
unexpected problems if left unattended.
Warns of potential hazards that can result in serious personal injury if not
circumvented.
18

--- Page 21 ---
Safety information
This section contains important information about how to use your device safely and how it
operates. Read this information carefully before using your device.
Electronic device
Do not use your device if its use is prohibited or if it may cause danger or interference with
other electronic devices.
Interference with medical equipment
• Adhere to any rules or regulations set forth by hospitals and health care facilities.
• Some wireless devices may aect the performance of hearing aids or pacemakers. For more
information, contact your service provider.
• Pacemaker manufacturers recommend maintaining a minimum distance of 15 cm between a
pacemaker and a wireless device to prevent potential interference with the pacemaker. If
using a pacemaker, hold the device on the side opposite the pacemaker and do not carry
the device in your front pocket.
Protecting your hearing when using a headset
•  To prevent possible hearing damage, do not listen at high volume levels for long
periods.
• Using a headset at high volumes may damage your hearing. To reduce this risk, lower the
headset volume to a safe and comfortable level.
• Exposure to high volumes while driving may cause distraction and increase your risk of an
accident.
Areas with ammables and explosives
•
Do not use the device in environments where ammables or explosives are stored, such as a
petrol station, because the electronics in the device may trigger an explosion or re. Always
adhere to any warning signs or information that may be present in these environments.
• Do not store or transport the device in containers with ammable liquids, gases, or
explosives.
Trac safety
• Adhere to local laws and regulations while using the device. To reduce the risk of accidents,
do not use your device while driving.
• Concentrate on driving. Your rst responsibility is to drive safely.
• The signals from the device may interfere with the electronic systems of motor vehicles. For
more information, contact the vehicle manufacturer.
• Do not place the device over an air bag or in the deployment area of an air bag in a motor
vehicle. Doing so may cause injury if the air bag deploys.
19

--- Page 22 ---
• Do not use the wireless functions of your device while ying or while boarding an aeroplane.
Doing so may interfere with the aeroplane’s systems and may be illegal.
Operating environment
• Avoid environments in which there is dust, damp, dirt, or magnetic elds. Using the device
in these environments may cause it to malfunction.
• Do not use your device during thunderstorms to protect your device against any danger
caused by lightning.
• Ideal operating temperatures are 0°C to 35°C. Ideal storage temperatures are -10°C to
+45°C. Extreme heat or cold may damage your device or accessories.
• Do not expose your device to direct sunlight (such as on a car dashboard) for prolonged
periods.
• To protect your device or accessories from re or electrical shock hazards, avoid rain and
moisture.
• Keep the device away from sources of heat and re, such as a heater, microwave oven,
stove, water heater, radiator, or candle.
• If the device overheats, close any opened applications or stop using it until it cools down. If
skin is exposed to an overheated device for an extended period, low-temperature burn
symptoms, such as red spots or darker pigmentation, may occur.
• Do not allow children or pets to bite or suck the device or accessories. Doing so may result
in damage or explosion.
• Adhere to local laws and regulations, and respect the privacy and legal rights of others.
Child's safety
• Keep the device and its accessories away from children and take all necessary precautions
to ensure their safety. The device includes detachable parts that may present a choking
hazard.
• The device and its accessories are not intended for use by children. Children should use the
device only under direct adult supervision.
Accessories
• Using an unapproved or incompatible power adapter, charger, or battery may cause a re,
explosion, or other hazards.
• Use only approved accessories. The use of unapproved accessories may void the warranty,
may violate local regulations and laws, and may be dangerous. For information about the
availability of approved accessories in your area, contact your retailer.
Charger safety
• For pluggable devices, the socket-outlet shall be installed near the devices and shall be
easily accessible.
• Unplug the charger from the electric socket and from the device when not in use.
• Do not drop or cause an impact to the charger.
Safety information
20

--- Page 23 ---
• If the power cable is damaged or the plug is loose, stop using it immediately. Continued use
may lead to an electric shock, short circuit, or re.
• Do not touch the power cable with wet hands or pull it to disconnect the charger.
• Do not touch the device or the charger with wet hands. Doing so may lead to an electric
shock, short circuit, or malfunction.
• Ensure that the charger complies with Clause Q.1 in IEC62368-1/EN62368-1 and has been
tested and approved according to national or local standards.
• Connect the device only to products that display the USB-IF logo or that comply with the
USB-IF program.
Battery safety
• Do not bridge the battery terminals with conductive material, such as keys or jewellery.
Doing so will short-circuit the battery and may cause injury.
• Keep the battery away from excessive heat and direct sunlight. Do not place it on or in
heating devices, such as microwave ovens, stoves, or radiators. Batteries may explode if
overheated.
• Do not attempt to modify the battery, insert foreign objects into it, or immerse or expose it
to liquids. Doing so may lead to re, explosion, or other hazards.
• If the battery leaks, ensure that the electrolyte does not make contact with your skin or eyes.
If contact is made, immediately ush with clean water and consult a doctor.
• If battery deformation occurs, it changes colour, or it overheats while charging or storing,
stop using the device immediately and remove the battery. Continued use may lead to
battery leakage, re, or explosion.
• Do not dispose of batteries in re as they may explode. Damaged batteries may also
explode.
• Dispose of used batteries in accordance with local regulations. Improper battery use may
lead to re, explosion, or other hazards.
• Do not allow children or pets to bite or suck the battery. Doing so may result in damage or
explosion.
• Do not damage the battery or expose it to high external pressure. Doing so may lead to a
short circuit or overheating.
• Do not drop the device or battery. Doing so may damage the device or battery.
• If the device standby time shortens signicantly, replace the battery.
• This device contains a built-in battery. Do not attempt to replace the battery by yourself.
Otherwise, the device may not run properly or it may damage the battery. For your personal
safety and to ensure that your device runs properly, you are strongly advised to contact a
Honor authorised service centre for a replacement.
Cleaning and maintenance
• Keep the device and accessories dry. Do not attempt to dry it with an external heat source,
such as a microwave oven or hair dryer.
Safety information
21

--- Page 24 ---
• Do not expose your device or accessories to extreme heat or cold, which may interfere with
proper function and may lead to re or explosion.
• Avoid collision, which may lead to device malfunctions, overheating, re, or explosion.
• Before you clean or maintain the device, stop using it, close all applications, and disconnect
all cables connected to it.
• Do not use chemical detergents, powders, or other agents (such as alcohol or benzene) to
clean the device or accessories. These substances may cause damage to parts or present a
re hazard. Use a clean, soft, and dry cloth to clean the device and accessories.
• Do not place magnetic stripe cards, such as bankcards and phone cards, near the device for
extended periods of time. Otherwise, these cards may be damaged.
• Do not dismantle or remanufacture the device and its accessories. This voids the warranty
and releases the manufacturer from liability for damage. In case of damage, contact a Honor
authorised service centre for assistance or repair.
• If the device screen is broken in a collision, immediately stop using the device. Do not touch
or attempt to remove the broken parts. Promptly contact a Honor authorised service centre.
Disposal and recycling information
The symbol on the product, battery, literature, or packaging means that the products and
batteries should be taken to separate waste collection points designated by local authorities
at the end of the lifespan. This will ensure that EEE waste is recycled and treated in a manner
that conserves valuable materials and protects human health and the environment.
For more information, please contact your local authorities, retailer, or household waste
disposal service or visit the website https://www.hihonor.com/.
Reduction of hazardous substances
This device and its electrical accessories comply with local applicable rules on the restriction
of the use of certain hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment, such as EU
REACH regulation, RoHS and Batteries (where included) directive. For declarations of
conformity about REACH and RoHS, please visit the website
https://www.hihonor.com/global/legal/certication/.
Safety information
22

--- Page 25 ---
Personal Information and Data Security
The use of some functions or third-party applications on your device could result in your
personal information and data being lost or becoming accessible to others. Use the following
measures to help you protect your personal information:
• Put your device in a safe place to prevent unauthorised use.
• Set your device screen to lock and set a password or unlock pattern.
• Do not open messages or emails from strangers to prevent your device from becoming
infected with a virus.
• When using your device to browse the Internet, do not visit websites that might pose a
security risk to avoid your personal information from being stolen.
• If you use services such as the portable Wi-Fi hotspot or Bluetooth, set passwords for these
services to prevent unauthorised access. Turn these services o when they are not in use.
• Install device security software and regularly scan for viruses.
• Using unauthorised third-party software to update your device may damage your device or
put your personal information at risk. It is recommended that you update through your
device's online update feature or download ocial update packages for your device model
from Honor.
• Be sure to obtain third-party applications from a legitimate source. Downloaded third-party
applications should be scanned for viruses.
• Install security software or patches released by Honor or authorised third-party application
providers.
• Some applications require and transmit location information. As a result, a third-party may
be able to share your location information.
• Some third-party application providers may collect detection and diagnostic information on
your device to improve their products and services.
23

--- Page 26 ---
Legal Notice
Copyright © Honor Device Co., Ltd. 2021. All rights reserved.
The product described in this document may include software that is the copyright of Honor
or its licensors. Such software shall not be reproduced, distributed, modied, decompiled,
disassembled, decrypted, extracted, reverse engineered, leased, assigned, or sublicensed
unless such restrictions are prohibited by law or such actions are approved by the copyright
holder.
Trademarks and Permissions
The 
Bluetooth
®
 word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by 
Bluetooth SIG, Inc.
and any use of such marks by Honor Device Co., Ltd. is under license.
Wi-Fi
®
, the Wi-Fi CERTIFIED logo and the Wi-Fi logo are trademarks of Wi-Fi Alliance.
The terms HDMI and HDMI High-Denition Multimedia Interface, and the HDMI Logo are
trademarks or registered trademarks of HDMI Licensing Administrator, Inc. in the United
States and other countries.
Microsoft and Windows are trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies.
Other trademarks, products, services and company names mentioned herein may be the
property of their respective owners.
Notice
Some features of the product and its accessories described herein rely on the software
installed or the capacities and settings of the local network, and therefore may not be
activated or may be limited by local network operators or network service providers.
Therefore, the descriptions herein may not exactly match the purchased product or its
accessories.
Honor reserves the right to change or modify any information or specications contained in
this document at any time without prior notice and without any liability.
Third-Party Software Statement
Honor does not own the intellectual property of the third-party software and applications that
are delivered with this product. Therefore, Honor will not provide any warranty of any kind for
third-party software and applications. Neither will Honor provide support to customers who
use third-party software and applications, nor be responsible or liable for the functions or
performance of third-party software and applications.
Third-party software and applications services may be interrupted or terminated at any time,
and Honor does not guarantee the availability of any content or service. Third-party service
providers provide content and services through network or transmission tools outside of the
control of Honor. To the greatest extent permitted by applicable law, it is explicitly stated that
24

--- Page 27 ---
Honor shall not compensate or be liable for services provided by third-party service providers,
or the interruption or termination of third-party contents or services.
Honor shall not be responsible for the legality, quality, or any other aspects of any third-party
software installed on this product, or for any uploaded or downloaded third-party works in
any form, including but not limited to texts, images, videos, or software etc. Customers shall
bear the risk for any and all eects, including incompatibility between the software and this
product, which result from installing software or uploading or downloading the third-party
works.
DISCLAIMER
ALL CONTENTS OF THIS DOCUMENT ARE PROVIDED “AS IS”. EXCEPT AS REQUIRED BY
APPLICABLE LAWS, NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE MADE IN RELATION TO THE ACCURACY,
RELIABILITY OR CONTENTS OF THIS DOCUMENT.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES
SHALL HONOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES, OR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS, REVENUE, DATA, GOODWILL SAVINGS OR
ANTICIPATED SAVINGS REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH LOSSES ARE FORESEEABLE OR
NOT.
THE MAXIMUM LIABILITY (THIS LIMITATION SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR PERSONAL
INJURY TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH A LIMITATION) OF HONOR
ARISING FROM THE USE OF THE PRODUCT DESCRIBED IN THIS DOCUMENT SHALL BE
LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID BY CUSTOMERS FOR THE PURCHASE OF THIS PRODUCT.
Import and Export Regulations
All applicable export or import laws and regulations must be complied with and all necessary
governmental permits and licenses must be obtained before exporting or importing the
product, including the software and technical data, described in this document.
Privacy Policy
To better understand how we protect your personal information, please see the privacy policy
at https://www.hihonor.com/privacy-policy/worldwide/.
For More Help
Visit https://www.hihonor.com/global/support/for the most up-to-date contact information for
your country or region.
ALL PICTURES AND ILLUSTRATIONS IN THIS GUIDE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
DEVICE COLOUR, SIZE, AND DISPLAY CONTENT, ARE FOR YOUR REFERENCE ONLY. THE
ACTUAL DEVICE MAY VARY. NOTHING IN THIS GUIDE CONSTITUTES A WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
Legal Notice
25

