Brand: HONOR
Model: Magicbook 14
URL: https://www.manua.ls/honor/magicbook-14/manual
Total Pages: 29
============================================================

--- Page 2 ---
Contents
Get to know your computer
Appearance 1
Powering on and off 2
Charging the computer 3
Keyboard 3
Touchpad 5
Getting started 7
Highlighted features
HONOR Device Clone 9
Phone Collaboration 9
HONOR Share 11
More Tips 13
Learn about Windows 11
Using the Start menu 15
Action center 15
Accessories and extensions
Bluetooth mouse (optional) 17
About this user guide
Safety information
Personal Information and Data Security
Legal Notice
i

--- Page 3 ---
Get to know your computer
Appearance
Keyboard layout varies by country or region. Actual product may differ.
 













a
g
i
c
-
l
i
n
k
H
ON
O
R
 
M
H
O
N
O
R
a
g
i
c
-
l
i
n
k
 
M
1

--- Page 4 ---
1 Camera Can be used to take photos or make video chats.
2 Camera
indicator
Indicates the camera's status. Lights up steady white when the
camera is active.
3 Display Displays the computer desktop.
4 Fingerprint
power button
After enrolling a fingerprint, simply press the power button with the
enrolled finger to power on and unlock the computer without having
to enter a password.
5 HONOR
Magic-link
icon
Tap the NFC detection area on some Honor phones against the
HONOR Magic-link icon on the computer to use the HONOR Magic-
link feature.
Do not tear off or damage HONOR Magic-link icon as it may cause
HONOR Magic-link to stop working properly.
6 Touchpad Provides similar functionality to a mouse. A convenient way to control
the computer.
7 Microphone Use the microphone to conduct video meetings, voice calls, or make
audio recordings.
8 USB-C port • Connects the power adapter to charge the computer.
• Connects to mobile phones, USB drives, and other external
devices to transfer files.
9 Charging
indicator
Indicates the battery's charge status when charging:
• Blinks white when charging.
• Steady white when the computer is fully charged and stops
charging.
10 Headset jack Connects to a headset.
11 HDMI port A high-definition multimedia port. Connects to external displays.
12 USB-A (USB
3.2 Gen 1)
port
Connects to mobile phones, USB drives, and other external devices
to transfer data.
13 Speaker The speakers output sound.
Powering on and off
When powering on the computer for the first time, connect the power adapter, and the computer
will power on automatically. The computer will enter the startup screen shortly after the screen
lights up.
When the computer is powered off, press the Power button until the screen or keyboard lights up
to power on or wake the computer.
Get to know your computer
2

--- Page 5 ---
When using the computer, click   >   to sleep, shut down, or restart the computer.
Press and hold the power button for approximately 10 seconds to force shutdown the computer.
Force shutdowns may cause unsaved data to be lost. Use with caution.
Charging the computer
The computer will display a prompt when the battery is running low. If you see this prompt,
charge your computer as soon as possible or it will affect your normal use.
Charging the computer with a power adapter
The computer features a non-removable rechargeable battery. Connect the power adapter and
charging cable to charge the computer. The battery charges more quickly when the computer is
powered off or in Sleep mode.
 
Safety information
• Charge the computer at room temperature in a well-ventilated, shaded area. Charging the
computer in hot environments may damage the internal components.
• Charging duration may vary based on the ambient temperature and battery use.
• It is normal for the computer to become warm after prolonged use or charging. If it becomes
hot to the touch, disable non-essential features and disconnect the charger.
• The battery is subject to wear over time. If the computer's standby time appears to have fallen,
do not attempt to replace the battery by yourself. Instead, take the computer and proof of
purchase to an authorized Honor Customer Service Center for assistance.
Keyboard
Keyboard keys may vary depending on your device model.
Shortcut keys
Press the Fn key, the indicator lights up, which means the F keys, such as F1 and F2, are now in
shortcut (hotkey) mode to perform common actions.
Get to know your computer
3

--- Page 6 ---
Decrease screen
brightness.
Enable or disable the
microphone.
Increase screen
brightness.
Turn off the camera.
Enable or disable the
touchpad.
Switch the projection
mode.
Mute or unmute. Open PC Manager.
Decrease the volume. Open the sidebar.
Increase the volume.
Open the screenshot
tool
Switching between shortcut and function key modes
In function key mode, the F keys have different functions depending on the software that is
running.
To use the F keys as function keys, you can:
• Press the Fn key and the indicator will light up. The F keys, such as F1 and F2, will then work
as shortcuts (hotkeys). To return to function key mode, press the Fn key then the indicator will
turn off.
• Press Fn+Del/Ins together to insert and overwrite content; press Del/Ins alone to delete
content from front to back.
• To make the F keys work as function keys by default, go to Setting > System in PC Manager
and enable "Prioritize functions". To switch back to the shortcut key mode, enable "Prioritize
hotkeys".
Windows 11 new keyboard shortcuts
Key Combination Function
Win+a Open action center.
Win+n Open notification center.
Win+w Open widgets panel.
Win+z Quick access to snap layout.
This function is only enabled when there is a
window in the foreground.
Get to know your computer
4

--- Page 7 ---
Touchpad
The touchpad provides similar functionality to a mouse and is a convenient way to control the
computer.
Not all gestures are available in all apps.
Common touchpad gestures
Tap with one finger: Left-click.
Tap twice with one finger: Double-click.
Slide with one finger: Move the cursor.
Press the left touchpad button: Left-click.
Press the right touchpad button: Right-click.
Tap with two fingers: Right-click.
Get to know your computer
5

--- Page 8 ---
Slide up or down with two fingers: Scroll up or down.
Pinch in or stretch out with two fingers: Zoom in or out.
Tap with three fingers: Open search.
Slide up with three fingers: See all open windows.
Slide down with three fingers: Show the desktop.
Slide left or right with three fingers: Switch between open windows.
Tap with four fingers: Open notification center.
Modify touchpad settings
You can modify touchpad settings to suit your own preferences.
1 Click 
 >   to open Settings.
Get to know your computer
6

--- Page 9 ---
2 On the Settings screen, click Bluetooth and other devices > Touchpad to:
• Enable or disable the touchpad.
• Automatically enable or disable the touchpad when a mouse is connected.
• Change the touchpad scroll direction.
• Configure touchpad gestures.
Getting started
Step 1: Connecting to a network
Click 
 in the lower right corner of the desktop. Select a Wi-Fi network and follow the
instructions to establish a connection.
 
Step 2: Activating Windows
Windows will activate automatically when you connect to the Internet for the first time. Click 
> Settings > System > Activation to check if Windows has been activated.
If Windows cannot be activated, restart the computer, connect to the network, and try again. If
the issue persists, connect to a different network or wait a while before trying again.
If Windows is not activated, some features on your computer may be restricted.
Step 3: Enrolling a fingerprint
If you skipped the fingerprint enrollment process during the initial setup, click 
 > Settings >
Account > Sign-in options > Fingerprint recognition. Select Windows Hello Fingerprint, then
follow the instructions to enroll your fingerprint.
• Ensure that your fingertips are clean and dry, or your fingerprint may not be enrolled correctly.
• Each user can enroll up to 10 fingerprints.
Get to know your computer
7

--- Page 10 ---
Step 4: Updating the drivers
You can manage drivers in PC Manager. If driver updates are available, follow the instructions to
complete the updates.
Check and update your drivers regularly to improve the stability and performance of the computer.
Get to know your computer
8

--- Page 11 ---
Highlighted features
HONOR Device Clone
Device Clone with no worries.
By using HONOR Device Clone, it only takes a short time to transfer images, videos, and other
files from the old computer to the new HONOR PC. The personal files of the old computer and
HONOR PC can be seamlessly connected.
Only support old computer with Windows 7/10/11 systems.
Transfer data from a non-HONOR device
1 On the old computer and HONOR PC, enable Bluetooth and WLAN, and connect the
computers to the same network.
2 On HONOR PC, enable HONOR PC Manager, click Home > Device Clone > This is the
new device.
3 On the old computer, download and install HONOR Device Clone.
4 On the old computer, enter the HONOR Device Clone app. Confirm that the connection
codes are the same following the on-screen instructions. Establish a connection between the
old computer and the HONOR PC.
5 On HONOR PC, select the data to be transferred, click Start to complete data cloning.
Transfer data from an HONOR device
1 On the old computer and HONOR PC, enable Bluetooth and WLAN.
2 On the HONOR PC, enable HONOR PC Manager, and click Home > Device Clone > This
is the new device.
3 On the old computer, enable HONOR PC Manager, and click Home > Device Clone > This
is the old device.
If the old computer does not have HONOR PC Manager, install the HONOR Device Clone app
on the old computer following the on-screen instructions.
4 Confirm that the connection codes are the same following the on-screen instructions on the
old computer. Establish a connection between the old computer and the HONOR PC.
5 Select the data to be transferred on HONOR PC. Click Start to complete data cloning.
Phone Collaboration
Connect your PC and phone
Connect your PC and phone to improve work efficiency by using the keyboard and mouse to
control your phone on your laptop to share and edit files across systems.
Connect your PC and phone with OneHop:
9

--- Page 12 ---
1 Make sure that the computer supports the HONOR Share sensor or has the sensor label
( ).
2 On the computer, turn on WLAN, Bluetooth, and HONOR PC Manager, and agree to the
User License Agreement.
3 Turn on NFC on the phone.
4 Place the NFC area on the phone against the HONOR Share sensor or the 
 label on the
computer until a prompt tone or vibration is received. Follow the on-screen instructions to
complete the connection.
Connect your PC and phone with a cable
1 Connect your PC and phone with a USB cable.
2 On the computer, open HONOR PC Manager, select Multi-Screen Collaboration > Phone
Collaboration > Other ways to connect > Connect.
3 Follow the pop-up box on your phone to complete the connection.
Disconnect your PC and phone
After the work is done, you can use the following methods to disconnect the devices:
• On your PC, enable HONOR PC Manager and click Disconnect.
• Swipe down from the status bar at the top of your screen to open the notification panel and tap
DISCONNECT.
• If your PC and phone are connected with a USB cable, remove the cable between your PC
and phone to disconnect.
Transfer and edit files between your PC and phone
Once the phone is connected to your PC, you can use the mouse in the phone window on the
computer to directly drag and drop files to your PC to use or edit.
Transfer files from the phone to your PC:
• In the mirrored phone window on your PC, open Gallery or Files, and long press to select
images, videos, or other files. When the drag icon appears, drag them to the PC.
• In the mirrored phone window on your PC, select images or text and drag them to the
document being edited on the computer.
For example, you can drag a photo from your phone or text from the Notepad app to a Microsoft
Office document you are editing on your computer.
Transfer files from PC to phone:
• Drag images and videos from the PC to Gallery in the mirrored phone window on the
computer.
• Drag documents from the PC to Files in the mirrored phone window on the computer.
• Drag images and text from the PC to a document being edited on the phone through the
mirrored window on the computer.
Highlighted features
10

--- Page 13 ---
For example, you can drag an image from the computer to a note in the Notepad app being
edited on your phone.
Edit files:
Drag text, images, audio, and video files from your phone or PC to an app or document for quick
editing.
For example, you can select an image on the phone with the mouse, then long click and drag it
to the PowerPoint presentation on the computer.
Open multiple phone apps on the computer
When the phone is connected to your PC, you can open 3 phone app windows at maximum on
the computer.
In the mirrored phone window on the laptop, open an app, and tap   on the mirrored window
to open a window for the app on the laptop. You can continue to open other apps on your phone.
Each window is used independently and does not affect the other.
Depending on your device, you may be able to open 2 or 3 phone windows simultaneously.
Answering video calls on PC
When the phone is connected to your PC, you can answer video calls (such as WeChat and QQ)
on the laptop. During the call, audio and video are recorded and played through the laptop or the
speaker or camera connected to it.
During the call, swipe down from the status bar to call the notification panel and tap Play audio/
video on phone/Play audio/video on PC to change the player.
• Please make sure to update PC Manager on your laptop to version 10.1 or later.
• Some apps may not support switching to the laptop for video calls.
HONOR Share
Use HONOR Share to share files fast
HONOR Share is a technology for fast wireless transfers of images, videos, documents, and
other files between devices. It uses Bluetooth to discover other HONOR Share-enabled devices
in the vicinity and then transfers files via a direct Wi-Fi connection. No mobile data is required
during the transfer process.
Enable HONOR Share
Enable HONOR Share in any of the ways below:
• From the PC: Open HONOR PC Manager, select HONOR Share, and make sure
Discoverable to other devices is turned on.
Or you can click   > HONOR Share on the taskbar.
Highlighted features
11

--- Page 14 ---
• From the phone: Swipe down from the status bar to access the notification panel (continue
swiping down to display more content), long-press HONOR Share to enter the settings
interface, and turn on HONOR Share.
Transfer files between computers using HONOR Share
With HONOR Share, you can transfer documents, photos, videos, and other files to multiple
nearby Honor computers in a wireless way.
1 On the PCs receiving the file, enable HONOR Share and make sure Discoverable to other
devices is turned on.
2 Go to the PC with the file and send it in either of the ways below:
• Open HONOR PC Manager on the desktop, select HONOR Share and drag the selected
file to the icons of other devices.
• Right-click the file to share, select HONOR Share to receive the file from the device list.
3 Click Accept on the other PCs to start the transfer.
Go to HONOR PC Manager > HONOR Share > Open received files on the devices receiving
the file to see the received files.
Share files between the PC and phone using HONOR Share
Share, view, and edit files between your computer and your HONOR phone without the need for
a data cable.
From PC to phone:
1 Enable Bluetooth on the phone and PC.
2 Go to HONOR PC Manager > HONOR Share on the PC and make sure Discoverable to
other devices is turned on.
3 Go to the phone, swipe down from the status bar to access the notification panel (continue
swiping down to display more content), long-press HONOR Share to enter the settings
interface, and turn on HONOR Share.
4 Select the file to send on the PC, right-click with the mouse and go to Display more options
> HONOR Share. The computer will search for phones that have HONOR Share enabled.
Select the phone to receive the file.
You can also open HONOR PC Manager on the PC, select HONOR Share and drag the selected
file to the icons of other devices.
5 Follow on-screen prompts to receive the file on the phone.
From phone to PC:
1 Enable Bluetooth on the phone and PC.
2 Go to the phone, Swipe down from the status bar to access the notification panel (continue
swiping down to display more content), long-press HONOR Share to enter the settings
interface, and turn on HONOR Share.
Highlighted features
12

--- Page 15 ---
3 Go to HONOR PC Manager > HONOR Share on the PC and make sure Discoverable to
other devices is turned on.
4 Long press the file to be shared on your phone, tap   > HONOR Share, select the name
of the PC and receive the file on that PC.
5 Follow on-screen instructions to receive the file on the PC.
Please update HONOR PC Manager to the latest version.
More Tips
Touch the power button to unlock with fingerprint ID
If the PC is locked, touch the power button with your enrolled finger to unlock the PC.
1 On the taskbar, click the Windows Key > Settings> Account > Login Options >
Fingerprint ID to verify or set the account password and PIN.
2 Follow the on-screen prompts to enroll your fingerprint on the power button.
The location of the fingerprint sensor varies by model.
Copy text in the image
Recognize text in images with one click. Copy, edit the text, and perform other operations
without having to type.
Method 1:
1 Left-click HONOR PC Manager on the taskbar.
2 Tap  . After the screen is captured, the text recognition result appears to the right of the
image.
3 In the text recognition result box, select the desired text and press CTRL + C to copy the text.
Method 2:
Open an existing image using the image viewer and perform text recognition.
Place the phone on the computer to record the computer screen
After the phone is connected to the computer, place the phone on the computer to project and
record games, videos, and other contents displayed on the computer screen.
1 After the phone is connected to the computer, touch the NFC area on the back of the phone
against the HONOR Share sensor on the computer or the   label until you hear the prompt
tone or vibration to project and record the computer screen.
2 Tap   on the phone to stop the recording. The recording is automatically saved to the
Gallery on your phone.
This feature works for computers empowered by Intel processors only.
Highlighted features
13

--- Page 16 ---
Care for your eyes with the Eye Comfort mode
It is darker at night. If you need to continue working or studying for a long time, you can turn on
the Eye Comfort mode to effectively reduce blue light radiation and adjust the screen to a
warmer tone to protect your eyes.
Right-click on the desktop, go to More Options > Display Manager, and turn on or off Eye
Comfort.
• After turning on the Eye Comfort mode, the screen will become a little yellowish. This is normal.
• If you uninstall HONOR PC Manager, you will not be able to use this feature.
Enjoy high performance in the Performance mode
We added the Performance mode to deliver the best performance to you. Performance mode
can upscale the performance of the device. When it is enabled, the computer may have an
increase in fan sound, higher heat, and a decrease in battery power in certain high power
consumption scenarios, which is normal.
Keep the PC connected to a power source and the battery above 20%. Turn on/off the
Performance mode in any of the ways below:
Method 1:Turn on the Fn key, press Fn + P until  appears on the desktop. Then the
Performance mode is turned on.
Method 2: Open HONOR PC Manager and click System optimization. If   appears on the
desktop, then the Performance mode is turned on.
After you have turned on the Performance mode, it will be turned off automatically when you
disconnect the power supply, when the battery is below 20%, the computer is put on standby, sleep,
or restart. If you need to enable this mode, please turn it on again using the same method described
above.
Restore your PC to the factory settings
If your computer stops working correctly, you can use the built-in F10 system-restore function to
restore your computer system to its initial state in a short time and protect your important files.
When turning on the computer, long-press or click the F10 key to enter the system-restore
wizard and follow the on-screen instructions to restore the factory settings.
Restoring the system will delete the data in the C drive (including personal data in the Desktop,
Downloads, and Files). Please back up important files in advance.
Highlighted features
14

--- Page 17 ---
Learn about Windows 11
Using the Start menu
Use the Start menu to access apps, settings, and files on your computer.
Click 
 to open the Start menu.
 
3
2
1
• Click   to change, lock, or sign out of the current user account.
• Click 
 to sleep, shut down, or restart the computer.
•  is the search area: enter the content to be searched here.
•  is the application area: drag up and down to see all applications and programs.
•
3
 is the recent files area: shows recently opened files and new applications.
Action center
In the action center, you can quickly turn on or off features or change the settings.
Press Win+a to open the action center. You can then:
• Quickly open Settings, projection options, and more.
• Quickly access frequently used settings (such as Battery saver, Flight mode, screen
brightness, and more).
15

--- Page 19 ---
Accessories and extensions
Bluetooth mouse (optional)
The Honor Bluetooth mouse connects to the computer wirelessly via Bluetooth. To start using
the Bluetooth mouse, you must first pair it with the computer.
Getting to know the Bluetooth mouse
The Bluetooth mouse is an optional accessory and is sold separately.
 
1
2
3
4
5
6
1 Left button 2 Scroll wheel + Middle button
3 Right button 4
LED indicator
If the indicator blinks red, the battery is low on power and
should be replaced.
5 Sensor 6 Power/Bluetooth pairing switch
Install the battery
As illustrated below, remove the battery cover from the mark located at the bottom end of the
mouse. Insert one AA battery, making sure to match the + and - signs in the battery
compartment. Close the cover.
 
Pairing the Bluetooth mouse with the computer
 
17

--- Page 20 ---
1 Toggle the Bluetooth pairing switch at the bottom of the mouse to   for approximately 3
seconds. Once the indicator starts blinking, the Bluetooth mouse is ready to pair.
2 On your computer, click   >   > Bluetooth & devices, click Add device to add
Bluetooth devices，and choose HONOR Mouse in the Bluetooth device list. Allow a few
moments for pairing to complete.
Accessories and extensions
18

--- Page 21 ---
About this user guide
This user guide is only for use with associated computers that run the Windows 11 operating
system. In this guide, you will learn about the basic features of your computer. For more
information about Windows 11 features, visit https://www.microsoft.com, or click   >   on
your desktop.
 
The optional accessories and software described in this guide may not be available or up-to-
date. The system environment described in this guide may vary from your actual system
environment. Images in this manual may differ from the actual product. All illustrations are for
reference only. Actual product may differ.
Indicators
Highlights important information and tips, and provides additional information.
Indicates potential issues that may lead to damage, data loss, and other
unexpected problems if left unattended.
Warns of potential hazards that can result in serious personal injury if not
circumvented.
19

--- Page 22 ---
Safety information
This section contains important information about the operation of your device. It also contains
information about how to use the device safely. Read this information carefully before using your
device.
Electronic device
Do not use your device if using the device is prohibited. Do not use the device if doing so causes
danger or interference with other electronic devices.
Interference with medical equipment
• Follow rules and regulations set forth by hospitals and health care facilities. Do not use your
device where prohibited.
• Some wireless devices may affect the performance of hearing aids or pacemakers. Consult
your service provider for more information.
• Pacemaker manufacturers recommend that a minimum distance of 15 cm be maintained
between a device and a pacemaker to prevent potential interference with the pacemaker. If
using a pacemaker, hold the device on the side opposite the pacemaker and do not carry the
device in your front pocket.
Protecting your hearing when using a headset
•  To prevent possible hearing damage, do not listen at high volume levels for long periods.
• Using a headset at high volumes may damage your hearing. To reduce this risk, lower the
headset volume to a safe and comfortable level.
• Exposure to high volumes while driving may cause distraction and increase your risk of an
accident.
Areas with flammables and explosives
• Do not use the device where flammables or explosives are stored (in a gas station, oil depot,
or chemical plant, for example). Using your device in these environments increases the risk of
explosion or fire. In addition, follow the instructions indicated in text or symbols.
• Do not store or transport the device in containers with flammable liquids, gases, or explosives.
Traffic security
• Observe local laws and regulations while using the device. To reduce the risk of accidents, do
not use your wireless device while driving.
• Concentrate on driving. Your first responsibility is to drive safely.
• RF signals may affect the electronic systems of motor vehicles. For more information, consult
the vehicle manufacturer.
• Do not place the device over the air bag or in the air bag deployment area in a motor vehicle.
Doing so may hurt you because of the strong force when the air bag inflates.
20

--- Page 23 ---
• Wireless devices may interfere with the airplane's flight system. Do not use your device where
wireless devices are not allowed according to the airplane company's regulations.
Operating environment
• Avoid dusty, damp, or dirty environments. Avoid magnetic fields. Using the device in these
environments may result in circuit malfunctions.
• Do not use your device during thunderstorms to protect your device against any danger
caused by lightning.
• Ideal operating temperatures are 0 °C to 35 °C. Ideal storage temperatures are -10 °C to +45
°C. Extreme heat or cold may damage your device or accessories.
• Do not expose your device to direct sunlight (such as on a car dashboard) for prolonged
periods.
• To protect your device or accessories from fire or electrical shock hazards, avoid rain and
moisture.
• Keep the device away from sources of heat and fire, such as a heater, microwave oven, stove,
water heater, radiator, or candle.
• Stop using your device or applications for a while if the device is overheated. If skin is exposed
to an overheated device for an extended period, low temperature burn symptoms, such as red
spots and darker pigmentation, may occur.
• Do not allow children or pets to bite or suck the device or accessories. Doing so may result in
damage or explosion.
• Observe local laws and regulations, and respect the privacy and legal rights of others.
Child's safety
• Comply with all precautions with regard to child's safety. Letting children play with the device or
its accessories may be dangerous. The device includes detachable parts that may present a
choking hazard. Keep away from children.
• The device and its accessories are not intended for use by children. Children should only use
the device with adult supervision.
Accessories
• Using an unapproved or incompatible power adapter, charger or battery may cause fire,
explosion or other hazards.
• Choose only accessories approved for use with this model by the device manufacturer. The
use of any other types of accessories may void the warranty, may violate local regulations and
laws, and may be dangerous. Please contact your retailer for information about the availability
of approved accessories in your area.
Charger safety
• For pluggable devices, the socket-outlet shall be installed near the devices and shall be easily
accessible.
• Unplug the charger from electrical outlets and the device when not in use.
Safety information
21

--- Page 24 ---
• Do not drop or cause an impact to the charger.
• If the power cable is damaged (for example, the cord is exposed or broken), or the plug
loosens, stop using it at once. Continued use may lead to electric shocks, short circuits, or fire.
• Do not touch the power cord with wet hands or pull the power cord to disconnect the charger.
• Do not touch the device or the charger with wet hands. Doing so may lead to short circuits,
malfunctions, or electric shocks.
• Ensure that the charger meets the requirements of Clause Q.1 in IEC62368-1/EN62368-1 and
has been tested and approved according to national or local standards.
• Connect the device only to products with the USB-IF logo or with USB-IF compliance program
completion.
Battery safety
• Do not connect battery poles with conductors, such as keys, jewelry, or other metal materials.
Doing so may short-circuit the battery and cause injuries or burns.
• Keep the battery away from excessive heat and direct sunlight. Do not place it on or in heating
devices, such as microwave ovens, stoves, or radiators. Batteries may explode if overheated.
• Do not attempt to modify or remanufacture the battery, insert foreign objects into it, or immerse
or expose it to water or other liquids. Doing so may lead to fire, explosion, or other hazards.
• If the battery leaks, ensure that the electrolyte does not make direct contact with your skins or
eyes. If the electrolyte touches your skins or splashes into your eyes, immediately flush with
clean water and consult a doctor.
• In case of battery deformation, color change, or overheating while charging or storing,
immediately stop using the device and remove the battery. Continued use may lead to battery
leakage, fire, or explosion.
• Do not put batteries in fire as they may explode. Damaged batteries may also explode.
• Dispose of used batteries in accordance with local regulations. Improper battery use may lead
to fire, explosion, or other hazards.
• Do not allow children or pets to bite or suck the battery. Doing so may result in damage or
explosion.
• Do not smash or pierce the battery, or expose it to high external pressure. Doing so may lead
to a short circuit or overheating.
• Do not drop the device or battery. If the device or battery is dropped, especially on a hard
surface, it may be damaged.
• If the device standby time shortens significantly, replace the battery.
• This device contains a built-in battery. Do not attempt to replace the battery by yourself.
Otherwise, the device may not run properly or the battery may get damaged. For your personal
safety and to ensure that your device runs properly, you are strongly advised to contact a
Honor authorized service center for a replacement.
Safety information
22

--- Page 25 ---
Cleaning and maintenance
• Keep the device and accessories dry. Do not attempt to dry it with an external heat source,
such as a microwave oven or hair dryer.
• Do not expose your device or accessories to extreme heat or cold. These environments may
interfere with proper function and may lead to fire or explosion.
• Avoid collision, which may lead to device malfunctions, overheating, fire, or explosion.
• Before you clean or maintain the device, stop using it, stop all applications, and disconnect all
cables connected to it.
• Do not use any chemical detergent, powder, or other chemical agents (such as alcohol and
benzene) to clean the device or accessories. These substances may cause damage to parts or
present a fire hazard. Use a clean, soft, and dry cloth to clean the device and accessories.
• Do not place magnetic stripe cards, such as credit cards and phone cards, near the device for
extended periods of time. Otherwise the magnetic stripe cards may be damaged.
• Do not dismantle or remanufacture the device and its accessories. This voids the warranty and
releases the manufacturer from liability for damage. In case of damage, contact a Honor
authorized service center for assistance or repair.
• If the device screen is broken in a collision, immediately stop using the device. Do not touch or
attempt to remove the broken parts. Promptly contact a Honor authorized service center.
Disposal and recycling information
The symbol on the product, battery, literature, or packaging means that the products and
batteries should be taken to separate waste collection points designated by local authorities at
the end of the lifespan. This will ensure that EEE waste is recycled and treated in a manner that
conserves valuable materials and protects human health and the environment.
For more information, please contact your local authorities, retailer, or household waste disposal
service or visit the website https://www.hihonor.com/.
Reduction of hazardous substances
This device and its electrical accessories comply with local applicable rules on the restriction of
the use of certain hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment, such as EU
REACH regulation, RoHS and Batteries (where included) directive. For declarations of
conformity about REACH and RoHS, please visit the website https://www.hihonor.com/global/
legal/certification/.
Restrictions in Norway
Use of this radio equipment is not allowed in the geographical area within a radius of 20 km from
the center of Ny-Ålesund, Svalbard.
Safety information
23

--- Page 26 ---
Personal Information and Data Security
The use of some functions or third-party applications on your device could result in your
personal information and data being lost or becoming accessible to others. Use the following
measures to help you protect your personal information:
• Put your device in a safe place to prevent unauthorized use.
• Set your device screen to lock and set a password or unlock pattern.
• Do not open messages or emails from strangers to prevent your device from becoming
infected with a virus.
• When using your device to browse the Internet, do not visit websites that might pose a security
risk to avoid your personal information from being stolen.
• If you use services such as the portable Wi-Fi hotspot or Bluetooth, set passwords for these
services to prevent unauthorized access. Turn these services off when they are not in use.
• Install device security software and regularly scan for viruses.
• Using unauthorized third-party software to update your device may damage your device or put
your personal information at risk. It is recommended that you update through your device's
online update feature or download official update packages for your device model from Honor.
• Be sure to obtain third-party applications from a legitimate source. Downloaded third-party
applications should be scanned for viruses.
• Install security software or patches released by Honor or authorized third-party application
providers.
• Some applications require and transmit location information. As a result, a third-party may be
able to share your location information.
• Some third-party application providers may collect detection and diagnostic information on
your device to improve their products and services.
24

--- Page 27 ---
Legal Notice
Copyright © Honor Device Co., Ltd. 2022. All rights reserved.
The product described in this manual may include copyrighted software of Honor and possible 
licensors. Customers shall not in any manner reproduce, distribute, modify, decompile, 
disassemble, decrypt, extract, reverse engineer, lease, assign, or sublicense the said software, 
unless such restrictions are prohibited by applicable laws or such actions are approved by 
respective copyright holders.
Trademarks and Permissions
The Bluetooth
®
 word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by Bluetooth SIG, Inc. 
and any use of such marks by Honor Device Co., Ltd. is under license.
Wi-Fi
®
, the Wi-Fi CERTIFIED logo, and the Wi-Fi logo are trademarks of Wi-Fi Alliance.
The terms HDMI and HDMI High-Definition Multimedia Interface, and the HDMI Logo are 
trademarks or registered trademarks of HDMI Licensing Administrator, Inc. in the United States 
and other countries.
Microsoft and Windows are trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies.
Other trademarks, product, service and company names mentioned may be the property of their 
respective owners.
Notice
Some features of the product and its accessories described herein rely on the software installed, 
capacities and settings of local network, and therefore may not be activated or may be limited by 
local network operators or network service providers.
Thus, the descriptions herein may not exactly match the product or its accessories which you 
purchase.
Honor reserves the right to change or modify any information or specifications contained in this 
manual without prior notice and without any liability.
Third-Party Software Statement
Honor does not own the intellectual property of the third-party software and applications that are 
delivered with this product. Therefore, Honor will not provide any warranty of any kind for third 
party software and applications. Neither will Honor provide support to customers who use third-
party software and applications, nor be responsible or liable for the functions or performance of 
third-party software and applications.
Third-party software and applications services may be interrupted or terminated at any time, and 
Honor does not guarantee the availability of any content or service. Third-party service providers 
provide content and services through network or transmission tools outside of the control of 
Honor. To the greatest extent permitted by applicable law, it is explicitly stated that Honor shall
25

--- Page 28 ---
not compensate or be liable for services provided by third-party service providers, or the
interruption or termination of third-party contents or services.
Honor shall not be responsible for the legality, quality, or any other aspects of any software
installed on this product, or for any uploaded or downloaded third-party works in any form,
including but not limited to texts, images, videos, or software etc. Customers shall bear the risk
for any and all effects, including incompatibility between the software and this product, which
result from installing software or uploading or downloading the third-party works.
DISCLAIMER
ALL CONTENTS OF THIS MANUAL ARE PROVIDED "AS IS". EXCEPT AS REQUIRED BY
APPLICABLE LAWS, NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE MADE IN RELATION TO THE
ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR CONTENTS OF THIS MANUAL.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL
HONOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES, OR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS, REVENUE, DATA, GOODWILL SAVINGS OR
ANTICIPATED SAVINGS REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH LOSSES ARE FORESEEABLE
OR NOT.
THE MAXIMUM LIABILITY (THIS LIMITATION SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR
PERSONAL INJURY TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH A LIMITATION)
OF HONOR ARISING FROM THE USE OF THE PRODUCT DESCRIBED IN THIS MANUAL
SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID BY CUSTOMERS FOR THE PURCHASE OF
THIS PRODUCT.
Import and Export Regulations
Customers shall comply with all applicable export or import laws and regulations and be
responsible to obtain all necessary governmental permits and licenses in order to export, re-
export or import the product mentioned in this manual including the software and technical data
therein.
Privacy Policy
To better understand how we protect your personal information, please see the privacy policy at
https://www.hihonor.com/privacy-policy/worldwide/.
For More Help
Visit https://www.hihonor.com/global/support/ for the most up-to-date contact information for your
country or region.
ALL PICTURES AND ILLUSTRATIONS IN THIS GUIDE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
THE DEVICE COLOR, SIZE, AND DISPLAY CONTENT, ARE FOR YOUR REFERENCE ONLY.
Legal Notice
26

--- Page 29 ---
THE ACTUAL DEVICE MAY VARY. NOTHING IN THIS GUIDE CONSTITUTES A WARRANTY
OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
Legal Notice
27

