Brand: HONOR
Model: Magicbook Art 14
URL: https://www.manua.ls/honor/magicbook-art-14/manual
Total Pages: 41
============================================================

--- Page 2 ---
Contents
Get to know your computer
Appearance 1
Powering on and o 3
Charging the computer 4
Keyboard 4
Touchpad 6
Getting staed 6
Highlighted features
Brand-New Control Center 9
HONOR Device Clone 9
Log in to Your HONOR ID 10
Cast Your Phone Screen to Your Laptop 10
Share Your Laptop Screen with Your Tablet or Foldable
Phone
12
Wirelessly Cast Your Laptop Screen to Larger Displays 14
HONOR WorkStation 15
MagicRing 15
Connected Call 16
Connected Notication 17
Connected Apps 18
Connected Input 18
Tethering 18
Connected Camera 19
Capture Your Inspirations Using Camera Across Your
MagicRing Devices
19
Favorites Space 20
HONOR Notes 20
HONOR Share 21
Privacy Projection 22
More Tips 23
Accessibility 24
Learn about Windows 11
Using the 
Sta menu 25
Action center 25
Accessories and extensions
Bluetooth mouse (optional)
27
About this user guide
i

--- Page 3 ---
Safety information
Personal Information and Data Security
Legal Notice
Contents
ii

--- Page 4 ---
Get to know your computer
Appearance
Keyboard layout varies by count or region. Actual product may dier.
 











 
 




1

--- Page 5 ---
1 Detachable camera Can be used to take photos or videos. It
suppos plug-and-play and can be placed in
the storage compament for privacy
security.
2 Camera indicator Indicates the camera's status. Lights up
steady white when the camera is active.
3 Camera po is is a magnetic type of po.
4 Camera base Absorbs the camera and connects to a
computer.
5 Touchscreen display Touch the screen to operate the computer.
6 Fingerprint power button After enrolling a ngerprint, simply press the
power button with the enrolled nger to
power on and unlock the computer without
having to enter a password.
7 Speaker e speakers output sound.
8 Touchpad • Provides similar functionality to a mouse. A
convenient way to control the computer.
• Tap the NFC detection area on some
Honor phones against the HONOR Magic-
link sensor on the computer to use the
HONOR Magic-link feature.
HONOR Magic-link sensor is located
approximately in the center of the
touchpad. It is not externally visible.
9 Microphone Use the microphone to conduct video
meetings, voice calls, or make audio
recordings.
10 Camera storage dock is is a magnetic type of camera storage
which suppos pop out and retraction with
just one press.
Get to know your computer
2

--- Page 6 ---
11 USB-C (USB 3.2 Gen 2) po • Connects the power adapter to charge the
computer.
• Connects to mobile phones, USB drives,
and other external devices to transfer les.
12 underbolt™ 4 po • Connects to underbolt external storage
devices for faster data transfers.
• Connects the power adapter to charge the
computer.
• Connects external displays such as
monitors and projectors via a docking
station.
13 Charging indicator Indicates the batte's charge status when
charging:
• Blinks white when charging.
• Steady white when the computer is fully
charged and stops charging.
14 Ambient Light Sensor is sensor perceives ambient light in the
environment and can automatically adjust
system parameters.
Do not cover the ambient light sensor with
objects.
15 Headset jack Connects to a headset.
16 HDMI po A high-denition multimedia po. Connects
to external displays.
17 USB-A (USB 3.2 Gen 1) po Connects to mobile phones, USB drives, and
other external devices to transfer data.
18 Microphone Use the microphone to conduct video
meetings, voice calls, or make audio
recordings.
19 Speaker e speakers output sound.
Powering on and o
When powering on the computer for the rst time, connect the power adapter, and the
computer will power on automatically. e computer will enter the staup screen sholy
after the screen lights up.
When the computer is powered o, press the Power button until the screen or keyboard
lights up to power on or wake the computer.
Get to know your computer
3

--- Page 7 ---
When using the computer, click   >   to lock, sleep, shut down, or resta the
computer.
Press and hold the power button for approximately 10 seconds to force shutdown the
computer. Force shutdowns may cause unsaved data to be lost. Use with caution.
Charging the computer
e computer will display a prompt when the batte is running low. If you see this prompt,
charge your computer as soon as possible or it will aect your normal use.
Charging the computer with a power adapter
e computer features a non-removable rechargeable batte. Connect the power adapter
and charging cable to charge the computer. e batte charges more quickly when the
computer is powered o or in Sleep mode.
 
Safety information
• Charge the computer at room temperature in a well-ventilated, shaded area. Charging
the computer in hot environments may damage the internal components.
• Charging duration may va based on the ambient temperature and batte use.
• It is normal for the computer to become warm after prolonged use or charging. If it
becomes hot to the touch, disable non-essential features and disconnect the charger.
• e batte is subject to wear over time. If the computer's standby time appears to have
fallen, do not attempt to replace the batte by yourself. Instead, take the computer and
proof of purchase to an authorized Honor Customer Seice Center for assistance.
Keyboard
Keyboard keys may va depending on your device model.
Shocut keys
Get to know your computer
4

--- Page 8 ---
Press the Fn key, the indicator lights up, which means the F keys, such as F1 and F2, are
now in shocut (hotkey) mode to peorm common actions.
Decrease screen
brightness.
Enable or disable the
microphone.
Increase screen
brightness.
Turn o the camera.
Enable or disable the
touchpad.
Switch the projection
mode.
Mute or unmute.
Open HONOR PC
Manager.
Decrease the volume. Open the sidebar.
Increase the volume.
Enable full-screen
screenshots.
Switching between shocut and function key modes
In function key mode, the F keys have dierent functions depending on the software that is
running.
To use the F keys as function keys, you can:
•
Press the Fn key and the indicator will light up. e F keys, such as F1 and F2, will then
work as shocuts (hotkeys). To return to function key mode, press the Fn key then the
indicator will turn o.
•
Press Fn+r keys to switch the screen refresh rate.
• To make the F keys work as function keys by default, go to Settings > System in HONOR
PC Manager and enable "Prioritize functions". To switch back to the shocut key mode,
enable "Prioritize hotkeys".
Windows 11 new keyboard shocuts
Key Combination
Function
Win+a Open "Quick setup".
Win+n Open "Notication center" and Calendar.
Win+w Open widgets panel.
Win+z Quick access to snap layout.
is function is only enabled when there is a
window in the foreground.
Get to know your computer
5

--- Page 9 ---
Touchpad
Discover innovative ways to navigate your laptop using touchpad gestures. From single to
multi-nger presses, unlock a new level of control.
• Quick screenshot: Tap the touchpad twice with a knuckle to capture a screenshot.
• Quick screen recording: To sta recording, double-tap the touchpad with two knuckles
quickly and do the same to stop.
• Adjust brightness: Swipe up or down along the touchpad's left edge with one nger to
change screen brightness.
• Adjust volume: Use one nger to slide up or down the right edge of the touchpad to
modify system volume.
• Access Control Center: Open the HONOR PC Manager Control Center by sliding two
ngers left along the touchpad's right edge.
•
Window management: Tap the upper left corner to minimize and the upper right corner
to close windows.
•
Text and le management: Select text or move les and windows by swiping left or right
with three ngers.
• Screenshots and recordings are saved to: D:\HONOR Share\Screenshot.
• Touchpad gestures are unavailable if you exit or uninstall HONOR PC Manager.
• Touchpad suppo varies by product refer to your device's specications.
Getting staed
Step 1: Connecting to a network
Click 
 in the lower right corner of the desktop. Select a Wi-Fi network and follow the
instructions to establish a connection.
 
Get to know your computer
6

--- Page 10 ---
Step 2: Activating Windows
Windows will activate automatically when you connect to the Internet for the rst time.
Click   > Settings > System > Activation to check if Windows has been activated.
If Windows cannot be activated, resta the computer, connect to the network, and t
again. If the issue persists, connect to a dierent network or wait a while before ting
again.
If Windows is not activated, some features on your computer may be restricted.
Step 3: Enrolling a ngerprint
If you skipped the ngerprint enrollment process during the initial setup, click   >
Settings > Accounts > Sign-in options > Fingerprint recognition（Windows Hello）. In the
Sign-in option, set the Sign-in password rst and then follow the instructions to entroll
your ngerprint.
• Ensure that your ngeips are clean and d, or your ngerprint may not be enrolled
correctly.
• Each user can enroll up to 10 ngerprints.
 
Get to know your computer
7

--- Page 11 ---
Step 4: Updating the drivers
You can manage drivers in HONOR PC Manager.If driver updates are available, follow the
instructions to complete the updates.
Check and update your drivers regularly to improve the stability and peormance of the
computer.
Get to know your computer
8

--- Page 12 ---
Highlighted features
Brand-New Control Center
e brand-new Control Center integrates shocut switches, commonly used functions,
MagicRing devices, and HONOR WorkStation, enabling one-click activation of various
functions and seices.
• Click   in the lower right corner of the desktop taskbar to open Control Center:
• Shocut switch: Quickly turn on or o frequently used functions, including Screen
sharing, Full-screen screenshot, Screen recording, etc., meeting the needs of daily
work, study, and enteainment.
• MagicRing: MagicRing devices are displayed clearly for viewing and operation.
Various intelligently recommended seices allow for one-click connection or
disconnection, which is ecient and fast.
•
HONOR WorkStation: Open HONOR Notes, Favorites Space in one step, staing the
journey of sma oce work and creation.
• If you have exited Control Center, keep HONOR WorkStation open. Right-click on HONOR
WorkStation in the lower right corner of the taskbar and select Open Control Center.
• Suppo for the Control Center may va with device models and versions. Please refer to
the actual situation.
HONOR Device Clone
Device Clone with no worries.
T it out HONOR Device Clone It only takes a sho time to migrate pictures, videos, les,
Windows settings, and browser data from the old PC to the new one, creating a seamless
experience.
Only suppo old computer with Windows 7/10/11 systems.
Please refer to the ocial website for the Windows settings and browser data that can be
migrated: https://www.honor.com/global/tech/clone/
Transfer data from a non-HONOR device
1 On the old computer and HONOR PC, enable Bluetooth and Wi-Fi, and connect the
computers to the same network.
2 On HONOR PC, enable HONOR PC Manager, click Home > Device Clone > is is the
new device.
3 On the old computer, download and install HONOR Device Clone.
9

--- Page 13 ---
4 On the old computer, enter the HONOR Device Clone app. Conrm that the connection
codes are the same following the on-screen instructions. Establish a connection
between the old computer and the HONOR PC.
5 On HONOR PC, select the data to be transferred, click Sta to complete data cloning.
Transfer data from an HONOR device
1 On the old computer and HONOR PC, enable Bluetooth and Wi-Fi.
2 On the HONOR PC, enable HONOR PC Manager, and click Home > Device Clone >
is is the new device.
3 On the old computer, enable HONOR PC Manager, and click Home > Device Clone >
is is the old device.
If the old computer does not have HONOR PC Manager, install the HONOR Device Clone
app on the old computer following the on-screen instructions.
4
Conrm that the connection codes are the same following the on-screen instructions
on the old computer. Establish a connection between the old computer and the
HONOR PC.
5
Select the data to be transferred on HONOR PC. Click Sta to complete data cloning.
Log in to Your HONOR ID
You can log in to dierent HONOR devices using the same HONOR ID.
On the desktop, after opening HONOR PC Manager, click Log in to HONOR ID:
•
QR code login: On your HONOR phone/tablet, tap Settings > HONOR ID, access the QR
code and scan it.
•
Password login:Click Password login and enter the password.
Cast Your Phone Screen to Your Laptop
Connect your laptop and phone
Once your phone is connected to your laptop, you can use your laptop's mouse and
keyboard to control your phone. is allows actions like transferring les and editing
documents across screens, greatly boosting your productivity.
Contact to establish connection
1 To use this feature, your laptop should be equipped with a sensor, either an HONOR
Share sensor or the 
 sensor.
2 On your laptop, turn on Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and HONOR PC Manager, and agree to User
License Agreement.
3 Turn on NFC on your phone.
Highlighted features
10

--- Page 14 ---
4 Place your phone's NFC area in contact with the HONOR Share area or   on your
laptop. Once you hear a prompt tone or feel a vibration, follow the on-screen
instructions to complete the connection process.
Establish connection with a cable
1 Connect your laptop and phone with a USB cable.
2 Open HONOR PC Manager on your laptop and select Screen sharing > Project phone
to PC > Other ways to connect > Other ways to connect > USB.
3 Follow the instructions to complete the connection on your phone.
Disconnect your laptop and phone
• Open HONOR PC Manager on your laptop and select Screen sharing > Project phone to
PC > Disconnect.
• Swipe down from the status bar at the top of your phone screen to access the
notication panel, then tap DISCONNECT.
• If your laptop and phone are connected with a USB cable, remove the cable to
disconnect them.
Transfer and edit les between your laptop and phone
Once the phone is connected to the laptop, you can use the mouse to drag les from the
mirrored phone window to the laptop for fuher editing.
Transfer les from the phone to your laptop
• Open Galle or Files in the mirrored phone window on your desktop, then long press to
select images, videos, or les using the left mouse button. Long press again until the
dragging icon appears, then drag them to your laptop's folders.
• In the mirrored phone window on your desktop, select images, videos, or les, and drag
them to the document you're editing on your laptop.
For instance, you can drag a photo from your phone's Galle or a text from your phone's
Notepad to an oce le you're editing on your laptop.
Transfer les from your laptop to phone
• Drag photos or videos from your laptop to your phone's Galle in the mirrored phone
window to transfer them.
• Drag les from your laptop to your phone's Files in the mirrored phone window to
transfer them.
• Select images and text, and drag them from your laptop to the le you're editing in the
mirrored phone window.
For instance, you can drag a photo from your laptop to the Notepad in the mirrored phone
window.
Quickly edit les
Drag text, images, audio, and video les from your phone or laptop to an app or document
for quick editing.
Highlighted features
11

--- Page 15 ---
For example, you can select a picture on the phone with the mouse, then long click and
drag it to the PowerPoint presentation on the laptop.
Open multiple phone apps on the laptop
Once connected , you can open 3 phone app windows at maximum on your laptop.
In the mirrored phone window on your laptop, open an app, and tap   to open a window
for that app on your laptop. You can continue to open other apps on your phone. Each
window is used independently and does not aect each other.
Depending on your device, you may be able to open 1 or 3 phone windows simultaneously.
Answering video calls on laptop
Once connected, you can answer audio or video calls on your laptop (such as calls in
WeChat, QQ). e calls will be conducted directly directly through your laptop's speakers
or connected cameras.
Swipe down from the status bar to call the notication panel during the call and tap Play
audio/video on phone/Play audio/video on PC to switch devices.
• Update HONOR PC Manager to version 10.1 or later.
• Some apps may not suppo transferring video calls to laptop.
Share Your Laptop Screen with Your Tablet or
Foldable Phone
Connect your laptop to a tablet or foldable phone to expand and complement the screen
capabilities and improve work eciency by taking advantage of Stylus.
For the suppo of this function, please refer to the actual version of HONOR PC Manager.
Connect laptop to tablet or foldable phone
1 To get staed, ensure that WLAN and Bluetooth are enabled on both your laptop and
your tablet or foldable phone. Make sure the screen of your tablet or foldable phone is
on and unfolded (if applicable).
2 Open HONOR PC Manager on your laptop and select Screen sharing > Project PC to
tablet & foldable phone.
3 Select a tablet or foldable phone from the device list, click Connect, and follow the
instructions to complete the connection.
Once connected, you can switch between Mirror, Extend and Share in Project PC to
tablet & foldable phone. You can also change audio channels.
Only some HONOR tablet and foldable phones suppo this feature. When the screen is locked
or o, the device cannot be found.
Highlighted features
12

--- Page 16 ---
Mirror mode
When the laptop is connected, on the Project PC to tablet & foldable phone inteace you
can select Mirror.
Under Mirror, the home screen of the tablet or foldable phone shows a similar layout to
the laptop desktop.
For example, when the tablet synchronously display the laptop screen, laptop les can be
edited and saved with a stylus pen on the tablet.
Extend mode
When the laptop is connected, on the Project PC to tablet & foldable phone inteace you
can select Extend.
e home screen of the tablet or foldable phone shows the layout of extended display on
the left or right side of the laptop desktop. Click Extend > Display Settings, select the
relative position and sidebar location between the laptop and the tablet or foldable phone.
Under Extend, use the tablet or foldable phone as the second display. Open an app on
your laptop, and seamlessly drag it over to the tablet or foldable with mouse.
For example, you can paicipate in video conferences on your tablet or foldable phone
while editing PPTs on your laptop.
Share mode
When the laptop is connected, on the Project PC to tablet & foldable phoneinteace you
can select Share.
Click Share > Display Settings to specify the prima screen according to your preference.
Under Share, you can operate the laptop and the tablet/foldable phone simultaneously
with the keyboard and mouse, and drag and edit pictures, videos, documents, and other
les between the two devices.
For example, you can use your keyboard to edit documents on the tablet or foldable
phone.
Please update your HONOR tablet or foldable phone to Magic UI 6.0 and later. is feature may
va depending on your device.
Exit Projection
When projected, disconnect by the following methods:
• Click Project PC to tablet & foldable phone > Disconnect to exit projection.
• Swipe down from the status bar at the top of the tablet or foldable screen to access the
notication panel and tap to exit projection.
• Under Mirror/Extend mode, click Stop screen sharing on the sidebar of the tablet or
foldable phone and follow instructions to exit projection.
Highlighted features
13

--- Page 17 ---
Wirelessly Cast Your Laptop Screen to Larger
Displays
With Wireless Projection, you can eolessly connect your laptop to larger displays like
Vision TV, without the hassle of cables, and enjoy your laptop's content on a bigger screen.
Connect your laptop to a larger display
1 Make sure that both your laptop and the larger display have Wi-Fi and Bluetooth
enabled, and are connected to the same network.
• Larger displays include Vision TV, televisions, projectors, wireless displays, and others.
• If the larger display does not appear in HONOR PC Manager, make sure that it's
connected to the same network.
• If the larger display remains not found in HONOR PC Manager when it's connected to the
same network, download Lebocast app on the larger display for screen mirroring.
2
Open HONOR PC Manager on your laptop and select Screen sharing > Project PC to
TV.
3
Select the external display or wireless projector from the device list, click Connect, and
follow the on-screen instructions to complete the projection process.
Once connected, you can switch between Mirror and Extend in Project PC to TV. You can
also change audio channels.
When pairing the larger screen with your laptop for the rst time, it defaults to Mirror.
Subsequently, it will automatically enter the mode you used last time.
Mirror mode
Once the projection is complete, select Mirror on Project PC to TV.
In Mirror, content will be synced and displayed simultaneously between your laptop and
the large-screen device e large-screen device's home screen mirrors your laptop's
desktop layout.
For instance, project videos or video meetings from your laptop to the larger display for a
better view.
Extend mode
Once the projection is complete, select Extend on Project PC to TV.
In Extend, use your laptop's mouse to operate across displays, with the larger display
seing as an additional display. Open an app on your laptop, and seamlessly drag it over
to the larger display.
Click Extend > Display settings, to specify the prima screen according to your
preference.
Highlighted features
14

--- Page 18 ---
For instance, edit images on the larger display while simultaneously creating a PowerPoint
presentation on your laptop.
Exit Projection
• Click Disconnect on Project PC to TV to exit projection.
• Alternatively, click   in the task bar and follow instructions to exit projection.
HONOR WorkStation
Your one-stop oce space, integrating MagicRing, HONOR Notes, Favorites Space and
HONOR Share, helps you eciently handle various tasks, document creation, and material
management.
Open HONOR WorkStation on the desktop:
•
MagicRing: With HONOR Connect upgraded, MagicRing devices and seices are visible
and controllable. PC suppos simultaneous screen sharing, keyboard and mouse
sharing, and network sharing with devices such as phones and tablets.
•
Notes: Create, manage, or synchronize class notes, travel diaries and life insights across
multiple devices.
•
Favorites Space: Evething can be collected and synchronized across devices. "Drag" to
quickly collect, and "drag" to quickly access materials.
•
HONOR Share: Cross-device breakthrough as HONOR PC can share les with iPhone
without using data.
MagicRing
When devices under the same HONOR ID get closed to each other, you can access
multiple functions and seices via MagicRing, enhancing both work eciency and daily
convenience.
1 Enable Wi-Fi and Bluetooth on each device and ensure the devices are logged into the
same HONOR ID.
2 In Seice management, ensure that HONOR Connect is enabled on the device.
3 Open HONOR WorkStation, click 
 to enter MagicRing, then click an assistive ball,
select a seice, and seamlessly transfer it to another device.
On MagicRing, you can experience multiple functions and seices.
• Screen sharing: Mirror the phone screen to PC or share the PC screen with other
devices.
After mirroring the phone screen to PC, you can drag and drop les between devices,
make or answer video and audio calls on each device. You can also share PC screen with
your tablet or other large-screen devices. is allows you to edit on one screen while
presenting on another.
Highlighted features
15

--- Page 19 ---
• Connected Input: Use PC mouse and keyboard to control other devices.
Use PC mouse, keyboard and touchpad to control other devices, enabling seamless
cross-device content editing and more ecient le transfer.
• Tethering: Easily share mobile phone’s network.
You can connect the PC to your phone's network with a single click, without the need for
hotspot or password. en, you can enjoy the network without interruption.
• Photography seice, Scan seice: Use cameras of other devices to take photos or
scan documents on PC.
You can use the camera of your phone or tablet on PC to take photos, scan documents or
extract text.
• Connected Apps: Seamlessly continue using apps from nearby devices on PC.
You can use HONOR Notes on your phone to record something and eolessly continue
on PC.
To check the device models that suppo HONOR Connect, please visit:
https://www.honor.com/cn/magic-os/magic-ring-plan/
Connected Call
You can transfer phone calls to a laptop logged in to the same HONOR ID.
Getting staed
•
Log in to the same HONOR ID on your laptop and the nearby device, and have both
WLAN and Bluetooth enabled.
• Open HONOR WorkStation, click  > Seice management, then toggle on the
Connected Call switch.
•
Make sure you have turned on Connected Call on your phone.
• Make sure that you're not using Screen sharing rst.
• is function will not generate extra call costs.
• e function is only applied to the carrier’s voice call (the built-in call function of the mobile
phone), and not to Wechat or Skype.
Answer a phone call on laptop
In the lower right corner of your laptop screen, there are notications, and you can do the
following:
• To answer a call, click ANSWER.
• To reject a call, click REJECT.
• To reject a call and reply by message, click 
 and select Reply by message.
Make a call on laptop
Highlighted features
16

--- Page 20 ---
Go to HONOR WorkStation, select   > Seice management, then click Connected
Call.
• Use the dialer to make phone calls.
• Call back from the call log.
• Choose a contact to call.
Impo Contacts to your laptop
Go to HONOR WorkStation, select 
 > Seice management, then click Connected
Call.
• I. Click the Settings icon in the upper right corner and select Impo Contacts.
• II. On the left menu bar, click Contacts and select Impo Contacts.
Connected Notication
When you use a laptop to work or enteain, notications from your phone such as SMS,
Alarm Clock, and Social media, will show on your laptop automatically. You can click to
view, reply, or simply ignore.
Getting staed
• Log in to the same HONOR ID on your laptop and the nearby device, and have both
WLAN and Bluetooth enabled.
• Open HONOR WorkStation, click
 > Seice management, then toggle on the
Connected Notication switch.
• Make sure you have turned on Connected Notication on your phone and tablet.
• As a receiver, the laptop can only decide whether enable this function on itself.
• If the laptop has installed and operated the same non-system built-in app as the phone, it
will not receive the app notications. Take WeChat as an example. If you have installed and
operated WeChat on your laptop, then the laptop will not receive WeChat notications from
the phone. If you have installed but not operated WeChat on your laptop, the laptop can still
receive WeChat notications.
• To protect your privacy, notications transferred to the laptop will hide their details
automatically, and only when you point them with the mouse, can they show.
Available devices
Laptops, mobile phones, and tablets that suppo HONOR Connect.
Highlighted features
17

--- Page 21 ---
Connected Apps
When you need to continue an app that you're browsing on another device on your laptop,
simply click the prompt in the task bar, and the content will appear on your laptop,
automatically staing from where you left o.
When browsing or editing a document via a third-pay app on your phone, tablet, or
laptop, you can seamlessly transfer it and continue your work on a more suitable device,
such as a phone, tablet, or laptop.
Getting staed
• Log in to the same HONOR ID on your laptop and the nearby device, and have both
WLAN and Bluetooth enabled.
• Open HONOR WorkStation, click   > Seice management, then toggle on the
Connected Apps switch.
•
Make sure you have turned on Connected Apps on your phone and tablet.
Applicable devices
Laptops, phones, and tablets that suppo HONOR Connect.
Connected Input
You can share your laptop's mouse, keyboard, and touchpad with other devices, making it
easy to transfer pictures and les by dragging and using shocut keys. is allows for
convenient and ecient work and study across devices.
Share keyboard and mouse
•
I. Move the cursor to touch the edge of the laptop screen twice in a row to establish a
connection between the devices.
• II. Open HONOR WorkStation, select HONOR Connect, click Connected Input, and drag
the device icons to the white area on both sides of the laptop screen. en the
connection will be established and you can enter the Connected Input mode.
Stop Connected Input
On the Connected Input page, you can drag the phone or tablet outside the working area.
When the device icon changes into a device ball, it indicates it is already disconnected.
Tethering
When Wi-Fi is unavailable, easily connect your laptop to the Internet using your phone's
network with just a single click. Say goodbye to the hassle of enabling personal hotspots or
manually typing passwords, and enjoy a smooth Internet experience.
• Log in to the same HONOR ID or both devices, and have WLAN and Bluetooth enabled.
Highlighted features
18

--- Page 22 ---
• Open HONOR WorkStation, click   > Seice management, then toggle on the
Tethering switch.
• Make sure that you have turned on Connected Internet on your phone.
If Wi-Fi is unavailable but cellular data is accessible on your phone, simply position your
laptop near the phone. You'll then receive a reminder "Available network found", prompting
you to click and access the Internet using your phone's network.
Connected Camera
Harness the power of your phone's or tablet's cameras during video meetings or live
streaming on your laptop. Enjoy high resolution and eye-pleasing peormance with the
ability to seamlessly switch between front and back views.
• Log in to the same HONOR ID on your laptop and the nearby device (your phone or
tablet), and have WLAN andd Bluetooth enabled.
• Open HONOR WorkStation, click   > Seice management, then toggle on the
Connected Camera switch.
•
Make sure you have turned on Connected Camera on your phone or tablet.
en, you'll have the exibility to choose between your laptop's built-in camera or your
phone's or tablet's cameras—whether it's the front or rear camera—to suit your needs
peectly.
Capture Your Inspirations Using Camera Across Your
MagicRing Devices
When you are logged in to the same HONOR ID on multiple MagicRing devices, you'll be
able to seamlessly peorm various actions, from taking photos, text extraction, to
document scanning, and more. Photos taken with your phone or tablet could instantly
appear in documents you're editing on your laptop, allowing you to work with your
preferred device and capture your inspirations and ideas more eectively.
• To use this feature, make sure that all devices are logged in to the same HONOR ID and
have both Wi-Fi and Bluetooth enabled.
• Open HONOR WorkStation, click   > Seice management, and toggle on the
Connected Camera switch as need.
Let's say you're using HONOR Notes on your laptop.
1 Click  , and select Inse from other devices.
2 Choose the action you want on your phone or tablet, whether it's taking photos,
scanning documents, or extracting text.
Highlighted features
19

--- Page 23 ---
3 e chose action will be carried out on the corresponding device, and the resulting
photos or scanned documents will be instantly inseed into the note your're editing on
your laptop.
is feature suppos operation across your phone, tablet, and laptop. For the smoothest
experience, refer to your actual usage.
Favorites Space
Easily organize and access your favorite images, text, web pages, videos, documents, and
more with Favorites Space. Sync them eolessly across all your MagicRing devices for
convenient review anytime, anywhere.
Go to Favorites Space >   >  , and make sure that the desired seices are turned on
• To add to favorites: Long press on images, videos, text, les, etc., and drag them to
Favorites Space to release; the content will be saved to your favorites space.
• Edit Favorites: Peorm various action as needed in Favorites Space, such as searching,
ltering, grouping.
• To remove from favorites: Open the Favorites Space panel, long press on the les in
your favorites space, drag them to a local folder, and release.
• Sync Favorites: When logged in to the same HONOR ID on multiple MagicRing devices
such as your phone, tablet, or laptop, you'll be able to view and use your Favorites across
the devices.
HONOR Notes
HONOR Notes, an essential tool to improve your work and study eciency, can help you
quickly capture the eeting thoughts and inspirations.
is feature only applies to HONOR laptops.
Create/Delete a note
1 Open Notes, and click   to create a new note.
2 Enter the title and content for the note. You can also do the following as needed:
• Click the menu to change the font type, paragraph alignment or background.
• Click   to inse an image. Touch and hold the image and drag it to a dierent
location in the note.
• Click   to add a checklist.
3 On the note list page, right click the note to be deleted, and click Delete to delete it.
Highlighted features
20

--- Page 24 ---
Sync notes
Enabling Stay in Sync lets you sync local notes to the cloud. Log in to your HONOR ID on
another device such as a phone or tablet to view these notes anytime, anywhere.
Open Notes, and follow the instructions to enable this feature.
• is feature only applies to HONOR MagicBook with HONOR PC Manager 17.0 and above
installed, and HONOR tablets and phones with MagicOS 7.0 and above.
After enabling this feature, if you delete the notes on your laptop, the data on the cloud and
other devices that are logged in to the same HONOR ID will also be deleted synchronously.
Manage notes
You can put your notes into dierent folders and delete unnecessa ones.
• Categorize notes
You can categorize your notes into dierent folders, add color labels to distinguish the
folders, and edit them to make your notes more clearly classied and easy to nd.
•
View all notes
•
On the All notes list, dierent notes are displayed in dierent colors. You can also
enter keywords in the search box to quickly nd the notes you need.
•
In the left menu, you can view the notes of dierent categories such as All notes,
Favorites, and Recently deleted.
•
Your notes are organized into My Folder and Uncategorized folders.
•
Create/Edit/Delete notes
Right click My Folder, select New Folder, select the folder color that you like, enter a
folder name, and click Save.
Right click My Folder, select Edit Folder, select the folder color that you like, enter a
folder name, and click Save.
Right click My Folder, select Delete Folder, select the Folder to be deleted, and delete it.
You can create up to ve folder levels.
• Move/Collect/Pin notes
On the note list page, right click the note to be edited, and click Move to move it to the
folder as needed.
On the note list page, right click the note to be edited, and click Unfavorite or Favorite.
On the note list page, right click the note to be edited, and click Pin/Unpin.
• Search notes
In the Search notes box, you can search note title or content.
HONOR Share
Without using data cables or mobile data, you can quickly transfer les, photos, and videos
between HONOR PC, iPhone, and the other HONOR device.
Highlighted features
21

--- Page 25 ---
File transfer with iPhone
1 Open HONOR WorkStation on HONOR PC, select HONOR Share, and ensure
Discoverable to other devices is enabled.
2 Install and open Honor Connect on the iPhone, and turn on Bluetooth and Wi-Fi.
Ensure the iPhone is connected to the same network as the PC and keep iPhone's
screen on.
3 On HONOR PC, drag the le you want to share to the iPhone icon to send it. On the
iPhone, select photos, videos, or les from Honor Connect, and select the HONOR PC
you want to send them to.
4 Follow the on-screen instructions to receive les on the PC or iPhone.
• Please upgrade HONOR PC Manager and HONOR WorkStation to the latest version.
• e iPhone needs to be on iOS 15 or above, and you need to download and install Honor
Connect from the App Store.
File transfer with HONOR PC
1
Open HONOR WorkStation on the PC receiving the les, select HONOR Share, and
ensure Discoverable to other devices is enabled.
2
On the PC sending the les, you have two ways to send les:
•
On HONOR Share page, drag the selected le to the device icon.
•
Right-click the le you want to share on the PC and select HONOR Share. en,
from the listed devices, choose the PC receiving the le.
3
Follow the on-screen instructions to receive les on the PC.
File transfer with the other HONOR device
1
Open HONOR WorkStation on HONOR PC, select HONOR Share, and conrm that
Discoverable to other devices is enabled.
2 On the other HONOR device, swipe down from the status bar to open the Control
Center, enable HONOR Share, and keep the screen on.
3 On the PC, select the le you want to send, right-click to go to Show more options >
HONOR Share, and the PC will search for devices with HONOR Share enabled. Select
the device to share the le with. On the other HONOR device, long press the le to be
shared, click 
 > HONOR Share, and select the corresponding PC name to receive
the le on the PC.
4 Follow the on-screen instructions to receive the le on the PC or the other HONOR
device.
Privacy Projection
Easily connect your laptop to a bigger screen using a wired connection and decide exactly
what you want to share. is sma feature allows you to project only selected content or
Highlighted features
22

--- Page 26 ---
windows to the larger display, keeping your emails, chats, searches, and notications
private on your laptop screen.
1 Open HONOR PC Manager, head to Home > Frequently used, and click on Privacy
Projection.
2 In the inteace showing Select a window or desktop, choose what you want to project.
Click Sta to get things rolling.
3 You can change the projection window anytime by clicking Re-project.
Currently, this feature is optimized for HDMI wired connections for direct screen projection.
More Tips
Touch the power button to unlock with ngerprint
Touch the power button with your enrolled nger to unlock the laptop.
1
On the taskbar, click Windows > Settings > Accounts > Sign-in options > Fingerprint
recognition（Windows Hello）. Verify or set the account password and PIN.
2
Put your nger on the power button and follow the on-screen instructions to enroll your
ngerprint.
e location of the ngerprint sensor varies by model.
Relieve eye strain with Eye Comfo mode
Eye Comfo mode is designed for your laptop to reduce blue light radiation and protect
your eyesight. When you're working or studying on your laptop for extended periods,
paicularly in low-light environments like at night, the screen will automatically adjust to
warmer colors.
Right click on an empty space on your desktop, select Show More Options > Display &
Eye Comfo, then toggle the Eye Comfo switch to turn it on or o.
• When Eye Comfo mode is active, the screen display will appear yellowish, which is normal.
• Please note that this feature requires HONOR PC Manager to be installed.
Restore your laptop to facto settings
If you're experiencing issues with your laptop's system, you can peorm a facto reset by
following these steps;
When turning on your laptop, long press or click the F10 key to enter Sma Restoration
mode. en, follow the on-screen prompts to initiate the facto reset process.
Restoring to facto settings will delete data stored in the C drive, including desktop les,
downloaded les and personal data. Please back up your impoant data and les in advance.
Highlighted features
23

--- Page 27 ---
Accessibility
is product suppos accessibility features. For details, please refer to the Microsoft
website:https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/accessibility-features#vision
Highlighted features
24

--- Page 28 ---
Learn about Windows 11
Using the Sta menu
Use the Sta menu to access apps, settings, and les on your computer.
Click 
 to open the Sta menu.
 
3
2
1
• Click   to change or sign out of the current user account.
• Click   to Lock, sleep, shut down or resta the computer.
•  is the search area: enter the content to be searched here.
•
 is the application area: drag up and down to see all applications and programs.
•
3
 is the recent les area: shows recently opened les and new applications.
Action center
In the action center, you can quickly turn on or o features or change the settings.
Press Win+a to open the action center. You can then:
• Quickly open Settings, projection options, and more.
• Quickly access frequently used settings (such as Energy saver, Flight mode, screen
brightness, and more).
25

--- Page 30 ---
Accessories and extensions
Bluetooth mouse (optional)
e Honor Bluetooth mouse connects to the computer wirelessly via Bluetooth. To sta
using the Bluetooth mouse, you must rst pair it with the computer.
Getting to know the Bluetooth mouse
e Bluetooth mouse is an optional accesso and is sold separately.
 
1
2
3
4
5
6
1 Left button 2 Scroll wheel + Middle button
3 Right button 4
LED indicator
If the indicator blinks red, the batte is low on power and
should be replaced.
5 Sensor 6 Power/Bluetooth pairing switch
Install the batte
As illustrated below, remove the batte cover from the mark located at the bottom end of
the mouse. Inse one AA batte, making sure to match the + and - signs in the batte
compament. Close the cover.
 
Pairing the Bluetooth mouse with the computer
 
27

--- Page 31 ---
1 Toggle the Bluetooth pairing switch at the bottom of the mouse to   for approximately
3 seconds. Once the indicator stas blinking, the Bluetooth mouse is ready to pair.
2 On your computer, click   >   > Bluetooth & devices, click Add device to add
Bluetooth devices，and choose HONOR Mouse in the Bluetooth device list. Allow a few
moments for pairing to complete.
Accessories and extensions
28

--- Page 32 ---
About this user guide
is user guide is only for use with associated computers that run the Windows 11
operating system. In this guide, you will learn about the basic features of your computer.
For more information about Windows 11 features, visit https://www.microsoft.com.
e optional accessories and software described in this guide may not be available or up-
to-date. e system environment described in this guide may va from your actual system
environment. Images in this manual may dier from the actual product. All illustrations are
for reference only. Actual product may dier.
Indicators
Highlights impoant information and tips, and provides additional
information.
Indicates potential issues that may lead to damage, data loss, and other
unexpected problems if left unattended.
Warns of potential hazards that can result in serious personal inju if not
circumvented.
29

--- Page 33 ---
Safety information
is section contains impoant information about the operation of your device. It also
contains information about how to use the device safely. Read this information carefully
before using your device.
Electronic device
Do not use your device if using the device is prohibited. Do not use the device if doing so
causes danger or inteerence with other electronic devices.
Inteerence with medical equipment
• Follow rules and regulations set foh by hospitals and health care facilities. Do not use
your device where prohibited.
• Some wireless devices may aect the peormance of hearing aids or pacemakers.
Consult your seice provider for more information.
•
Pacemaker manufacturers recommend that a minimum distance of 15 cm be maintained
between a device and a pacemaker to prevent potential inteerence with the
pacemaker. If using a pacemaker, hold the device on the side opposite the pacemaker
and do not car the device in your front pocket.
Protecting your hearing when using a headset
•  To prevent possible hearing damage, do not listen at high volume levels for long
periods.
• Using a headset at high volumes may damage your hearing. To reduce this risk, lower the
headset volume to a safe and comfoable level.
• Exposure to high volumes while driving may cause distraction and increase your risk of
an accident.
Areas with ammables and explosives
• Do not use the device where ammables or explosives are stored (in a gas station, oil
depot, or chemical plant, for example). Using your device in these environments
increases the risk of explosion or re. In addition, follow the instructions indicated in text
or symbols.
• Do not store or transpo the device in containers with ammable liquids, gases, or
explosives.
Trac security
• Obsee local laws and regulations while using the device. To reduce the risk of
accidents, do not use your wireless device while driving.
• Concentrate on driving. Your rst responsibility is to drive safely.
30

--- Page 34 ---
• RF signals may aect the electronic systems of motor vehicles. For more information,
consult the vehicle manufacturer.
• Do not place the device over the air bag or in the air bag deployment area in a motor
vehicle. Doing so may hu you because of the strong force when the air bag inates.
• Wireless devices may inteere with the airplane's ight system. Do not use your device
where wireless devices are not allowed according to the airplane company's regulations.
Operating environment
• Avoid dusty, damp, or diy environments. Avoid magnetic elds. Using the device in
these environments may result in circuit malfunctions.
• Do not use your device during thunderstorms to protect your device against any danger
caused by lightning.
• Ideal operating temperatures are 0 °C to 35 °C. Ideal storage temperatures are -10 °C to
+45 °C. Extreme heat or cold may damage your device or accessories.
•
Do not expose your device to direct sunlight (such as on a car dashboard) for prolonged
periods.
•
To protect your device or accessories from re or electrical shock hazards, avoid rain and
moisture.
•
Keep the device away from sources of heat and re, such as a heater, microwave oven,
stove, water heater, radiator, or candle.
•
Stop using your device or applications for a while if the device is overheated. If skin is
exposed to an overheated device for an extended period, low temperature burn
symptoms, such as red spots and darker pigmentation, may occur.
•
Do not allow children or pets to bite or suck the device or accessories. Doing so may
result in damage or explosion.
•
Obsee local laws and regulations, and respect the privacy and legal rights of others.
Child's safety
• Comply with all precautions with regard to child's safety. Letting children play with the
device or its accessories may be dangerous. e device includes detachable pas that
may present a choking hazard. Keep away from children.
• e device and its accessories are not intended for use by children. Children should only
use the device with adult supeision.
Accessories
• Using an unapproved or incompatible power adapter, charger or batte may cause re,
explosion or other hazards.
• Choose only accessories approved for use with this model by the device manufacturer.
e use of any other types of accessories may void the warranty, may violate local
regulations and laws, and may be dangerous. Please contact your retailer for information
about the availability of approved accessories in your area.
Safety information
31

--- Page 35 ---
Charger safety
• For pluggable devices, the socket-outlet shall be installed near the devices and shall be
easily accessible.
• Unplug the charger from electrical outlets and the device when not in use.
• Do not drop or cause an impact to the charger.
• If the power cable is damaged (for example, the cord is exposed or broken), or the plug
loosens, stop using it at once. Continued use may lead to electric shocks, sho circuits,
or re.
• Do not touch the power cord with wet hands or pull the power cord to disconnect the
charger.
• Do not touch the device or the charger with wet hands. Doing so may lead to sho
circuits, malfunctions, or electric shocks.
• Ensure that the charger meets the requirements of Clause Q.1 in IEC62368-1/EN62368-1
and has been tested and approved according to national or local standards.
• Connect the device only to products with the USB-IF logo or with USB-IF compliance
program completion.
Batte safety
• Do not connect batte poles with conductors, such as keys, jewel, or other metal
materials. Doing so may sho-circuit the batte and cause injuries or burns.
• Keep the batte away from excessive heat and direct sunlight. Do not place it on or in
heating devices, such as microwave ovens, stoves, or radiators. Batteries may explode if
overheated.
• Do not attempt to modify or remanufacture the batte, inse foreign objects into it, or
immerse or expose it to water or other liquids. Doing so may lead to re, explosion, or
other hazards.
•
If the batte leaks, ensure that the electrolyte does not make direct contact with your
skins or eyes. If the electrolyte touches your skins or splashes into your eyes, immediately
ush with clean water and consult a doctor.
• In case of batte deformation, color change, or overheating while charging or storing,
immediately stop using the device and remove the batte. Continued use may lead to
batte leakage, re, or explosion.
• Do not put batteries in re as they may explode. Damaged batteries may also explode.
• Dispose of used batteries in accordance with local regulations. Improper batte use may
lead to re, explosion, or other hazards.
• Do not allow children or pets to bite or suck the batte. Doing so may result in damage
or explosion.
• Do not smash or pierce the batte, or expose it to high external pressure. Doing so may
lead to a sho circuit or overheating.
Safety information
32

--- Page 36 ---
• Do not drop the device or batte. If the device or batte is dropped, especially on a
hard suace, it may be damaged.
• If the device standby time shoens signicantly, replace the batte.
• is device contains a built-in batte. Do not attempt to replace the batte by yourself.
Otherwise, the device may not run properly or the batte may get damaged. For your
personal safety and to ensure that your device runs properly, you are strongly advised to
contact a Honor authorized seice center for a replacement.
Cleaning and maintenance
• Keep the device and accessories d. Do not attempt to d it with an external heat
source, such as a microwave oven or hair der.
• Do not expose your device or accessories to extreme heat or cold. ese environments
may inteere with proper function and may lead to re or explosion.
• Avoid collision, which may lead to device malfunctions, overheating, re, or explosion.
•
Before you clean or maintain the device, stop using it, stop all applications, and
disconnect all cables connected to it.
•
Do not use any chemical detergent, powder, or other chemical agents (such as alcohol
and benzene) to clean the device or accessories. ese substances may cause damage
to pas or present a re hazard. Use a clean, soft, and d cloth to clean the device and
accessories.
•
Do not place magnetic stripe cards, such as credit cards and phone cards, near the
device for extended periods of time. Otherwise the magnetic stripe cards may be
damaged.
•
Do not dismantle or remanufacture the device and its accessories. is voids the
warranty and releases the manufacturer from liability for damage. In case of damage,
contact a Honor authorized seice center for assistance or repair.
• If the device screen is broken in a collision, immediately stop using the device. Do not
touch or attempt to remove the broken pas. Promptly contact a Honor authorized
seice center.
Disposal and recycling information
e symbol on the product, batte, literature, or packaging means that the products and
batteries should be taken to separate waste collection points designated by local
authorities at the end of the lifespan. is will ensure that EEE waste is recycled and
treated in a manner that consees valuable materials and protects human health and the
environment.
For more information, please contact your local authorities, retailer, or household waste
disposal seice or visit the website https://www.honor.com/.
Safety information
33

--- Page 37 ---
Reduction of hazardous substances
is device and its electrical accessories comply with local applicable rules on the
restriction of the use of ceain hazardous substances in electrical and electronic
equipment, such as EU REACH regulation, RoHS and Batteries (where included) directive.
For declarations of conformity about REACH and RoHS, please visit the website https://
www.honor.com/global/legal/ceication/.
Restrictions in Norway
Use of this radio equipment is not allowed in the geographical area within a radius of 20 km
from the center of Ny-Ålesund, Svalbard.
Safety information
34

--- Page 38 ---
Personal Information and Data Security
e use of some functions or third-pay applications on your device could result in your
personal information and data being lost or becoming accessible to others. Use the
following measures to help you protect your personal information:
• Put your device in a safe place to prevent unauthorized use.
• Set your device screen to lock and set a password or unlock pattern.
• Do not open messages or emails from strangers to prevent your device from becoming
infected with a virus.
• When using your device to browse the Internet, do not visit websites that might pose a
security risk to avoid your personal information from being stolen.
• If you use seices such as the poable Wi-Fi hotspot or Bluetooth, set passwords for
these seices to prevent unauthorized access. Turn these seices o when they are not
in use.
• Install device security software and regularly scan for viruses.
•
Using unauthorized third-pay software to update your device may damage your device
or put your personal information at risk. It is recommended that you update through your
device's online update feature or download ocial update packages for your device
model from Honor.
•
Be sure to obtain third-pay applications from a legitimate source. Downloaded third-
pay applications should be scanned for viruses.
•
Install security software or patches released by Honor or authorized third-pay
application providers.
•
Some applications require and transmit location information. As a result, a third-pay
may be able to share your location information.
• Some third-pay application providers may collect detection and diagnostic information
on your device to improve their products and seices.
35

--- Page 39 ---
Legal Notice
Copyright © Honor Device Co., Ltd. 2025. All rights reseed.
e product described in this manual may include copyrighted software of Honor and 
possible licensors. Customers shall not in any manner reproduce, distribute, modify, 
decompile, disassemble, decpt, extract, reverse engineer, lease, assign, or sublicense the 
said software, unless such restrictions are prohibited by applicable laws or such actions are 
approved by respective copyright holders.
Trademarks and Permissions
e 
Bluetooth
 
®
 word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by 
Bluetooth SIG,
 
Inc.
 and any use of such marks by Honor Device Co., Ltd. is under license.
Wi-Fi
®
, the Wi-Fi CERTIFIED logo, and the Wi-Fi logo are trademarks of Wi-Fi Alliance. 
e terms HDMI and HDMI High-Denition Multimedia Inteace, and the HDMI Logo are 
trademarks or registered trademarks of HDMI Licensing Administrator, Inc. in the United 
States and other countries.
Microsoft and Windows are trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies.
Manufactured under license from DTS, Inc. and/or its affiliates. For patents, 
see https://xperi.com/dts-patents/. DTS, the  DTS logo, DTS:X, the DTS:X logo, and DTS:X 
Ultra are trademarks or registered trademarks of DTS, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. 
and/or other countries. © DTS, Inc. and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.
Other trademarks, product, service and company names mentioned may be the property 
of their respective owners.
Notice
Some features of the product and its accessories described herein rely on the software 
installed, capacities and settings of local network, and therefore may not be activated or 
may be limited by local network operators or network service providers.
Thus, the descriptions herein may not exactly match the product or its accessories which 
you purchase.
Honor reserves the right to change or modify any information or specifications contained in 
this manual without prior notice and without any liability.
ird-Party Software Statement
Honor does not own the intellectual property of the third-party software and applications 
that are delivered with this product. Therefore, Honor will not provide any warranty of any 
kind for third party software and applications. Neither will Honor provide suppo to
36

--- Page 40 ---
customers who use third-pay software and applications, nor be responsible or liable for
the functions or peormance of third-pay software and applications.
ird-pay software and applications seices may be interrupted or terminated at any
time, and Honor does not guarantee the availability of any content or seice. ird-pay
seice providers provide content and seices through network or transmission tools
outside of the control of Honor. To the greatest extent permitted by applicable law, it is
explicitly stated that Honor shall not compensate or be liable for seices provided by
third-pay seice providers, or the interruption or termination of third-pay contents or
seices.
Honor shall not be responsible for the legality, quality, or any other aspects of any software
installed on this product, or for any uploaded or downloaded third-pay works in any form,
including but not limited to texts, images, videos, or software etc. Customers shall bear
the risk for any and all eects, including incompatibility between the software and this
product, which result from installing software or uploading or downloading the third-pay
works.
DISCLAIMER
ALL CONTENTS OF THIS MANUAL ARE PROVIDED "AS IS". EXCEPT AS REQUIRED BY
APPLICABLE LAWS, NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE MADE IN RELATION TO THE
ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR CONTENTS OF THIS MANUAL.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL
HONOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES, OR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS, REVENUE, DATA, GOODWILL SAVINGS OR
ANTICIPATED SAVINGS REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH LOSSES ARE FORESEEABLE OR
NOT.
THE MAXIMUM LIABILITY (THIS LIMITATION SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR
PERSONAL INJURY TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH A LIMITATION)
OF HONOR ARISING FROM THE USE OF THE PRODUCT DESCRIBED IN THIS MANUAL
SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID BY CUSTOMERS FOR THE PURCHASE OF THIS
PRODUCT.
Impo and Expo Regulations
Customers shall comply with all applicable expo or impo laws and regulations and be
responsible to obtain all necessa governmental permits and licenses in order to expo,
re-expo or impo the product mentioned in this manual including the software and
technical data therein.
Legal Notice
37

--- Page 41 ---
Privacy Policy
To better understand how we protect your personal information, please see the privacy
policy at https://www.honor.com/privacy-policy/worldwide/.
For More Help
Visit https://www.honor.com/global/suppo/ for the most up-to-date contact information
for your count or region.
ALL PICTURES AND ILLUSTRATIONS IN THIS GUIDE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
DEVICE COLOR, SIZE, AND DISPLAY CONTENT, ARE FOR YOUR REFERENCE ONLY. THE
ACTUAL DEVICE MAY VARY. NOTHING IN THIS GUIDE CONSTITUTES A WARRANTY OF
ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
Legal Notice
38

