Brand: VXL
Model: Itona Md64
URL: https://www.manua.ls/vxl/itona-md64/manual
Total Pages: 37
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
Itona M, Md, Md+
 
Series 
Hardware User Guide

--- Page 2 ---
Copyright © 2004-2014 VXL Instruments Limited. All Rights Reserved 
Information in this document is subject to change without notice and does not represent a 
commitment on the part of the manufacturer. No part of this guide may be reproduced or 
transmitted in any form or means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying and 
recording, for any purpose, without the express written permission of the manufacturer. 
Every effort has been made to make this guide as complete and as accurate as possible, but 
no warranty or fitness is implied. The authors and the publisher shall have neither 
responsibility nor liability to any person or entity with respect to loss or damages arising from 
the use of information contained in this guide. This disclaimer does not apply in countries 
where such provisions are inconsistent with local law. 
All Trademarks are acknowledged. 
 
Last Updated: February, 2014. 
Version: IMd/UG-09-14.  
Part No: 600011054045 A00. 
 
VXL Instruments Ltd., 
House of Excellence, 
No. 17, Electronics City, 
Hosur Road, 
Bangalore
– 560 100, INDIA. 
www.vxl.net

--- Page 3 ---
i    
Federal Communication Commission 
(FCC) Statement 
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device, 
pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection 
against harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates, uses, and can 
radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, 
may cause harmful interference to radio communications. However, there is no guarantee that 
interference will not occur in a particular installation. 
If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be 
determined by turning the equipment Off and On, the user is encouraged to try to correct the 
interference by one or more of the following measures: 
•  Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna. 
•  Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver. 
•  Connect the equipment to an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is 
connected. 
•  Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/television technician for help. 
Each Thin Client is equipped with a FCC compliance label that shows only the FCC identification 
number. The full information of the associated label is as follows: 
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC rules. Operation is subject to the following two 
conditions: 
1.  This device may not cause harmful interference. 
2.  This device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause 
undesired operation. 
Battery Information 
Batteries, battery packs, and accumulators should not be disposed together with the general 
household waste. In order to forward them to recycling or proper disposal, please use the public 
collection system for electronic waste in your country. 
Product Safety 
Improper connecting or mounting of the product could result in product failure or damage. Refer 
to the Md Series Installation Guide for more information about setting up the thin client.  
VXL Technical Support 
To access VXL hardware and software documentation, visit:  
http://www.vxl.net//Independent/product-manuals.aspx 
For online support or reporting a problem, visit: 
http://www.vxl.net/Support/Online-support.aspx 
For more details about Product Warranty, visit:  
http://www.vxl.net/Support/Product-Warranty-Terms.aspx

--- Page 4 ---
ii 
ENERGY STAR Compliant Product 
ENERGY STAR is a joint program of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the U.S. 
Department of Energy helping us all save money and protect the environment through energy 
efficient products practices. 
Please visit http://www.energystar.gov for detail information on the ENERGY STAR joint 
program.

--- Page 5 ---
iii    
Regulatory Certifications

--- Page 6 ---
iv 
Table of Contents 
Federal Communication Commission (FCC) Statement  i 
Battery Information  i 
Product Safety  i 
VXL Technical Support  i 
ENERGY STAR Compliant Product  ii 
Regulatory Certifications  iii 
1  Introduction  1 
Features  2 
Optional Features  2 
About the User Guide  2 
Abbreviations and Acronyms  2 
User Manual Organization  3 
2  Installation  5 
Unpacking the Unit  5 
Preparing to Connect  5 
Accessing the Secure USB Shell  6 
Installing the Pedestal  8 
Fixing the External Antenna  9 
Mounting using VESA Dock  9 
Mounting using the Pedestal  12 
Connecting the Cables and Power Supply  13 
Using the Power Cord Anchor  17 
Using the Kensington Lock  17 
Connecting to the Server  18 
3  Specifications  19 
Hardware  19 
Mechanical  20 
Operating Environment  20 
Power   20 
External Power Adapter  21

--- Page 7 ---
v    
4  Troubleshooting  22 
Locating the Serial Number  22 
Recommended Orientation  22 
Replacing the Battery  22 
General Troubleshooting  23 
Reporting a Problem  23 
Appendix  24 
VXL Extended Standard Warranty  24 
Limited Lifetime Customer Hardware Support  24 
Compatible Renewable Energy Accessories  24 
Product Disposal (For EU-member countries)  24 
Connectors  25

--- Page 8 ---
1    Introduction  
1  Introduction 
Thin Clients are terminal devices that connect to multi-user application servers operating 
under Citrix XenDesktop, XenApp, VMware View connection server and Windows 2003/2008 
terminal servers. 
This guide covers installation procedure and hardware details of Itona M / Md / Md+ series. 
 
Figure 1-1: Itona M / Md / Md+ Series Front View  
Itona M / Md / Md+ series delivers smart and robust solutions for thin client computing. It is an 
aesthetically and ergonomically designed compact desktop, providing simultaneous  
full screen connectivity to Windows and UNIX application servers. Itona M / Md / Md+ series 
is a powerful business alternative to users using Win32 applications while continuing access 
to legacy UNIX applications. 
1. Power Button. 
2. Audio Out Port 
3. Mic  
4. Two USB Ports 
5. Link LED 
6. Pedestal 
7. HDD LED 
8. Smart Card Reader 
(Optional) 
 
  1 
  2 
  3 
  4 
   5 
  6 
  7 
  8

--- Page 9 ---
Introduction    2 
This thin client communicates with application servers via the ICA protocol developed by 
Citrix Systems Inc., Remote Desktop Protocol from Microsoft and a host of other popular 
connectivity protocols. 
Features 
This thin client is equipped with a Gigabit Ethernet port that provides instant connection to 
multi-user Windows NT application servers. Display Port, DVI-I, USB and PS/2 compatible 
keyboard/Mouse ports are available for quick set up and use. 
Optional Features  
Following are the optional features available: 
•  1 x COM port 
•  DP to DVI-I cable 
•  DP to HDMI cable 
•  DP to VGA cable 
•  Mini PCIe wireless LAN + Antenna  
•  Power Cord (Country specific)  
•  USB smart card reader 
•  USB WLAN 
•  Mouse 
•  VESA Dock 
Note: Please contact the reseller or dealer from whom you purchased the product for 
information about the optional features. 
About the User Guide 
This User Guide provides step-by-step instructions to install Itona M / Md / Md+ series thin 
client. The specifications and troubleshooting steps are also included. 
Abbreviations and Acronyms 
Abbreviation  Expansion 
AC  Alternating Current 
DC  Direct Current 
DP  Display Port 
DVI-I  Digital Visual Interface (Digital and Analog) 
DVI-D  Digital Visual Interface (Digital) 
LAN  Local Area Network

--- Page 10 ---
3    Introduction  
LED  Light Emitting Diode 
TCP/IP  Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol 
USB  Universal Serial Bus 
VESA  Video Electronics Standards Association 
VGA  Video Graphics Array 
User Manual Organization 
Chapter No  Chapter Name  Description 
1  Introduction   This chapter contains an overview of the 
product, information about this guide and 
abbreviations used in this guide. 
2  Installation   This chapter contains the procedure to set 
up the hardware. 
3  Specifications  This chapter contains hardware, 
mechanical, electrical, interface and 
operating environment specifications 
4  Troubleshooting  This chapter contains solutions to problems 
that you may encounter while using the 
product. 
—  Appendix  This chapter contains detailed 
specifications for connectors and cables 
used with the product. 
Warning  
•  Any changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for 
compliance could void the user's authority to operate this equipment. 
•  There are no user serviceable parts inside. Do not open enclosure, hazardous 
voltages present in the equipment’s components. Do not disassemble the equipment 
as this can nullify your warranty. 
•  Connect the equipment to an earthed three-pin socket to avoid electrical shocks. 
•  As a precaution, the AC socket outlet should be near the equipment and should be 
easily accessible. 
•  Excessive sound from earphones and headphones can cause hearing damage or 
loss. Avoid setting the volume setting to maximum. 
 
Caution 
•  Only equipment certified to comply with Class B (computer input/output devices, 
terminals, printers etc.) should be connected to this equipment, and must have 
shielded interface cables. 
•  This equipment should not be used in electro-medical applications. 
•  Do not operate this equipment in corrosive or explosive environment.

--- Page 11 ---
Introduction    4 
•  Replace the battery only with the same or equivalent type recommended by the 
manufacturer. 
•  Do not operate this equipment beyond temperature limits provided in the  
‘Operating Environment’ section.

--- Page 12 ---
5    Installation  
2  Installation 
Perform the following steps to successfully install and set up Itona M / Md / Md+ series. 
1.  Unpack the unit. 
2.  Prepare to connect. 
3.  Connect the secure USB shell devices. 
4.  Install the pedestal. 
5.  Fix the external antenna (Optional). 
6.  Install the VESA Dock (Optional). 
7.  Connect the cables and power supply. 
8.  Connect to the server.  
The installation sequence is explained in the following sections of this chapter. 
Unpacking the Unit 
Unpack the unit from its carton; handle safely to avoid damage to the thin client. 
The carton shipped to you contains the following: 
•  Itona M / Md / Md+ series thin client  
•  Power adapter 19 V 
•  Power cord country specific (Optional) 
•  Mouse (Optional) 
•  DVI-I to VGA dongle (Type M) 
•  Pedestal 
•  Hardware Installation Guide 
Note: Please retain the original carton and packing material for future use. 
Preparing to Connect 
Before you connect and start using the thin client, ensure that the following are available.  
•  Appropriate country specific power cord. 
•  A well ventilated, clean, dry and dust-free place to install this thin client. 
•  A minimum space of 2 inches (5 cm) on the sides of the unit for efficient convection 
cooling. 
•  Specified environmental conditions. For more information, see section 
‘Operating Environment’.

--- Page 13 ---
Installation    6 
Accessing the Secure USB Shell 
Note: No user serviceable parts inside the thin client. Please contact a VXL authorized 
service professional to remove the casing and access the secure USB shell.  
 Warning: Hot temperatures inside the thin client. Switch off and unplug the device, 
leave it idle for at least 30 minutes before removing the top and the bottom 
strips of the thin client.  
Two USB ports are provided in the secure USB Shell. These ports are used in banking and 
other secure IT implementations. The secure USB shell prevents wrongful use of these USB 
ports. To use the secure USB ports: 
1.  Remove the screws from the top and bottom strips of the thin client. 
 
Figure 2-1: Bottom Strip Screw 
2.  Slide and remove the side panels. 
 Warning: Do not remove the screws of the aluminum metal enclosure. 
3.  Gently pull the bezel tabs outward on both the top and bottom strips simultaneously as 
shown in the following figure. 
 
Figure 2-2: Removing the Front Bezel

--- Page 14 ---
7    Installation  
 Caution: Pull out the tabs gently out of its groove.  
4.  Break open the secure shell USB wire seal in the front bezel using a screwdriver as 
shown in the following figure. 
 
Figure 2-3: Opening the Secure Shell USB Wire Seal 
Note: A gentle clockwise rotation of the screwdriver will break the wire seal. Do not 
apply weight on the seal.  
5.  Connect the USB devices to the two secure USB device ports. 
6.  Fix the front bezel and allow the USB cables through the Secure USB shell opening. 
7.  Replace the top and the bottom strips and fasten the screws.

--- Page 15 ---
Installation    8 
Installing the Pedestal 
Fix the pedestal to the bottom of the thin client before you place it on a flat surface. Do not fix 
the pedestal if you are mounting this thin client using the VESA bracket. For more information 
about mounting using a VESA bracket, see section ‘Mounting using VESA Dock’. 
 
To install the pedestal: 
1.  Turn the Thin Client upside down. 
2.  Locate the slots at the bottom of the Thin Client into which the tabs on the pedestal fit.   
 
 
Figure 2-4: Installing the Pedestal 
3.  Insert the pedestal tabs into the slots on the Thin Client and then slide the pedestal. You 
will hear a snap sound indicating that the pedestal is fixed in place. 
To remove the pedestal: 
1.  Turn the thin client upside down. 
 
Figure 2-5: Removing the Pedestal

--- Page 16 ---
9    Installation  
2.  Press the tab and then slide the stand outwards and lift the pedestal off the thin client.  
Fixing the External Antenna 
An external antenna is used to receive wireless LAN signals. To fix an external antenna: 
1.  Connect the antenna to the WLAN port in the back panel of the thin client. 
 
 Figure 2-6: Fixing the External Antenna 
2.  Fasten the antenna by rotating it clockwise as shown in Figure 2-6. 
Mounting using VESA Dock 
VESA is an industry standard for interfaces used to mount flat panel monitors, flat panel 
television and thin clients. Four screw slots in the side panels of this thin client allow you to 
install the VESA dock. 
Note: The VESA dock is an optional feature and has to be purchased separately. You will 
receive the VESA dock in a separate carton.  
The VESA Dock consists of two parts – VESA Inner and VESA Outer. These parts are made 
of rugged 1.2 mm Mild Steel sheets. The dock can be used for 75x75 mm as well as  
100x100 mm VESA holes. The VESA Outer slides over the VESA Inner as shown in the 
following figure.

--- Page 17 ---
Installation    10 
 
Figure 2-7: VESA Outer and Inner 
To install the VESA Dock: 
1.  Using the screws provided, attach the VESA Outer to the thin client. 
2.  Using the screws provided, attach the VESA Inner to the surface where you want to 
mount the thin client. 
3.  Slide the VESA Outer over the VESA Inner. A metallic clunk sound indicates that the two 
parts are securely fixed as shown in the following figure. 
 
Figure 2-8: Mounting the Thin Client using VESA 
4.  Use a screwdriver to fasten the captive screw at the top of the dock.

--- Page 18 ---
11    Installation  
 Following are the various VESA Dock mounting options: 
 
    Figure 2-9 Wall Mounted Client              Figure 2-10: Wall Mounted Client and Monitor 
 
 
 
    Figure 2-11: Under the Counter Left    Figure 2-12: Behind the Monitor

--- Page 19 ---
Installation    12 
Mounting using the Pedestal 
You can mount the thin client under the counter top using the pedestal. To mount the thin 
client under the counter top:  
 
Figure 2-13: Mounting under the Counter Top 
1.  Place the pedestal under the counter top. 
2.  Using the two screws provided, attach the pedestal under the counter top. 
3.  Slide fit the thin client to the pedestal. A snap sound indicates that your thin client is 
securely fixed.  
To remove the thin client and the pedestal: 
1.  Using a screwdriver, unlock the pedestal lock as shown in the following figure.  
Note: Hold the thin client in place while unlocking the pedestal.  
 
                      Figure 2-14: Removing the Client 
2.  Slide the thin client to remove it from the pedestal.  
3.  Using a screwdriver, remove the two screws used to attach the pedestal. 
4.  Remove the pedestal.

--- Page 20 ---
13    Installation  
Connecting the Cables and Power Supply 
The various connectors available on the rear panel of the client are shown in Figure 2-15. 
 
Figure 2-15: Itona M/Md Series Rear View  
1. LPT Port  
2. COM Port 3 (Optional) 
3. COM Port 2  
4. COM Port 1 
5. Power Cord Anchor  
6. Mini PCIe Wireless 
LAN 
7. Ethernet Port 
8. Four USB Ports 
9. Display Port 
10. DVI-I Port 
11. PS/2 Mouse Port 
12. PS/2 Keyboard Port 
13. DC Power In

--- Page 21 ---
Installation    14 
 
 
 
 
  Figure 2-16: Itona Md+ Series Rear View 
1. Graphics Card 
(Optional) 
2. COM Port 1   
3. Power Cord Anchor  
4. Mini PCIe Wireless 
LAN (Optional) 
5. Ethernet Port 
6. Four USB Ports 
7. Display Port 
8. DVI-I Port 
9. PS/2 Mouse Port 
10. PS/2 Keyboard Port 
11. DC Power In

--- Page 22 ---
15    Installation  
Connectors        Connector Symbol 
VGA Port 
 
DVI-I Port  
 
USB Port 
 
 
Audio Out Port 
 
Mic Port 
 
Display Port 
 
PS/2 Keyboard Port 
 
PS/2 Mouse Port 
 
COM Port  
1
 
 Ethernet Port (RJ45) 
 
Table 1: Connector Symbols 
Note: Before connecting any cable, ensure that the power cable is unplugged from the 
unit.  
Refer to the connector symbols provided in ‘Table 1: Connector Symbols’ to connect the 
cables to their respective ports. Connect the cables and power supply to the unit in the 
following order: 
1.  Connect PS/2 keyboard to the PS/2 Keyboard Port. 
2.  Connect PS/2 mouse to the PS/2 Mouse Port. 
3.  Connect the USB devices to the USB Ports. 
4.  Connect the monitor to the Display port, DVI-I Port or the VGA Port (via DVI-I to VGA 
dongle). You can connect dual monitors in the following configurations: 
Dual Digital Monitors 
a.  DP and DVI 
b.  DVI and DVI (via DP to DVI-I cable*) 
c.  DVI and HDMI (via DP to HDMI cable**)

--- Page 23 ---
Installation    16 
 
Dual Analog Monitors 
VGA
 
(via DP to VGA cable
#
) 
and  
VGA
 
(via DVI-I to VGA dongle) 
Digital and Analog Monitors 
a.  DP and VGA (via DVI-I to VGA dongle) 
b.  DVI-I and VGA (via DP to VGA cable*) 
 
Figure 2-17: DP to VGA Cable
#    
                  Figure 2-18: DP to DVI-I Cable* 
 
 
  
Figure 2-19: DP to HDMI Cable* *                  Figure 2-20: DVI-I to VGA Dongle 
 
*The cables are optional and sold separately. Contact the reseller or dealer from whom you 
purchased the product for more information.  
5.  Connect the external powered speakers to the Audio Out Port. 
6.  Connect the microphone to the Mic Port. 
7.  Connect serial devices to the COM Ports. 
8.  Connect the LAN cable to the RJ45 Ethernet port. 
9.  Connect the power adapter to the DC Power In. 
 Caution: Ensure that the COM 1, COM 2, COM 3, DVI-I and VGA ports are adequately 
fastened with the captive screws provided along with the cables.

--- Page 24 ---
17    Installation  
Using the Power Cord Anchor 
Power cord anchor prevents the power cord from inadvertently getting disconnected. To use 
the power cord anchor, press a loop of the power cord into the anchor as shown in the 
following image. 
 
Figure 2-21: Power Cord Anchor 
Using the Kensington Lock 
Kensington Lock secures your thin client from unauthorized removal and theft. There are two 
Kensington Lock slots provided at the top and bottom strips of this thin client. Purchase a 
compatible Kensington lock to use with these slots.  
 
Figure 2-22: Kensington Lock Slot on the Top Strip

--- Page 25 ---
Installation    18 
 
Figure 2-23: Kensington Lock Slot on the Bottom Strip 
Connecting to the Server 
The thin client can be connected to the server/network by using a LAN connection through 
TCP/IP. 
To connect the client to a Local Area Network through TCP/IP. 
1.  Connect one end of an Ethernet cable to the Ethernet Port in the client. 
2.  Connect the other end to a LAN hub as shown in Figure 2-24. 
 
Figure 2-24: LAN Connection through TCP/IP  
3.  Press the power button to switch on the thin client. The front panel LED lights up and you 
will hear a beep. Subsequently, the operating system start-up screen appears.

--- Page 26 ---
19    Specifications  
3  Specifications 
Hardware 
Processor 
Md / Md +: VIA Eden U4200 1 GHz Dual Core 
M : VIA Nano U3300 1.2 GHz Single Core 
North Bridge  VIA VX900 
Flash  SSD 22 Pin 
RAM  1 GB ~ 4 GB DDR3 1066 MHz 
Graphic Processor  Integrated Chrome9 HD DX9 3D/2D  
VGA Memory  Default 256 MB (Adjustable in the range of 32 to 512 MB) 
Maximum Display resolution 
VGA (Via VGA dongle-Type M): 1920 x 1200, 60 Hz,  
16/32 bit color. 
DVI-I: 1920 x 1200, 60 Hz, 16/32 bit color. 
Display Port: 2048 x 1536, 75 Hz 16/32 bit color. 
Front Panel  Power Button 
Link LED 
HDD LED 
2 x USB 
Mic 
Headphone Port 
Rear Panel  COM1, COM2 Ports 
1 x Parallel Port 
4 x USB 2.0 
PS/2 Keyboard 
PS/2 Mouse 
1 x DVI-I Port (VGA via dongle) 
1 x Display Port 
Kensington Slot 
External Antenna (Optional)

--- Page 27 ---
Specifications    20 
   
Secure USB Shell  2 x USB 2.0 
Networking  Gigabit LAN 
Wake-on-LAN 
Internal Features  Mono speaker 
1 x PCIe slot 
1 x mPCIe slot 
Optional Features  COM3 Port 
Mini PCIe WLAN with external antenna 
Smart card reader 
USB WLAN dongle 
DP to DVI converter cable 
DVI-I splitter cable (DVI-I to DVI+VGA in extended mode) 
VESA Dock (100 x 100 or 75 x 75 mm mounting holes) 
Mechanical 
Height  201 mm 
Width  56 mm 
Depth  222 mm 
Weight  1.40 Kg Approx 
Operating Environment 
Operating temperature  0
o 
C to 40
o 
C 
Storage temperature  - 20
o 
C to +60
o 
C 
Humidity  20% to 80% RH non-condensing 
Power 
Power Consumption  Idle State: 11 W

--- Page 28 ---
21    Specifications  
Off State: 0.2 W 
External Power Adapter 
Line Voltage  100 V to 240 V AC (+6,-10%) 
DC Output  19 V 3.42 A 
Efficiency  >85%

--- Page 29 ---
Troubleshooting    22 
4  Troubleshooting 
This chapter contains solutions for problems you may encounter while using this product.  
Locating the Serial Number 
A unique serial number for this thin client is provided in an inlay card. Quote this serial 
number when requesting for after-sales service. 
 
Figure 4-1: Locating the Serial Number 
Recommended Orientation 
We recommend that you place or install this thin client vertically; this allows natural heat 
dissipation. We do not recommend placing the device horizontally. Do not block the air vents 
on the sides. 
Replacing the Battery 
Contact a VXL authorized professional technician to replace the battery in your thin client.

--- Page 30 ---
23    Troubleshooting  
General Troubleshooting 
Following are solutions to some of the commonly encountered issues because of the system 
set up: 
Problem  Solution 
The power-LED on the front 
panel does not glow when the 
client is switched on. 
  Ensure that the power cord is plugged into an  
AC outlet. 
  Check the fuse in the power-plug, if available. 
There is no display on the 
monitor, though the power-
indicating LED glows. 
  Ensure that the video cable is properly 
connected. 
The mouse (or keyboard) does 
not work when the client is 
switched on. 
  Ensure that the mouse (or keyboard) is plugged 
in the correct PS/2 port. 
Reporting a Problem 
You can report a specific problem to the VXL after-sales service. To report a problem or 
check the status of your issue go to 
http://www.vxl.net/Support/Online-support.aspx. 
Note: For more information about reporting a problem and checking its status, refer to the 
Itona M / Md / Md+ series Installation Guide document shipped with your product.

--- Page 31 ---
Appendix  24 
Appendix  
VXL Extended Standard Warranty 
VXL offers the choice of an optional limited warranty extension for up to 3 years in addition to 
the standard three years limited warranty for certain equipment.  
For full terms and conditions for the VXL Extended Standard Warranty, please refer to the 
same terms & conditions as detailed in the Standard Warranty policy. Please note that in 
order to qualify for the Extended Warranty policy; it must be purchased at the same time as 
the VXL thin client devices. 
For Standard Warranty policy, visit: 
http://www.vxl.net/Support/Product-Warranty-Terms.aspx 
Limited Lifetime Customer Hardware Support 
Five Year Limited Agreement on VXL Instruments Ltd Spare Parts and/or 
Compatible Replacement Parts  
VXL Instruments agrees to provide ongoing customer/hardware support in terms of spare 
parts and / or compatible replacement parts for up to five years from the end of life of the 
hardware product. See hardware product warranty ‘Terms and Conditions’ for full details. 
Further information on how to obtain replacement parts can be provided to the customer on 
request. The customer can also opt for additional on-site support to the existing limited 
warranty agreement at an extra charge.  
For full ‘Terms and Conditions’ please visit:  
http://www.vxl.net/Support/Product-Warranty-
Terms.aspx 
Compatible Renewable Energy Accessories 
With the worldwide evolution of the energy renewable market, VXL Instruments is committed 
to working with partners / customers to harness the benefits of this growing energy source.  
Powering hardware products, including thin clients, using renewable energy is now readily 
and commercially available. To find out how you can make your thin client hardware even 
more environmentally friendly, please contact your respective reseller or supplier in your 
region or country for further details.    
Product Disposal (For EU-member countries) 
Electronic goods should be disposed off separately. Do not dispose this product along 
with other household waste. Batteries and integrated components can be disposed off as 
part of the product; they will be removed and recycled separately. 
For more information about used electronic goods collection and recycling program in 
your area, contact the local government office or the retailer who sold this product to you.

--- Page 32 ---
25  Appendix 
 
Connectors 
The following section provides pin details for various connectors on the rear panel of the 
client.  
COM Port 
9-pin D-type male connector, RS232C compatible, operating at 115.2 K baud maximum. 
 
Pin   Signal  Description 
1   DCD  Data Carrier Detect 
2   RxD  Receive Data 
3   TxD  Transmit Data 
4   DTR  Data Terminal Ready 
5   GND  Signal Ground 
6   DSR  Data Set Ready 
7   RTS  Request To Send 
8   CTS  Clear To Send 
9   NC  Not Connected 
 
Printer Port (Parallel) 
25-pin D-type female connector. ECP/EPP compatible.

--- Page 33 ---
Appendix  26 
Pin   Signal 
1  STROBE 
2-9  DATA 0-7 
10  ACKOWLEDGE 
11  BUSY 
12  PAPER END 
15  ERROR 
18-25  GROUND

--- Page 34 ---
27  Appendix 
Display Port 
20 pin port with 1.62, 2.7, or 5.4 Gbit/s data rate per lane; 1, 2, or 4 lanes; 1 Mbit/s or 720 
Mbit/s for the auxiliary channel.  
 
Pin  Signal    Pin  Signal   
1  Lane 0 (positive) 
 
11  Ground 
 
2  Ground 
 
12  Lane 3 (negative) 
 
3  Lane 0 (negative) 
 
13  Connected to Ground 
 
4  Lane 1 (positive) 
 
14  Connected to Ground 
 
5  Ground 
 
15  Auxiliary Channel (positive) 
 
6  Lane 1 (negative) 
 
16  Ground 
 
7  Lane 2 (positive) 
 
17  Auxiliary Channel (negative) 
 
8  Ground 
 
18  Hot Plug Detect 
 
9  Lane 2 (negative) 
 
19  Return for Power 
 
10  Lane 3 (positive) 
 
20  Power for connector (3.3 V 500 mA)

--- Page 35 ---
Appendix  28 
DVI-I Port 
Pin C1 to C5 carry the analogue signal.24+5 pin DVI Connector. 
 
Pin  Signal    Pin  Signal    Pin  Signal 
 1  TMDS Data 2-    11  TMDS Data 1/3 
Shield 
  21  TMDS Data 5+ 
 2  TMDS Data 2+    12  TMDS Data 3-    22  TMDS Clock 
Shield 
 3  TMDS Data 2/4 
Shield  
  13  TMDS Data 3+    23 
TMDS Clock + 
4  TMDS Data 4-    14  +5 V Power    24  TMDS Clock - 
5  TMDS Data 4+    15  Ground(for+5V)    C1  Analog Red 
6  DDC Clock    16  Hot Plug Detect    C2  Analog Green 
7  DDC Data      17  TMDS Data 0-    C3  Analog Blue 
8  Analog Vertical 
Sync 
   18 
TMDS Data 0+ 
  C4  Analog Horizontal 
Sync 
9  TMDS Data 1-    19 
TMDS Data 0/5 
Shield 
  C5  Analog Ground 
(analog R, G &  
B return) 
10  TMDS Data 1+    20  TMDS Data 5-

--- Page 36 ---
29  Appendix 
Gigabit Ethernet LAN Port 
RJ-45 modular 8-pin jack. 10/100/1000 Mbps. 
 
Pin  Signal 
1  TxD+ 
2  TxD- 
3  RxD+ 
6  RxD- 
 
PS/2 Mouse/Keyboard Port 
Mouse/Keyboard connector 
 
Pin   Signal 
 
Pin  Signal 
 1  Mouse / KBD data 
 
 4  VCC 
 2  NC 
 
 5  Mouse / KBD Clock 
 3  GND 
 
 6  NC 
 
Audio  Port 
Line Out/Mic ports. 
Standard audio jacks.

--- Page 37 ---
Appendix  30 
USB Port 2.0 
4-pin series-A receptacle. 6 ports. 
 
Pin  Signal 
1  VCC 
2  D- 
3  D+ 
4  GND

