Brand: VXL
Model: Itona Lq64
URL: https://www.manua.ls/vxl/itona-lq64/manual
Total Pages: 36
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
Itona LQ, LQ+ Series
 
Hardware User Guide

--- Page 2 ---
Copyright © 2004-2014 VXL Instruments Limited. All Rights Reserved 
Information in this document is subject to change without notice and does not represent a 
commitment on the part of the manufacturer. No part of this guide may be reproduced or 
transmitted in any form or means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying and 
recording, for any purpose, without the express written permission of the manufacturer. 
Every effort has been made to make this guide as complete and as accurate as possible, but 
no warranty or fitness is implied. The authors and the publisher shall have neither 
responsibility nor liability to any person or entity with respect to loss or damages arising from 
the use of information contained in this guide. This disclaimer does not apply in countries 
where such provisions are inconsistent with local law. 
All Trademarks are acknowledged. 
 
Last Updated: January, 2014. 
Version: LQ/UG-1-14. 
 
VXL Instruments Ltd., 
House of Excellence, 
No. 17, Electronics City, 
Hosur Road, 
Bangalore
– 560 100, INDIA. 
www.vxl.net

--- Page 3 ---
i    
Federal Communication Commission 
(FCC) Statement 
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital 
device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide 
reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residential installation. This 
equipment generates, uses, and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and 
used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio 
communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a 
particular installation. 
If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can 
be determined by turning the equipment Off and On, the user is encouraged to try to correct 
the interference by one or more of the following measures: 
•  Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna. 
•  Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver. 
•  Connect the equipment to an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is 
connected. 
•  Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/television technician for help. 
Each Thin Client is equipped with a FCC compliance label that shows only the FCC 
identification number. The full information of the associated label is as follows: 
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC rules. Operation is subject to the following two 
conditions: 
1.  This device may not cause harmful interference. 
2.  This device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause 
undesired operation. 
Battery Information 
Batteries, battery packs, and accumulators should not be disposed together with the general 
household waste. In order to forward them to recycling or proper disposal, please use the 
public collection system for electronic waste in your country. 
Product Safety 
Improper connecting or mounting of the product could result in product failure or damage. 
Refer to the LQ Series Installation Guide for more information about setting up the thin client.  
VXL Technical Support 
To access VXL hardware and software documentation, visit:  
http://www.vxl.net//Independent/product-manuals.aspx 
For online support or reporting a problem, visit: 
http://www.vxl.net/Support/Online-support.aspx

--- Page 4 ---
ii 
For more details about Product Warranty, visit:  
http://www.vxl.net/Support/Product-Warranty-Terms.aspx

--- Page 5 ---
iii    
ENERGY STAR Compliant Product 
ENERGY STAR is a joint program of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the U.S. 
Department of Energy helping us all save money and protect the environment through energy 
efficient products practices. 
Please visit http://www.energystar.gov for detail information on the ENERGY STAR joint 
program.

--- Page 7 ---
v    
Table of Contents 
Federal Communication Commission (FCC) Statement  i 
Battery Information  i 
Product Safety  i 
VXL Technical Support  i 
ENERGY STAR Compliant Product  iii 
Regulatory Certifications  iv 
1  Introduction  1 
Features  2 
Optional Features   2 
About the User Guide  2 
Abbreviations and Acronyms  2 
User Manual Organization  2 
2  Installation  4 
Unpacking the Unit  4 
Preparing to Connect  4 
Accessing the Secure USB Shell  5 
Installing the Pedestal  7 
Fixing the External Antenna  8 
Mounting using VESA Dock  8 
Mounting using the Pedestal  11 
Connecting the Cables and Power Supply  12 
Using the Kensington Lock  15 
Connecting to the Server  15 
3  Specifications  17 
Hardware*  17 
Mechanical  18 
Operating Environment  18 
Power 18 
External Power Adapter  18 
4  Troubleshooting  20 
Locating Serial Number  20

--- Page 8 ---
vi 
Recommended Orientation  20 
Replacing the Battery  20 
General Troubleshooting  21 
Reporting a Problem  21 
Appendix  22

--- Page 9 ---
1    Draft  Introduction  
1  Introduction 
Thin Clients are terminal devices that connect to multi-user application servers operating 
under Citrix XenDesktop, XenApp, VMware View connection server and Windows 2003/2008 
terminal servers. 
This guide covers installation procedure and hardware details of Itona LQ/LQ+ series. 
 
Figure 1-1: Itona LQ/LQ+ Series Front View  
Itona LQ/LQ+ series delivers smart and robust solutions for thin client computing. It is an 
aesthetically and ergonomically designed compact desktop, providing simultaneous  
full screen connectivity to Windows and UNIX application servers. Itona LQ/LQ+ series is a 
powerful business alternative to users using Win32 applications while continuing access to 
legacy UNIX applications. 
1. Power Button. 
2. Audio Out Port 
3. Mic  
4. Two USB Ports 
5. Link LED 
6. Pedestal 
7. HDD LED 
 
  1 
  2 
  3 
  4 
   5 
  6 
  7

--- Page 10 ---
Introduction  Draft   2 
This thin client communicates with application servers via the ICA protocol developed by 
Citrix Systems Inc., Remote Desktop Protocol from Microsoft and a host of other popular 
connectivity protocols. 
Features 
This thin client is equipped with a Gigabit Ethernet port that provides instant connection to 
multi-user Windows NT application servers. Display Port, USB and HDMI ports are available 
for quick set up and use. 
Optional Features  
Following are the optional features available: 
•  1 x Parallel Port 
•  Internal USB WLAN through internal USB compartment 
•  mPCIe WLAN 
•  Display Port to DVI, HDMI, VGA converter cables  
Note: Please contact the reseller or dealer from whom you purchased the product for 
information about the optional features. 
About the User Guide 
This User Guide provides step-by-step instructions to install Itona LQ/LQ+ series thin client. 
The specifications and troubleshooting steps are also included. 
Abbreviations and Acronyms 
 
User Manual Organization 
Chapter No  Chapter Name  Description 
Abbreviation  Expansion 
AC  Alternating Current 
DC  Direct Current 
DP  Display Port 
LAN  Local Area Network 
LED  Light Emitting Diode 
TCP/IP  Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol 
USB  Universal Serial Bus 
VESA  Video Electronics Standards Association 
HDMI  High-Definition Multimedia Interface

--- Page 11 ---
3    Draft  Introduction  
1  Introduction   This chapter contains an overview of the 
product, information about this guide and 
abbreviations used in this guide. 
2  Installation   This chapter contains the procedure to set 
up the hardware. 
3  Specifications  This chapter contains hardware, 
mechanical, electrical, interface and 
operating environment specifications 
4  Troubleshooting  This chapter contains solutions to problems 
that you may encounter while using the 
product. 
—  Appendix  This chapter contains detailed 
specifications for connectors and cables 
used with the product. 
Warning  
•  Any changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for 
compliance could void the user's authority to operate this equipment. 
•  There are no user serviceable parts inside. Do not open enclosure, hazardous 
voltages present in the equipment’s components. Do not disassemble the equipment 
as this can nullify your warranty. 
•  Connect the equipment to an earthed three-pin socket to avoid electrical shocks. 
•  As a precaution, the AC socket outlet should be near the equipment and should be 
easily accessible. 
•  Excessive sound from earphones and headphones can cause hearing damage or 
loss. Avoid setting the volume setting to maximum. 
 
Caution 
•  Only equipment certified to comply with Class B (computer input/output devices, 
terminals, printers etc.) should be connected to this equipment, and must have 
shielded interface cables. 
•  This equipment should not be used in electro-medical applications. 
•  Do not operate this equipment in corrosive or explosive atmosphere. 
•  Replace the battery only with the same or equivalent type recommended by the 
manufacturer. 
•  Do not operate this equipment beyond temperature limits provided in the  
‘Operating Environment’ section.

--- Page 12 ---
Installation  Draft   4 
2  Installation 
Perform the following steps to successfully install and set up LQ/LQ+ series. 
1.  Unpack the unit. 
2.  Prepare to connect. 
3.  Connect the secure USB shell devices. 
4.  Install the pedestal. 
5.  Fix the external antenna (Optional). 
6.  Install the VESA Dock (Optional). 
7.  Connect the cables and power supply. 
8.  Connect to the server.  
The installation sequence is explained in the following sections of this chapter. 
Unpacking the Unit 
Unpack the unit from its carton; handle safely to avoid damage to the thin client. 
The carton shipped to you contains the following: 
•  Itona LQ / LQ+ series thin client 
•  Power adapter 19 V 
•  Power cord country specific (Optional) 
•  Mouse (Optional) 
•  HDMI to DVI converter cable 
•  Pedestal 
•  Hardware Installation Guide 
Note: Please retain the original carton and packing material for future use. 
Preparing to Connect 
Before you connect and start using the thin client, ensure that the following are available.  
•  Appropriate country specific power cord. 
•  A well ventilated, clean, dry and dust-free place to install this thin client. 
•  A minimum space of 2 inches (5 cm) on the sides of the unit for efficient convection 
cooling. 
•  Specified environmental conditions. For more information, see section 
‘Operating Environment’.

--- Page 13 ---
5    Draft  Installation  
Accessing the Secure USB Shell 
Note: No user serviceable parts inside the thin client. Please contact a VXL authorized 
service professional to remove the casing and access the secure USB shell.  
Warning: Hot temperatures inside the thin client. Switch off and unplug the device, 
leave it idle for at least 30 minutes before removing the top and the bottom 
strips of the thin client.  
Two USB ports are provided in the secure USB Shell. These ports are used in banking and 
other secure IT implementations. The secure USB shell prevents wrongful use of these USB 
ports. To use the secure USB ports: 
1.  Remove the screws from the top and bottom strips of the thin client. 
 
Figure 2-1: Bottom Strip Screw 
2.  Slide and remove the side panels. 
Warning: Do not remove the screws of the aluminum metal enclosure. 
3.  Gently pull the bezel tabs outward on both the top and bottom strips simultaneously as 
shown in the following figure. 
 
Figure 2-2: Removing the Front Bezel

--- Page 14 ---
Installation  Draft   6 
 Caution: Pull out the tabs gently out of its groove.  
4.  Break open the secure shell USB wire seal in the front bezel using a screwdriver as 
shown in the following figure. 
 
Figure 2-3: Opening the Secure Shell USB Wire Seal 
Note: A gentle clockwise rotation of the screwdriver will break the wire seal. Do not 
apply weight on the seal.  
5.  Connect the USB devices to the two secure USB device ports. 
6.  Fix the front bezel and allow the USB cables through the Secure USB shell opening. 
7.  Replace the top and the bottom strips and fasten the screws.

--- Page 15 ---
7    Draft  Installation  
Installing the Pedestal 
Fix the pedestal to the bottom of the thin client before you place it on a flat surface. Do not fix 
the pedestal if you are mounting this thin client using the VESA bracket. For more information 
about mounting using a VESA bracket, see section ‘Mounting using VESA Dock’. 
 
To install the pedestal: 
1.  Turn the Thin Client upside down. 
2.  Locate the slots at the bottom of the Thin Client into which the tabs on the pedestal fit.   
 
 
Figure 2-4: Installing the Pedestal 
3.  Insert the pedestal tabs into the slots on the Thin Client and then slide the pedestal. You 
will hear a snap sound indicating that the pedestal is fixed in place. 
To remove the pedestal: 
1.  Turn the thin client upside down. 
 
Figure 2-5: Removing the Pedestal

--- Page 16 ---
Installation  Draft   8 
2.  Press the tab and then slide the stand outwards and lift the pedestal off the thin client.  
Fixing the External Antenna 
An external antenna is used to receive wireless LAN signals. To fix an external antenna: 
1.  Connect the antenna to the WLAN port in the back panel of the thin client. 
New Image to be inserted 
 Figure 2-6: Fixing the External Antenna 
2.  Fasten the antenna by rotating it clockwise as shown in Figure 2-6 
Mounting using VESA Dock 
VESA is an industry standard for interfaces used to mount flat panel monitors, flat panel 
television and thin clients. Four screw slots in the side panels of this thin client allow you to 
install the VESA dock. 
Note: The VESA dock is an optional feature and has to be purchased separately. You will 
receive the VESA dock in a separate carton.  
The VESA Dock consists of two parts – VESA Inner and VESA Outer. These parts are made 
of rugged 1.2 mm Mild Steel sheets. The dock can be used for 75x75 mm as well as  
100x100 mm VESA holes. The VESA Outer slides over the VESA Inner as shown in the 
following figure. 
 
Figure 2-7: VESA Outer and Inner 
To install the VESA Dock: 
1.  Using the screws provided, attach the VESA Outer to the thin client. 
2.  Using the screws provided, attach the VESA Inner to the surface where you want to 
mount the thin client. 
3.  Slide the VESA Outer over the VESA Inner. A metallic clunk sound indicates that the two 
parts are securely fixed as shown in the following figure.

--- Page 17 ---
9    Draft  Installation  
 
Figure 2-8: Mounting the Thin Client using a VESA 
4.  Use a screwdriver to fasten the captive screw at the top of the dock. 
 Following are the various VESA Dock mounting options: 
 
    Figure 2-9 Wall Mounted Client              Figure 2-10: Wall Mounted Client and Monitor

--- Page 18 ---
Installation  Draft   10 
 
 
    Figure 2-11: Under the Counter Left    Figure 2-12: Behind the Monitor

--- Page 19 ---
11    Draft  Installation  
Mounting using the Pedestal 
You can mount the thin client under the counter top using the pedestal. To mount the thin 
client under the counter top:  
 
Figure 2-13: Mounting under the Counter Top 
1.  Place the pedestal under the counter top. 
2.  Using the two screws provided, attach the pedestal under the counter top. 
3.  Slide fit the thin client to the pedestal. A snap sound indicates that your thin client is 
securely fixed.  
To remove the thin client and the pedestal: 
1.  Using a screwdriver, unlock the pedestal lock as shown in the following figure.  
Note: Hold the thin client in place while unlocking the pedestal.  
 
                      Figure 2-14: Removing the Client 
2.  Slide the thin client to remove it from the pedestal.  
3.  Using a screwdriver, remove the two screws used to attach the pedestal. 
4.  Remove the pedestal.

--- Page 20 ---
Installation  Draft   12 
Connecting the Cables and Power Supply 
The various connectors available on the rear panel of the client are shown in Figure 2-15. 
   
Figure 2-15: Itona LQ Series Rear View  
1. LPT Port (Optional) 
2. Serial Port 
3. VGA Port  
4. Power Cord Anchor 
5  Mini PCIe Wireless 
LAN 
6. Two USB 2.0 Ports 
7. Two USB 3.0 Ports  
8. HDMI Port  
9. Display Port 
10. Ethernet Port 
11. DC Power In 
12. Pedestal

--- Page 21 ---
13    Draft  Installation  
 
Figure 2-16: Itona LQ+ Series Rear View 
1. Graphics Card 
(Optional) 
2. Serial Port 
3. Power Cord Anchor  
4. Mini PCIe Wireless 
LAN (Optional) 
5. Two USB 2.0 Ports 
6. Two USB 3.0 Ports 
7. HDMI Port 
8. Display Port 
9. Ethernet Port 
10. DC Power In 
11. Pedestal

--- Page 22 ---
Installation  Draft   14 
Connectors        Connector Symbol 
HDMI Port 
 
USB 2.0 Port 
 
USB 3.0 Port 
 
Audio Out Port 
 
Mic Port 
 
Display Port 
 
COM Port  
1
 
VGA Port 
 
Display Port 
 
 Ethernet Port (RJ45) 
 
Mini PCIe Wireless LAN 
Antenna 
 
Table 1: Connector Symbols 
Note: Before connecting any cable, ensure that the power cable is unplugged from the 
unit. 
Refer to the connector symbols provided in ‘Table 1: Connector Symbols’ to connect the 
cables to their respective ports. Connect the cables and power supply to the unit in the 
following order: 
1.  Connect the USB devices to the USB Ports. 
2.  Connect the external powered speakers to the Audio Out Port. 
3.  Connect the microphone to the Mic Port. 
4.  Connect serial devices to the COM Port. 
5.  Connect the monitor(s) to the VGA, HDMI and Display Port. 
6.  Connect the LAN cable to the RJ45 Ethernet port. 
7.  Connect the power adapter to the DC Power In.

--- Page 23 ---
15    Draft  Installation  
 Caution: Ensure that the COM port is adequately fastened with the captive screws 
provided along with the cables.
 
Using the Kensington Lock 
Kensington Lock secures your thin client from unauthorized removal and theft. There are two 
Kensington Lock slots provided at the top and bottom strips of this thin client. Purchase a 
compatible Kensington lock to use with these slots.  
 
Figure 2-17: Kensington Lock Slot on the Top Strip 
 
Figure 2-18: Kensington Lock Slot on the Bottom Strip 
Connecting to the Server 
The thin client can be connected to the server/network by using a LAN connection through 
TCP/IP. 
To connect the client to a Local Area Network through TCP/IP.

--- Page 24 ---
Installation  Draft   16 
1.  Connect one end of an Ethernet cable to the Ethernet Port in the client. 
2.  Connect the other end to a LAN hub as shown in Figure 2-24. 
 
Figure 2-19: LAN Connection through TCP/IP 
3.  Press the power button to switch on the thin client. The front panel LED lights up and you 
will hear a beep. Subsequently, the operating system start-up screen appears.

--- Page 25 ---
17    Draft  Specifications  
3  Specifications 
Hardware* 
Processor  LQ/LQ+ AMD Kabini A4-5000 Quad Core 1.5 GHz SoC 
Flash  SSD 22 Pin 
RAM  Up to 8 GB DDR3 1600/1333 MHz SO- DIMM 
Graphic Processor  Built-in Radeon
TM
 HD 8330 graphics processor  
Maximum Display resolution  Display Port: 2560 x 1600, @32bpp 
HDMI: 1920 x 1200 @32bpp 
VGA: 1920 x 1200 @32bpp 
Front Panel  Power Button 
Link LED 
HDD LED 
2 x USB 2.0 ports 
Mic port 
Headphone port 
Rear Panel  1 x Serial Port 
2 x USB 3.0 
2 x USB 2.0 
1 x Display Port 
1 x HDMI (HDMI to DVI converter cable included) 
1 x VGA Port 
Kensington Slot 
External Antenna (Optional) 
Secure Shell  2 x USB 2.0 
 
Networking  Gigabit LAN 
Wake-on-LAN

--- Page 26 ---
Specifications  Draft   18 
Internal Features  Mono speaker 
1 x PCIe slot 
1 x mPCIe slot 
1 x PCIe Riser Card slot 
Optional Features  1 x Parallel Port 
Internal USB WLAN through secure USB compartment 
Mini PCIe WLAN Card with external antenna 
Display Port to DVI, Display Port to HDMI and 
Display Port to VGA converter cables 
VESA Dock (100 x 100 or 75 x 75 mm mounting holes) 
Mechanical 
Height  201 mm 
Width  56 mm 
Depth  222 mm 
Weight  1.40 Kg Approx 
Operating Environment 
Operating temperature  0
o 
C to 40
o 
C 
Storage temperature  - 20
o 
C to +60
o 
C 
Humidity  20% to 80% RH non-condensing 
Power 
Power Consumption  Idle State: < 10 Watts 
 
External Power Adapter 
Line Voltage  100 V to 240 V AC (+6,-10%) 
DC Output  19 V 3.42 A

--- Page 27 ---
19    Draft  Specifications  
Efficiency  >85% 
 
*Specifications may vary based on LQ or LQ+ series. Please check the relevant product datasheet for 
more information.

--- Page 28 ---
Troubleshooting  Draft   20 
4  Troubleshooting 
This chapter contains solutions for problems you may encounter while using this product.  
Locating Serial Number 
A unique serial number for this thin client is provided in an inlay card. Quote this serial 
number when requesting for after-sales service. 
New Picture to be inserted 
Figure 4-1: Locating the Serial Number 
Recommended Orientation 
We recommend that you place or install this thin client vertically; this allows natural heat 
dissipation. We do not recommend placing the device horizontally. Do not block the air vents 
on the sides. 
Replacing the Battery 
Contact a VXL authorized professional technician to replace the battery in your thin client.

--- Page 29 ---
21    Draft  Troubleshooting  
General Troubleshooting 
Following are solutions to some of the commonly encountered issues because of the system 
set up: 
Problem  Solution 
The power-LED on the front 
panel does not glow when the 
client is switched on. 
  Ensure that the power cord is plugged into an  
AC outlet. 
  Check the fuse in the power-plug, if available. 
There is no display on the 
monitor, though the power-
indicating LED glows. 
  Ensure that the video cable is properly 
connected. 
The mouse (or keyboard) does 
not work when the client is 
switched on. 
  Ensure that the mouse (or keyboard) is plugged 
in the correct PS/2 port. 
Reporting a Problem 
You can report a specific problem to the VXL after-sales service. To report a problem or 
check the status of your issue go to 
http://www.vxl.net/Support/Online-support.aspx. 
Note: For more information about reporting a problem and checking its status, refer to the 
Itona LQ/LQ+ series Installation Guide document shipped with your product.

--- Page 30 ---
Appendix  22 
Appendix  
Connectors 
The following section provides pin details for various connectors on the rear panel of the 
client.  
COM Port 
9-pin D-type male connector, RS232C compatible, operating at 115.2 K baud maximum. 
 
Pin   Signal  Description 
1  DCD  Data Carrier Detect 
2  RxD  Receive Data 
3  TxD  Transmit Data 
4  DTR  Data Terminal Ready 
5  GND  Signal Ground 
6  DSR  Data Set Ready 
7  RTS  Request To Send 
8  CTS  Clear To Send 
9   NC  Not Connected

--- Page 31 ---
23  Appendix 
Printer Port (Parallel) 
25-pin D-type female connector. ECP/EPP compatible. 
 
 
Pin   Signal 
1  STROBE 
2-9  DATA 0-7 
10  ACKNOWLEDGE 
11  BUSY 
12  PAPER END 
15  ERROR 
18-25  GROUND

--- Page 32 ---
Appendix  24 
Display Port 
20 pin port with 1.62, 2.7, or 5.4 Gbit/s data rate per lane; 1, 2, or 4 lanes; 1 Mbit/s or 720 
Mbit/s for the auxiliary channel.  
 
Pin  Signal    Pin  Signal   
1  Lane 0 (positive) 
 
11  Ground 
 
2  Ground 
 
12  Lane 3 (negative) 
 
3  Lane 0 (negative) 
 
13  Connected to Ground 
 
4  Lane 1 (positive) 
 
14  Connected to Ground 
 
5  Ground 
 
15  Auxiliary Channel (positive) 
 
6  Lane 1 (negative) 
 
16  Ground 
 
7  Lane 2 (positive) 
 
17  Auxiliary Channel (negative) 
 
8  Ground 
 
18  Hot Plug Detect 
 
9  Lane 2 (negative) 
 
19  Return for Power 
 
10  Lane 3 (positive) 
 
20  Power for connector (3.3 V 500 mA)

--- Page 33 ---
25  Appendix 
DVI-I Port 
Pin C1 to C5 carry the analogue signal.24+5 pin DVI Connector. 
 
Pin  Signal    Pin  Signal    Pin  Signal 
 1  TMDS Data 2-    11  TMDS Data 1/3 
Shield 
  21  TMDS Data 5+ 
 2  TMDS Data 2+    12  TMDS Data 3-    22  TMDS Clock 
Shield 
 3  TMDS Data 2/4 
Shield  
  13  TMDS Data 3+    23 
TMDS Clock + 
4  TMDS Data 4-    14  +5 V Power    24  TMDS Clock - 
5  TMDS Data 4+    15  Ground(for+5V)    C1  Analog Red 
6  DDC Clock    16  Hot Plug Detect    C2  Analog Green 
7  DDC Data      17  TMDS Data 0-    C3  Analog Blue 
8  Analog Vertical 
Sync 
   18 
TMDS Data 0+ 
  C4  Analog Horizontal 
Sync 
9  TMDS Data 1-    19 
TMDS Data 0/5 
Shield 
  C5  Analog Ground 
(analog R, G &  
B return) 
10  TMDS Data 1+    20  TMDS Data 5-

--- Page 34 ---
Appendix  26 
Gigabit Ethernet LAN Port 
RJ-45 modular 8-pin jack. 10/100/1000 Mbps. 
 
Pin  Signal 
1  TxD+ 
2  TxD- 
3  RxD+ 
6  RxD- 
 
PS/2 Mouse/Keyboard Port 
Mouse/Keyboard connector 
 
Pin   Signal 
 
Pin  Signal 
 1  Mouse / KBD data 
 
 4  VCC 
 2  NC 
 
 5  Mouse / KBD Clock 
 3  GND 
 
 6  NC 
 
Audio  Port 
Line Out/Mic ports. 
Standard audio jacks.

--- Page 35 ---
27  Appendix 
USB Port 2.0/USB Port 3.0 
4-pin series-A receptacle. 6 ports. 
 
Pin  Signal 
1  VCC 
2  D- 
3  D+ 
4  GND 
HDMI Port 
 
Pin  Signal    Pin  Signal   
1  TMDS Data2+ 
 
11  TMDS Clock Shield 
 
2  TMDS Data2 Shield 
 
12  TMDS Clock− 
 
3  TMDS Data2− 
 
13  CEC 
 
4  TMDS Data1+ 
 
14  Reserved (HDMI 1.0–1.3c),  
HEC Data (Optional, HDMI 1.4+ 
with Ethernet) 
 
5  TMDS Data1 Shield 
 
15  SCL (I²C Serial Clock for DDC) 
 
6  TMDS Data1− 
 
16  SDA (I²C Serial Data Line for DDC) 
 
7  TMDS Data0+ 
 
17  DDC/CEC/HEC Ground 
 
8  TMDS Data0 Shield 
 
18  +5 V (Max 0.05 Amp) 
 
9  TMDS Data0 Shield 
 
19  Return for Power

--- Page 36 ---
Appendix  28 
10  TMDS Clock+ 
 
20  Hot Plug detect (all versions) and  
HEC Data+ (optional, HDMI 
1.4+ with Ethernet)

