Brand: IBM
Model: Thinkpad T30
URL: https://www.manua.ls/ibm/thinkpad-t30/manual
Total Pages: 168
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
IBM Mobile Systems
ThinkPad Computer
Hardware Maintenance Manual
February 2003
This manual supports:
ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366/2367)
ThinkPad Dock (MT 2631)


--- Page 2 ---
Note
Before using this information and the product it
supports, be sure to read the general information
under “Notices” on page 162.
Second Edition (February 2003)
The following paragraph does not apply to the United
Kingdom or any country where such provisions are
inconsistent with local law:
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION
PROVIDES THIS PUBLICATION “AS IS” WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
LIMITED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Some states
do not allow disclaimer or express or implied warranties in
certain transactions; therefore, this statement may not
apply to you.
This publication could include technical inaccuracies or
typographical errors. Changes are periodically made to the
information herein; these changes will be incorporated in
new editions of the publication. IBM may make
improvements or changes to the products or the programs
described in this publication at any time.
It is possible that this publication may contain references
to, or information about, IBM products (machines and
programs), programming, or services that are not
announced in your country. Such references or information
must not be construed to mean that IBM intends to
announce such IBM products, programming, or services in
your country.
Requests for technical information about IBM products
should be made to your IBM authorized dealer or your IBM
marketing representative.
© Copyright International Business Machines
Corporation 2003. All rights reserved.
US Government Users Restricted Rights – Use, duplication
or disclosure restricted by GSA ADP Schedule Contract
with IBM Corp.

--- Page 3 ---
Contents
About this manual ...........1
Introduction .............3
Important service information .........3
Strategy for replacing FRUs ........3
How to use error messages ........4
Diskette compatibility matrix .........4
Safety notices: multilingual translations ......4
Safety information............16
General safety............16
Electrical safety ...........17
Safety inspection guide .........18
Handling devices that are sensitive to electorostatic
discharge ............19
Grounding requirements .........20
Laser compliance statement.........21
General descriptions ..........25
Read this first .............25
What to do first ...........25
Related service information .........27
Service web site ...........27
Restoring the preloaded system ......27
Passwords .............29
Power management ..........31
Checkout guide ............35
Testing the computer ..........35
Detecting system information with PC-Doctor. . . 37
Power system checkout .........38
ThinkPad T30.............41
Product overview ............43
Specifications ............43
Status indicators ...........45
FRU tests .............47
Fn key combinations ..........49
Symptom-to-FRU index ..........50
Numeric error codes ..........50
Error messages ...........53
Beep symptoms ...........54
LCD-related symptoms .........55
Intermittent problems ..........56
Undetermined problems .........56
FRU replacement notices .........57
Screw notices ............57
Retaining serial numbers.........58
Removing and replacing a FRU........60
1010 Battery pack...........61
1020 Ultrabay Plus device ........62
1030 Hard-disk drive ..........63
© Copyright IBM Corp. 2003
iii

--- Page 4 ---
1040 Shock absorber..........65
1050 Backup battery ..........67
1060 DIMM ............69
1070 Mini PCI adapter .........71
1080 Communication daughter card (CDC) . . . 74
1090 Keyboard ...........77
1100 Fan assembly ..........81
1110CPU.............85
1120 Keyboard bezel ..........87
1130 Hinge cover ...........92
1140 LCD assembly ..........94
1150 PC Card slot assembly .......100
1160 Speaker assembly ........101
1170 Hard-disk drive slot ........102
1180 Ultrabay Plus guide rail and microphone
cable .............103
1190 System board ..........106
1200 Bluetooth antenna louver assembly . . . 110
1210 I/O card............111
2010 LCD front bezel .........114
2020 Inverter card ..........115
2030 LCD panel and LCD cable assembly . . . 117
2040 Antenna assembly, hinges, and LCD cover 120
3010 ThinkPad Dock PCI cover ......125
3020 ThinkPad Dock top cover ......127
Locations ..............132
Front view ............132
Rear view.............134
Bottom view ............135
Parts list ..............136
T30 series model matrix ........136
Overall .............139
LCD FRUs ............149
Keyboard .............153
Recovery CDs ...........154
AC adapters ............156
Miscellaneous parts ..........156
Optional FRUs ...........159
Common parts list ..........160
Notices ..............162
Trademarks ............162
iv ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 5 ---
About this manual
This manual contains service and reference information for
IBM ThinkPad T30 (MT2366, 2367), and ThinkPad Dock
(MT2631) products. Use this manual along with the
advanced diagnostic tests to troubleshoot problems.
The manual is divided into sections as follows:
v The common sections provide general information,
guidelines, and safety information required in servicing
computers.
v The product-specific section includes service, reference,
and product-specific parts information.
Important
This manual is intended for trained service
personnel who are familiar with ThinkPad products.
Use this manual along with the advanced diagnostic
tests to troubleshoot problems effectively.
Before servicing an IBM ThinkPad product, be sure
to review the safety information under “Safety
notices: multilingual translations” on page 4, “Safety
information” on page 16, and “Laser compliance
statement” on page 21.
© Copyright IBM Corp. 2003 1

--- Page 7 ---
Introduction
Important service information
Important
BIOS and device driver fixes are
customer-installable. The BIOS and device drivers
are posted on the IBM support site
http://www.ibm.com/pc/support
Advise customers to contact the PC Company
HelpCenter at 800-772-2227 if they need assistance
in obtaining or installing any diskette fixes.
Customers in Canada should call IBM HelpPC at
800-565-3344 for assistance or download
information.
Strategy for replacing FRUs
Before replacing parts
Make sure that all diskette fixes are installed before
replacing any FRUs listed in this manual.
Use the following strategy to prevent unnecessary expense
for replacing and servicing FRUs:
v If you are instructed to replace a FRU but the
replacement does not correct the problem, reinstall
the original FRU before you continue.
v Some computers have both a processor board and a
system board. If you are instructed to replace either the
processor board or the system board, and replacing one
of them does not correct the problem, reinstall that
board, and then replace the other one.
v If an adapter or device consists of more than one FRU,
any of the FRUs may be the cause of the error. Before
replacing the adapter or device, remove the FRUs, one
by one, to see if the symptoms change. Replace only
the FRU that changed the symptoms.
Attention: The setup configuration on the computer you
are servicing may have been customized. Running
Automatic Configuration may alter the settings. Note the
current configuration settings (using the View Configuration
option); then, when service has been completed, verify that
those settings remain in effect.
© Copyright IBM Corp. 2003
3

--- Page 8 ---
Strategy for replacing a hard-disk drive
Always try to run a low-level format before replacing a
hard-disk drive.
Attention: The drive startup sequence in the computer
you are servicing may have been changed. Be extremely
careful during write operations such as copying, saving, or
formatting. If you select an incorrect drive, data or
programs can be overwritten.
How to use error messages
Use the error codes displayed on the screen to diagnose
failures. If more than one error code is displayed, begin the
diagnosis with the first error code. Whatever causes the
first error code may also cause false error codes. If no
error code is displayed, see if the error symptom is listed
in the Symptom-to-FRU Index for the computer you are
servicing.
Diskette compatibility matrix
The compatibility of each of the drives with the diskettes
for it is as follows:
Diskette
drive
Diskette
capacity
Compatibility
3.5-inch 1.0 MB Read and write
2.0 MB Read and write
4.0 MB Not compatible
Safety notices: multilingual translations
In this manual, safety notices appear in English with a
page number reference to the appropriate multilingual,
translated safety notice found in this section.
The following safety notices are provided in English,
French, German, Hebrew, Italian, and Spanish.
Important service information
4 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 9 ---
Safety notice 1
Before the computer is powered-on after FRU
replacement, make sure all screws, springs, and other
small parts are in place and are not left loose inside
the computer. Verify this by shaking the computer and
listening for rattling sounds. Metallic parts or metal
flakes can cause electrical shorts.
Avant de remettre l’ordinateur sous tension après
remplacement d’une unité en clientèle, vérifiez que
tous les ressorts, vis et autres pièces sont bien en
place et bien fixées. Pour ce faire, secouez l’unité et
assurez-vous qu’aucun bruit suspect ne se produit. Des
pièces métalliques ou des copeaux de métal pourraient
causer un court-circuit.
Bevor nach einem FRU-Austausch der Computer
wieder angeschlossen wird, muß sichergestellt werden,
daß keine Schrauben, Federn oder andere Kleinteile
fehlen oder im Gehäuse vergessen wurden. Der
Computer muß geschüttelt und auf Klappergeräusche
geprüft werden. Metallteile oder-splitter können
Kurzschlüsse erzeugen.
Prima di accendere l’elaboratore dopo che é stata
effettuata la sostituzione di una FRU, accertarsi che
tutte le viti, le molle e tutte le altri parti di piccole
dimensioni siano nella corretta posizione e non siano
sparse all’interno dell’elaboratore. Verificare ciò
scuotendo l’elaboratore e prestando attenzione ad
eventuali rumori; eventuali parti o pezzetti metallici
possono provocare cortocircuiti pericolosi.
Antes de encender el sistema despues de sustituir una
FRU, compruebe que todos los tornillos, muelles y
demás piezas pequeñas se encuentran en su sitio y no
se encuentran sueltas dentro del sistema.
Compruébelo agitando el sistema y escuchando los
posibles ruidos que provocarían. Las piezas metálicas
pueden causar cortocircuitos eléctricos.
Safety notices
Introduction 5

--- Page 10 ---
Safety notice 2
DANGER
Some standby batteries contain a small amount of
nickel and cadmium. Do not disassemble a standby
battery, recharge it, throw it into fire or water, or
short-circuit it. Dispose of the battery as required
by local ordinances or regulations. Use only the
battery in the appropriate parts listing. Use of an
incorrect battery can result in ignition or explosion
of the battery.
Certaines batteries de secours contiennent du
nickel et du cadmium. Ne les démontez pas, ne les
rechargez pas, ne les exposez ni au feu ni à l’eau.
Ne les mettez pas en court-circuit. Pour les mettre
au rebut, conformez-vous à la réglementation en
vigueur. Lorsque vous remplacez la pile de
sauvegarde ou celle de l’horloge temps réel, veillez
à n’utiliser que les modèles cités dans la liste de
pièces détachées adéquate. Une batterie ou une
pile inappropriée risque de prendre feu ou
d’exploser.
Die Bereitschaftsbatterie, die sich unter dem
Diskettenlaufwerk befindet, kann geringe Mengen
Nickel und Cadmium enthalten. Sie darf nur durch
die Verkaufsstelle oder den IBM Kundendienst
ausgetauscht werden. Sie darf nicht zerlegt,
wiederaufgeladen, kurzgeschlossen, oder Feuer
oder Wasser ausgesetzt werden. Die Batterie kann
schwere Verbrennungen oder Verätzungen
verursachen. Bei der Entsorgung die örtlichen
Bestimmungen für Sondermüll beachten. Beim
Ersetzen der Bereitschafts-oder Systembatterie nur
Batterien des Typs verwenden, der in der
Ersatzteilliste aufgeführt ist. Der Einsatz falscher
Batterien kann zu Entzündung oder Explosion
führen.
(continued)
Safety notices
6 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 11 ---
(continuation of safety notice 2)
Alcune batterie di riserva contengono una piccola
quantità di nichel e cadmio. Non smontarle,
ricaricarle, gettarle nel fuoco o nell’acqua né
cortocircuitarle. Smaltirle secondo la normativa in
vigore (DPR 915/82, successive disposizioni e
disposizioni locali). Quando si sostituisce la
batteria dell’RTC (real time clock) o la batteria di
supporto, utilizzare soltanto i tipi inseriti
nell’appropriato Catalogo parti. L’impiego di una
batteria non adatta potrebbe determinare l’incendio
ol’esplosione della batteria stessa.
Algunas baterías de reserva contienen una
pequeña cantidad de níquel y cadmio. No las
desmonte, ni recargue, ni las eche al fuego o al
agua ni las cortocircuite. Deséchelas tal como
dispone la normativa local. Utilice sólo baterías que
se encuentren en la lista de piezas. La utilización
de una batería no apropiada puede provocar la
ignición o explosión de la misma.
Safety notices
Introduction 7

--- Page 12 ---
Safety notice 3
DANGER
The battery pack contains small amounts of nickel.
Do not disassemble it, throw it into fire or water, or
short-circuit it. Dispose of the battery pack as
required by local ordinances or regulations. Use
only the battery in the appropriate parts listing
when replacing the battery pack. Use of an
incorrect battery can result in ignition or explosion
of the battery.
La batterie contient du nickel. Ne la démontez pas,
ne l’exposez ni au feu ni à l’eau. Ne la mettez pas
en court-circuit. Pour la mettre au rebut,
conformez-vous à la réglementation en vigueur.
Lorsque vous remplacez la batterie, veillez à
n’utiliser que les modèles cités dans la liste de
pièces détachées adéquate. En effet, une batterie
inappropriée risque de prendre feu ou d’exploser.
Akkus enthalten geringe Mengen von Nickel. Sie
dürfen nicht zerlegt, wiederaufgeladen,
kurzgeschlossen, oder Feuer oder Wasser
ausgesetzt werden. Bei der Entsorgung die
örtlichen Bestimmungen für Sondermüll beachten.
Beim Ersetzen der Batterie nur Batterien des Typs
verwenden, der in der Ersatzteilliste aufgeführt ist.
Der Einsatz falscher Batterien kann zu Entzündung
oder Explosion führen.
(continued)
Safety notices
8 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 13 ---
(continuation of safety notice 3)
La batteria contiene piccole quantità di nichel. Non
smontarla, gettarla nel fuoco o nell’acqua né
cortocircuitarla. Smaltirla secondo la normativa in
vigore (DPR 915/82, successive disposizioni e
disposizioni locali). Quando si sostituisce la
batteria, utilizzare soltanto i tipi inseriti
nell’appropriato Catalogo parti. L’impiego di una
batteria non adatta potrebbe determinare l’incendio
ol’esplosione della batteria stessa.
Las baterías contienen pequeñas cantidades de
níquel. No las desmonte, ni recargue, ni las eche al
fuego o al agua ni las cortocircuite. Deséchelas tal
como dispone la normativa local. Utilice sólo
baterías que se encuentren en la lista de piezas al
sustituir la batería. La utilización de una bateríano
apropiada puede provocar la ignición o explosión
de la misma.
Safety notices
Introduction 9

--- Page 14 ---
Safety notice 4
DANGER
The lithium battery can cause a fire, an explosion,
or a severe burn. Do not recharge it, remove its
polarized connector, disassemble it, heat it above
100°C (212°F), incinerate it, or expose its cell
contents to water. Dispose of the battery as
required by local ordinances or regulations. Use
only the battery in the appropriate parts listing. Use
of an incorrect battery can result in ignition or
explosion of the battery.
La pile de sauvegarde contient du lithium. Elle
présente des risques d’incendie, d’explosion ou de
brûlures graves. Ne la rechargez pas, ne retirez pas
son connecteur polarisé et ne la démontez pas. Ne
l’exposez pas à une temperature supérieure à
100°C, ne la faites pas brûler et n’en exposez pas
le contenu à l’eau. Mettez la pile au rebut
conformément à la réglementation en vigueur. Une
pile inappropriée risque de prendre feu ou
d’exploser.
Die Systembatterie ist eine Lithiumbatterie. Sie
kann sich entzünden, explodieren oder schwere
Verbrennungen hervorrufen. Batterien dieses Typs
dürfen nicht aufgeladen, zerlegt, über 100 C erhitzt
oder verbrannt werden. Auch darf ihr Inhalt nicht
mit Wasser in Verbindung gebracht oder der zur
richtigen Polung angebrachte Verbindungsstecker
entfernt werden. Bei der Entsorgung die örtlichen
Bestimmungen für Sondermüll beachten. Beim
Ersetzen der Batterie nur Batterien des Typs
verwenden, der in der Ersatzteilliste aufgeführt ist.
Der Einsatz falscher Batterien kann zu Entzündung
oder Explosion führen.
(continued)
Safety notices
10 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 15 ---
(continuation of safety notice 4)
La batteria di supporto e una batteria al litio e puo
incendiarsi, esplodere o procurare gravi ustioni.
Evitare di ricaricarla, smontarne il connettore
polarizzato, smontarla, riscaldarla ad una
temperatura superiore ai 100 gradi centigradi,
incendiarla o gettarla in acqua. Smaltirla secondo
la normativa in vigore (DPR 915/82, successive
disposizioni e disposizioni locali). L’impiego di una
batteria non adatta potrebbe determinare l’incendio
ol’esplosione della batteria stessa.
La batería de repuesto es una batería de litio y
puede provocar incendios, explosiones o
quemaduras graves. No la recargue, ni quite el
conector polarizado, ni la desmonte, ni caliente por
encima de los 100°C (212°F), ni la incinere ni
exponga el contenido de sus celdas al agua.
Deséchela tal como dispone la normativa local.
Safety notices
Introduction 11

--- Page 16 ---
Safety notice 5
If the LCD breaks and the fluid from inside the LCD
gets into your eyes or on your hands, immediately
wash the affected areas with water for at least 15
minutes. Seek medical care if any symptoms from the
fluid are present after washing.
Si le panneau d’affichage à cristaux liquides se brise et
que vous recevez dans les yeux ou sur les mains une
partie du fluide, rincez-les abondamment pendant au
moins quinze minutes. Consultez un médecin si des
symptômes persistent après le lavage.
Die Leuchtstoffröhre im LCD-Bildschirm enthält
Quecksilber. Bei der Entsorgung die örtlichen
Bestimmungen für Sondermüll beachten. Der
LCD-Bildschirm besteht aus Glas und kann zerbrechen,
wenn er unsachgemäß behandelt wird oder der
Computer auf den Boden fällt. Wenn der Bildschirm
beschädigt ist und die darin befindliche Flüssigkeit in
Kontakt mit Haut und Augen gerät, sollten die
betroffenen Stellen mindestens 15 Minuten mit Wasser
abgespült und bei Beschwerden anschließend ein Arzt
aufgesucht werden.
Nel caso che caso l’LCD si dovesse rompere ed il
liquido in esso contenuto entrasse in contatto con gli
occhi o le mani, lavare immediatamente le parti
interessate con acqua corrente per almeno 15 minuti;
poi consultare un medico se i sintomi dovessero
permanere.
Si la LCD se rompe y el fluido de su interior entra en
contacto con sus ojos o sus manos, lave
inmediatamente las áreas afectadas con agua durante
15 minutos como mínimo. Obtenga atención medica si
se presenta algúnsíntoma del fluido despues de
lavarse.
Safety notices
12 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 17 ---
Safety notice 6
DANGER
To avoid shock, do not remove the plastic cover
that protects the lower part of the inverter card.
Afin d’éviter tout risque de choc électrique, ne
retirez pas le cache en plastique protégeant la
partie inférieure de la carte d’alimentation.
Aus Sicherheitsgründen die Kunststoffabdeckung,
die den unteren Teil der Spannungswandlerplatine
umgibt, nicht entfernen.
Per evitare scosse elettriche, non rimuovere la
copertura in plastica che avvolge la parte inferiore
della scheda invertitore.
Para evitar descargas, no quite la cubierta de
plástico que rodea la parte baja de la tarjeta
invertida.
Safety notices
Introduction 13

--- Page 18 ---
Safety notice 7
DANGER
Though the main batteries have low voltage, a
shorted or grounded battery can produce enough
current to burn personnel or combustible materials.
Bien que le voltage des batteries principales soit
peu élevé, le court-circuit ou la mise à la masse
d’une batterie peut produire suffisamment de
courant pour brûler des matériaux combustibles ou
causer des brûlures corporelles graves.
Obwohl Hauptbatterien eine niedrige Spannung
haben, können sie doch bei Kurzschluß oder
Erdung genug Strom abgeben, um brennbare
Materialien zu entzünden oder Verletzungen bei
Personen hervorzurufen.
Sebbene le batterie di alimentazione siano a basso
voltaggio, una batteria in corto circuito o a massa
può fornire corrente sufficiente da bruciare
materiali combustibili o provocare ustioni ai tecnici
di manutenzione.
Aunque las baterías principales tienen un voltaje
bajo, una batería cortocircuitada o con contacto a
tierra puede producir la corriente suficiente como
para quemar material combustible o provocar
quemaduras en el personal.
Safety notices
14 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 19 ---
Safety notice 8
DANGER
Before removing any FRU, power off the computer,
unplug all power cords from electrical outlets,
remove the battery pack, and then disconnect any
interconnecting cables.
Avant de retirer une unité remplaçable en clientèle,
mettez le système hors tension, débranchez tous
les cordons d’alimentation des socles de prise de
courant, retirez la batterie et déconnectez tous les
cordons d’interface.
Die Stromzufuhr muß abgeschaltet, alle Stromkabel
aus der Steckdose gezogen, der Akku entfernt und
alle Verbindungskabel abgenommen sein, bevor
eine FRU entfernt wird.
Prima di rimuovere qualsiasi FRU, spegnere il
sistema, scollegare dalle prese elettriche tutti i cavi
di alimentazione, rimuovere la batteria e poi
scollegare i cavi di interconnessione.
Antes de quitar una FRU, apague el sistema,
desenchufe todos los cables de las tomas de
corriente eléctrica, quite la bateríay,a
continuación, desconecte cualquier cable de
conexión entre dispositivos.
Safety notices
Introduction 15

--- Page 20 ---
Safety information
The following section presents the safety information that
you need to be familiar with before servicing an IBM
mobile computer.
General safety
Follow these rules to ensure general safety:
v Observe good housekeeping in the area of the
machines during and after maintenance.
v When lifting any heavy object:
1. Ensure you can stand safely without slipping.
2. Distribute the weight of the object equally between
your feet.
3. Use a slow lifting force. Never move suddenly or
twist when you attempt to lift.
4. Lift by standing or by pushing up with your leg
muscles; this action removes the strain from the
muscles in your back. Do not attempt to lift any
object that weighs more than 16 kg (35 lb) or objects
that you think are too heavy for you.
v Do not perform any action that causes hazards to the
customer, or that makes the equipment unsafe.
v Before you start the machine, ensure that other service
representatives and the customer’s personnel are not in
a hazardous position.
v Place removed covers and other parts in a safe place,
away from all personnel, while you are servicing the
machine.
v Keep your toolcase away from walk areas so that other
people will not trip over it.
v Do not wear loose clothing that can be trapped in the
moving parts of a machine. Make sure that your sleeves
are fastened or rolled up above your elbows. If your hair
is long, fasten it.
v Insert the ends of your necktie or scarf inside clothing or
fasten it with a nonconductive clip, approximately 8
centimeters (3 inches) from the end.
v Do not wear jewelry, chains, metal-frame eyeglasses, or
metal fasteners for your clothing.
Attention: Metal objects are good electrical
conductors.
v Wear safety glasses when you are hammering, drilling,
soldering, cutting wire, attaching springs, using solvents,
or working in any other conditions that might be
hazardous to your eyes.
Safety information
16 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 21 ---
v After service, reinstall all safety shields, guards, labels,
and ground wires. Replace any safety device that is
worn or defective.
v Reinstall all covers correctly before returning the
machine to the customer.
Electrical safety
Observe the following rules when working on electrical
equipment.
Important
Use only approved tools and test equipment. Some
hand tools have handles covered with a soft
material that does not insulate you when working
with live electrical currents.
Many customers have, near their equipment, rubber
floor mats that contain small conductive fibers to
decrease electrostatic discharges. Do not use this
type of mat to protect yourself from electrical shock.
v Find the room emergency power-off (EPO) switch,
disconnecting switch, or electrical outlet. If an electrical
accident occurs, you can then operate the switch or
unplug the power cord quickly.
v Do not work alone under hazardous conditions or near
equipment that has hazardous voltages.
v Disconnect all power before:
– Performing a mechanical inspection
– Working near power supplies
– Removing or installing main units
v Before you start to work on the machine, unplug the
power cord. If you cannot unplug it, ask the customer to
power-off the wall box that supplies power to the
machine and to lock the wall box in the off position.
v If you need to work on a machine that has exposed
electrical circuits, observe the following precautions:
– Ensure that another person, familiar with the
power-off controls, is near you.
Attention: Another person must be there to switch
off the power, if necessary.
– Use only one hand when working with powered-on
electrical equipment; keep the other hand in your
pocket or behind your back.
Attention: An electrical shock can occur only when
there is a complete circuit. By observing the above
rule, you may prevent a current from passing through
your body.
Safety information
Introduction 17

--- Page 22 ---
– When using testers, set the controls correctly and
use the approved probe leads and accessories for
that tester.
– Stand on suitable rubber mats (obtained locally, if
necessary) to insulate you from grounds such as
metal floor strips and machine frames.
Observe the special safety precautions when you work
with very high voltages; these instructions are in the
safety sections of maintenance information. Use
extreme care when measuring high voltages.
v Regularly inspect and maintain your electrical hand tools
for safe operational condition.
v Do not use worn or broken tools and testers.
v Never assume that power has been disconnected from
a circuit. First, check that it has been powered off.
v Always look carefully for possible hazards in your work
area. Examples of these hazards are moist floors,
nongrounded power extension cables, power surges,
and missing safety grounds.
v Do not touch live electrical circuits with the reflective
surface of a plastic dental mirror. The surface is
conductive; such touching can cause personal injury and
machine damage.
v Do not service the following parts with the power on
when they are removed from their normal operating
places in a machine:
– Power supply units
– Pumps
– Blowers and fans
– Motor generators
and similar units. (This practice ensures correct
grounding of the units.)
v If an electrical accident occurs:
– Use caution; do not become a victim yourself.
– Switch off power.
– Send another person to get medical aid.
Safety inspection guide
The purpose of this inspection guide is to assist you in
identifying potentially unsafe conditions. As each machine
was designed and built, required safety items were
installed to protect users and service personnel from injury.
This guide addresses only those items. You should use
good judgment to identify potential safety hazards due to
attachment of non-IBM features or options not covered by
this inspection guide.
Safety information
18 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 23 ---
If any unsafe conditions are present, you must determine
how serious the apparent hazard could be and whether
you can continue without first correcting the problem.
Consider these conditions and the safety hazards they
present:
v Electrical hazards, especially primary power (primary
voltage on the frame can cause serious or fatal
electrical shock)
v Explosive hazards, such as a damaged CRT face or a
bulging capacitor
v Mechanical hazards, such as loose or missing hardware
To determine whether there are any potentially unsafe
conditions, use the following checklist at the beginning of
every service task. Begin the checks with the power off,
and the power cord disconnected.
Checklist:
1. Check exterior covers for damage (loose, broken, or
sharp edges).
2. Power-off the computer. Disconnect the power cord.
3. Check the power cord for:
a. A third-wire ground connector in good condition.
Use a meter to measure third-wire ground
continuity for 0.1 ohm or less between the external
ground pin and frame ground.
b. The power cord should be the type specified in the
parts list.
c. Insulation must not be frayed or worn.
4. Remove the cover.
5. Check for any obvious non-IBM alterations. Use good
judgment as to the safety of any non-IBM alterations.
6. Check inside the unit for any obvious unsafe
conditions, such as metal filings, contamination, water
or other liquids, or signs of fire or smoke damage.
7. Check for worn, frayed, or pinched cables.
8. Check that the power-supply cover fasteners (screws
or rivets) have not been removed or tampered with.
Handling devices that are sensitive to
electorostatic discharge
Any computer part containing transistors or integrated
circuits (ICs) should be considered sensitive to electrostatic
discharge (ESD.) ESD damage can occur when there is a
difference in charge between objects. Protect against ESD
Safety information
Introduction 19

--- Page 24 ---
damage by equalizing the charge so that the machine, the
part, the work mat, and the person handling the part are all
at the same charge.
Notes
1. Use product-specific ESD procedures when they
exceed the requirements noted here.
2. Make sure that the ESD protective devices you
use have been certified (ISO 9000) as fully
effective.
When handling ESD-sensitive parts:
v Keep the parts in protective packages until they are
inserted into the product.
v Avoid contact with other people.
v Wear a grounded wrist strap against your skin to
eliminate static on your body.
v Prevent the part from touching your clothing. Most
clothing is insulative and retains a charge even when
you are wearing a wrist strap.
v Use the black side of a grounded work mat to provide a
static-free work surface. The mat is especially useful
when handling ESD-sensitive devices.
v Select a grounding system, such as those listed below,
to provide protection that meets the specific service
requirement.
Note
The use of a grounding system is desirable but
not required to protect against ESD damage.
– Attach the ESD ground clip to any frame ground,
ground braid, or green-wire ground.
– Use an ESD common ground or reference point
when working on a double-insulated or
battery-operated system. You can use coax or
connector-outside shells on these systems.
– Use the round ground-prong of the AC plug on
AC-operated computers.
Grounding requirements
Electrical grounding of the computer is required for
operator safety and correct system function. Proper
grounding of the electrical outlet can be verified by a
certified electrician.
Safety information
20 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 25 ---
Laser compliance statement
Some IBM Personal Computer models are equipped from
the factory with an optical storage device such as a
CD-ROM drive or a DVD-ROM drive. They are also sold
separately as options. The drive is certified in the U.S. to
conform to the requirements of the Department of Health
and Human Services 21 Code of Federal Regulations
(DHHS 21 CFR) Subchapter J for Class 1 laser products.
Elsewhere, the drive is certified to conform to the
requirements of the International Electrotechnical
Commission (IEC) 825 and CENELEC EN 60 825 for
Class 1 laser products.
Laser compliance statement
Introduction 21

--- Page 26 ---
When a CD-ROM drive, DVD drive or the other laser
product is installed, note the following:
CAUTION:
Opening the CD-ROM drive, DVD-ROM drive or the other
optical storage device could result in exposure to
hazardous laser radiation. There are no serviceable parts
inside those drives. Do not open.
Use of controls or adjustments or performance of
procedures other than those specified herein might
result in hazardous radiation exposure.
O uso de controles, ajustes ou desempenho de
procedimentos diferentes daqueles aqui
especificados pode resultar em perigosa exposição
à radiação.
Pour éviter tout risque d’exposition au rayon laser,
respectez les consignes de réglage et d’utilisation
des commandes, ainsi que les procédures décrites.
Werden Steuer- und Einstellelemente anders als
hier festgesetzt verwendet, kann gefährliche
Laserstrahlung auftreten.
L’utilizzo di controlli, regolazioni o l’esecuzione di
procedure diverse da quelle specificate possono
provocare l’esposizione a.
El uso de controles o ajustes o la ejecuciónde
procedimientos distintos de los aquí especificados
puede provocar la exposición a radiaciones
peligrosas.
Laser compliance statement
22 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 27 ---
Some CD-ROM drives, DVD-ROM drives, or other optical
storage devices contain an embedded Class 3A or Class
3B laser diode. Note the following:
DANGER
Emits visible and invisible laser radiation when
open. Do not stare into the beam, do not view
directly with optical instruments, and avoid direct
exposure to the beam.
Radiação por raio laser ao abrir. Não olhe fixo no
feixe de luz, não olhe diretamente por meio de
instrumentos óticos e evite exposição direta com o
feixe de luz.
Rayonnement laser si carter ouvert. Évitez de fixer
le faisceau, de le regarder directement avec des
instruments optiques, ou de vous exposer au
rayon.
Laserstrahlung bei geöffnetem Gerät. Nicht direkt
oder über optische Instrumente in den Laserstrahl
sehen und den Strahlungsbereich meiden.
Kinyitáskor lézersugár!Nenézzen bele se szabad
szemmel, se optikai eszközökkel. Kerülje a
sugárnyalábbal valóérintkezést !.
Aprendo l’unità vengono emesse radiazioni laser.
Non fissare il fascio, non guardarlo direttamente
con strumenti ottici e evitare l’esposizione diretta al
fascio.
Radiaciónláser al abrir. No mire fijamente ni
examine con instrumental óptico el haz de luz.
Evite la exposición directa al haz.
Laser compliance statement
Introduction 23

--- Page 28 ---
Laser compliance statement
24 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 29 ---
General descriptions
This chapter includes descriptions for any ThinkPad model
that has the PC-Doctor DOS diagnostics program. Some
descriptions might not apply to your particular computer.
Read this first
Before you go to the checkout guide, be sure to read this
section.
Important notes
v Only certified trained personnel should
service the computer.
v Read the entire FRU removal and replacement
page before replacing any FRU.
v Use new nylon-coated screws when you
replace FRUs.
v Be extremely careful during such write
operations as copying, saving, or formatting.
Drives in the computer that you are servicing
sequence might have been altered. If you select
an incorrect drive, data or programs might be
overwritten.
v Replace FRUs only for the correct model.
When you replace a FRU, make sure the model
of the machine and the FRU part number are
correct by referring to the FRU parts list.
v A FRU should not be replaced because of a
single, unreproducible failure. Single failures
can occur for a variety of reasons that have
nothing to do with a hardware defect, such as
cosmic radiation, electrostatic discharge, or
software errors. Consider replacing a FRU only
when a problem recurs. If you suspect that a
FRU is defective, clear the error log and run the
test again. If the error does not recur, do not
replace the FRU.
v Be careful not to replace a nondefective FRU.
What to do first
When you do return a FRU, you must include the following
information in the parts exchange form or parts return form
that you attach to it:
__ 1. Name and phone number of servicer
__ 2. Date of service
__ 3. Date on which the machine failed
© Copyright IBM Corp. 2003
25

--- Page 30 ---
__ 4. Date of purchase
__ 5. Failure symptoms, error codes appearing on the
display, and beep symptoms
__ 6. Procedure index and page number in which the
failing FRU was detected
__ 7. Failing FRU name and part number
__ 8. Machine type, model number, and serial number
__ 9. Customer’s name and address
Note for warranty:
During the warranty period, the customer may be
responsible for repair costs if the computer damage was
caused by misuse, accident, modification, unsuitable
physical or operating environment, or improper
maintenance by the customer. The following list provides
some common items that are not covered under warranty
and some symptoms that might indicate that the system
was subjected to stress beyond normal use.
Before checking problems with the computer, determine
whether the damage is covered under the warranty by
referring to the following:
The following are not covered under warranty:
v LCD panel cracked from the application of excessive
force or from being dropped
v Scratched (cosmetic) parts
v Distortion, deformation, or discoloration of the cosmetic
parts
v Cracked or broken plastic parts, broken latches, broken
pins, or broken connectors caused by excessive force
v Damage caused by liquid spilled into the system
v Damage caused by the improper insertion of a PC Card
or the installation of an incompatible card
v Damage caused by foreign material in the diskette drive
v Diskette drive damage caused by pressure on the
diskette drive cover or by the insertion of a diskette with
multiple labels
v Damaged or bent diskette eject button
v Fuses blown by attachment of a nonsupported device
v Forgotten computer password (making the computer
unusable)
v Sticky keys caused by spilling a liquid onto the keyboard
The following symptoms might indicate damage
caused by nonwarranted activities:
v Missing parts might be a symptom of unauthorized
service or modification.
v If the spindle of a hard-disk drive becomes noisy, it may
have been subjected to excessive force, or dropped.
Read this first
26 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 31 ---
Related service information
This section provides information about the following:
v “Service web site”
v “Restoring the preloaded system”
v “Passwords” on page 29
v “Power management” on page 31
Service web site
When the latest maintenance diskette and the system
program service diskette become available, a notice will be
posted on http://www.ibm.com/pc/partner/infotips
Restoring the preloaded system
If the data on a hard-disk drive is damaged or accidentally
erased, you can restore the software that was shipped with
the computer. This software includes the pre-installed
operating system, applications, and device drivers.
To restore the pre-installed software, you can use either
the Product Recovery program or a recovery CD.
Ordering the recovery CD
When the hard-disk drive is replaced because of a
failure, no Product Recovery program is on the new
hard disk. In this case, you must use the Product
Recovery CD for the computer. Order the recovery
CD and the hard-disk drive at the same time so that
you can recover the new hard-disk drive with the
pre-installed software when they arrive. For
information on which CD to order, see “Recovery
CDs” on page 154
The Product Recovery program is in the service partition, a
section of the hard-disk drive that is not displayed by
Windows Explorer.
Attention: All of the files on the primary hard-disk
partition (usually drive C) will be lost in the recovery
process. Be sure to back up copies of the files you have
saved on your drive C before you begin.
Product Recovery program
Note: The recovery process might take up to 2 hours.
To use the Product Recovery program to restore the
pre-installed software, do the following:
1. Save all files and shut down the desktop.
2. Turn off the computer.
Related service information
General descriptions 27

--- Page 32 ---
3. Turn on the computer. If you are using Windows XP,
three messages (F1, F11, and F12) appear on the
screen for a few seconds. One of them is “Press F11
to invoke the IBM Product Recovery program”.
While the message is displayed, quickly press F11.
4. From the list displayed on the screen, select the
operating system you want to recover.
5. Select the recovery options you want, and follow the
instructions on the screen.
6. When the Product Recovery program finishes running,
the computer will restart with the pre-installed operating
system, drivers, and software.
Using the recovery CD
To create the service partition and install the preloaded
system from the recovery CD, do the following:
To create the service partition:
1. Erase all partitions on the hard-disk drive, using FDISK
or a similar application.
2. Boot with the recovery CD (and the boot diskette if
required.)
3. Following message is displayed: “Your computer
originally included a Product Recovery program ...
Reinstall the Product Recovery program? (Y/N) [ ]”.
Note: If the hard-disk drive contains any partitions, you
do not receive this message; go to step 1.
4. Press Y key. The service partition is created and
loaded with the Product Recovery program files.
Note: If you do not want to create the service partition,
press N key, and then go to step 8.
5. At next window, press Enter to continue.
v The service partition is created. The system
automatically reboots during this process.
v The recovery process copies some files to the
service partition, and PKUNZIPs others.
v Follow the prompts. You may be prompted to
change CDs.
v When the process is complete, the system reboots.
Continue to step 6 to install preloaded system.
Install preloaded system from CD:
6. Boot with the recovery CD (and the boot diskette if
required.)
7. If the hard-disk drive is blank, the following message
is displayed: “Your computer originally included a
Related service information
28 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 33 ---
Product Recovery program ... Reinstall the
Product Recovery program? (Y/N) [ ]”.
v To install the service partition, go to step 4.
v To preload the hard-disk drive without installing the
service partition, press N key.
8. If you get a message asking which operating system
to install, select the proper operating system and
press Enter.
9. A message is displayed: “Full Recovery:”. Press
Enter to select.
10. On each of the next three windows, press the Y key.
11. Follow the prompts to complete the recovery.
Passwords
As many as three passwords may be needed for any
ThinkPad computer: the power-on password (POP), the
hard-disk password (HDP), and the supervisor password
(SVP).
If any of these passwords has been set, a prompt for it
appears on the screen whenever the computer is turned
on. The computer does not start until the password is
entered.
Exception: If only an SVP is installed, the password
prompt does not appear when the operating
system is booted.
Power-on password:
A power-on password (POP) protects the system from
being powered on by an unauthorized person. The
password must be entered before an operating system can
be booted.
Hard-disk password:
There are two hard-disk passwords (HDPs):
v User HDP—for the user
v Master HDP—for the system administrator, who can use
it to get access to the hard disk even if the user has
changed the user HDP
Note: There are two modes for the HDP: User only and
Master + User. The Master + User mode requires
two HDPs; the system administrator enters both in
the same operation. The system administrator then
provides the user HDP to the system user.
Related service information
General descriptions 29

--- Page 34 ---
Attention: If the user HDP has been forgotten, check
whether a master HDP has been set. If it has, it can be
used for access to the hard-disk drive. If no master HDP is
available, IBM does not provide any services to reset
either the user or the master HDP, or to recover data from
the hard-disk drive. The hard-disk drive can be replaced
for a scheduled fee.
Supervisor password:
A supervisor password (SVP) protects the system
information stored in the IBM BIOS Setup Utility. The SVP
must be entered in order to get access to the IBM BIOS
Setup Utility and make changes to system configuration
settings.
Attention: If the SVP has been forgotten and cannot be
made available to the servicer, there is no service
procedure to reset the password. The system board must
be replaced for a scheduled fee.
How to remove the power-on password
To remove a POP that you have forgotten, do the
following:
(A) If no SVP has been set:
1. Turn off the computer.
2. Remove the battery pack.
For how to remove the battery pack, see “1010 Battery
pack” on page 61.
3. Remove the backup battery.
For how to remove the backup battery, see “1050
Backup battery” on page 67.
4. Turn on the computer and wait until the POST ends.
After the POST ends, the password prompt does not
appear. The POP has been removed.
5. Reinstall the backup battery and the battery pack.
(B) If an SVP has been set and is known by the servicer:
1. Turn on the computer; then, while the “To interrupt
normal startup, press the blue Access IBM button”
message is displayed at the lower-left of the screen,
press the Access IBM button.
2. Enter the SVP. Select Start setup utility.
3. Select Security, using the cursor keys to move down
the menu.
4. Select Password.
5. Select Power-On Password.
6. At the Enter Current Password field, enter the SVP.
Related service information
30 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 35 ---
7. When the Enter New Password field opens, leave it
blank and press Enter twice.
8. In the Changes have been saved window, press Enter.
9. Press F10; then, in the Setup confirmation window,
select Yes .
How to remove the hard-disk password
Attention: If User only mode is selected and the user
HDP has been forgotten and cannot be made available to
the servicer, IBM does not provide any services to reset
the user HDPs or to recover data from the hard-disk drive.
The hard-disk drive can be replaced for a scheduled fee.
To remove a user HDP that has been forgotten, when the
SVP and the master HDP are known, do the following:
1. Turn on the computer; then, while the “To interrupt
normal startup, press the blue Access IBM button”
message is displayed at the lower-left of the screen,
press the Access IBM button.
2. Enter the SVP. Select Start setup utility.
3. Select Security, using the cursor keys to move down
the menu.
4. Select Password.
5. Select Hard-disk x password, where x is the letter of
the hard-disk drive. A pop-up window opens.
6. Select Master HDP.
7. Enter the master HDP; then leave the New Password
field blank and press Enter twice.
8. Press F10.
9. Select Yes in the Setup Configuration window.
Both user HDP and master HDP will have been
removed.
Power management
To reduce power consumption, the computer has three
power management modes: screen blank, standby, and
hibernation.
Notes
v Screen blank mode is called standby mode in
Windows NT.
v Standby mode is called suspend mode in
Windows NT.
Screen blank mode
Screen blank mode has three variants, as follows:
Related service information
General descriptions 31

--- Page 36 ---
1. If you press Fn+F3, or the time set on the “LCD off
timer” in IBM BIOS Setup Utility expires,
v The LCD backlight turns off.
v The hard-disk drive motor stops.
v The speaker is muted.
2. If you are using the ACPI operating system and you
press Fn+F3,
v The LCD backlight turns off.
v The hard-disk drive motor stops.
3. If the time set on the “Turn off monitor” timer in the
operating system expires,
v The LCD backlight turns off.
To end screen blank mode and resume normal operation,
press any key.
Standby mode
When the computer enters standby mode, the following
events occur in addition to what occurs in screen blank
mode:
v The LCD is powered off.
v The hard-disk drive is powered off.
v The CPU stops.
To enter standby mode, press Fn+F4.
Note: You can change the action of Fn+F4, if you are
using the ACPI operating system.
In certain circumstances, the computer goes into standby
mode automatically:
v If a “suspend time” has been set on the timer, and the
user does not do any operation with the keyboard, the
TrackPoint, the hard disk, the parallel connector, or the
diskette drive within that time.
v If the battery indicator blinks orange, indicating that the
battery power is low. (Alternatively, if Hibernate when
battery becomes low has been selected in the “Power
Management Properties” window, the computer goes
into hibernation mode.)
Note for the APM operating system:
Even if you do not set the low-battery alarm, the charge
indicator notifies you when the battery is low, and then the
computer enters the power-saving mode automatically.
This default low-battery behavior is independent of the
operating system; so if you have set the low-battery alarm,
the computer may not do what you specified. It chooses
either your setting or the default setting, whichever is
appropriate.
Related service information
32 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 37 ---
If you are using the ACPI operating system, only the
low-battery alarm is available.
To cause the computer to return from standby mode and
resume operation, do one of the following:
v Press the Fn key.
v Open the LCD cover.
v Turn on the power switch.
Also, the computer automatically returns from standby
mode and resumes operation in either of the following
events:
v The ring indicator (RI) is signaled by a serial device or a
PC Card device (Windows 2000 does not support the
ring indicator (RI) resume by PC Card device.)
v The time set on the resume timer elapses. In Windows
98, the Scheduled Tasks setting takes priority over the
Resume on timer selection in the “Power Management
Properties” window.
Note: The computer does not accept any input
immediately after it enters standby mode. Wait a
few seconds before taking any action to reenter
operation mode.
Hibernation mode
Note for Windows NT
If you are using Windows NT in NTFS format, you
cannot create a hibernation file. If you want to use
hibernation mode, you will need to reinstall Windows
NT with FAT format.
Note for OS/2
If you are using OS/2 in the default format, HPFS,
you cannot create a hibernation file. If you want to
use hibernation mode, you will need to reinstall
OS/2 with FAT format.
In hibernation mode, the following occurs:
v The system status, RAM, VRAM, and setup data are
stored on the hard disk.
v The system is powered off.
Note: If the computer enters the hibernation mode while it
is docked to the docking station, do not undock it
from the docking station before resuming normal
operation. If you do undock it and then try to
Related service information
General descriptions 33

--- Page 38 ---
resume normal operation, you will get an error
message, and you will have to restart the system.
To cause the computer to enter hibernation mode, do any
of the following:
v Press the Fn+F12 keys.
v If you are using the APM operating system and have set
the mode to Power switch mode [Hibernation], turn
off the power switch.
v If you are using the ACPI operating system and have
defined one of the following actions as the event that
causes the system to go into hibernation mode, perform
that action.
– Closing the lid.
– Pressing the power button.
– Pressing Fn+F4 keys.
Also, the computer goes into hibernation mode
automatically in either of the following conditions:
v If a “hibernation time” has been set on the timer, and the
user does not do any operation with the keyboard, the
TrackPoint, the hard-disk drive, the parallel connector, or
the diskette drive within that time.
v If the timer conditions are satisfied in suspend mode.
v If you are using the APM operating system and have set
the mode to Hibernate when battery becomes low,
and the battery charge becomes critically low.
When the power is turned on, the computer returns from
hibernation mode and resumes operation. The hibernation
file in the boot record on the hard-disk drive is read, and
system status is restored from the hard-disk drive.
Related service information
34 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 39 ---
Checkout guide
Use the following procedures as a guide in identifying and
correcting problems with the ThinkPad computer.
Note: The diagnostic tests are intended to test only IBM
products. The use of non-IBM products, prototype
cards, or modified options can lead to false
indications of errors and invalid system responses.
1. Identify the failing symptoms in as much detail as
possible.
2. Verify the symptoms. Try to re-create the failure by
running the diagnostic test or by repeating the
operation.
Testing the computer
The ThinkPad computer has a test program called
PC-Doctor
®
DOS (hereafter called PC-Doctor.) You can
detect errors by running the diagnostics test included in
PC-Doctor. This section is an overview of the procedure.
For details that depend on model-unique functions, refer to
“Product overview” on page 43.
For some possible configurations of the computer,
PC-Doctor might not run correctly. To avoid this problem,
you need to initialize the computer setup by use of the IBM
BIOS Setup Utility before you run PC-Doctor. On the IBM
BIOS Setup Utility screen, press F9, Enter, F10, and then
Enter.
Note: When you initialize the computer configuration,
some devices are disabled, such as the serial port.
If you test one of these devices, you will need to
enable it by using PS2.EXE.
PC-Doctor cannot be used to test a device that is in the
docking station, even if the computer supports the docking
station. To test a USB device, connect it to the USB
connector of the computer. To test the Ultrabay device,
install it in the Ultrabay Plus slot of the computer.
To run the test, do as follows:
Note: In the following procedure, you can select an item
not only with the arrow keys, but also with the
TrackPoint. Instead of pressing Enter, click the left
button.
1. Insert the PC-Doctor disk into the diskette drive; then
power on the computer.
If the computer cannot be powered on, go to “Power
system checkout” on page 38, and check the power
sources.
Checkout guide
General descriptions 35

--- Page 40 ---
If an error code appears, go to “Symptom-to-FRU
index” on page 50.
On the first screen, select the model and press Enter.
Follow the instructions on the screen.
2. The main panel of PC-Doctor appears.
3. Select Diagnostics with the arrow keys, and press
Enter.
A pull-down menu appears. (Its exact form depends on
the model.)
The options on the test menu are as follows:
Diagnostics Interactive Tests
v Run Normal Test
v Run Quick Test
v CPU/Coprocessor
v Systemboard
v Video Adapter
v Serial Ports
v Parallel Ports
v Fixed Disks
v Diskette Drives
v Other Devices
v ZIP Drive
v LS-120/240 Drive
v Communication
v Wireless LAN
v Memory Test – Full
v Memory Test – Quick
v Keyboard
v Video
v Internal Speaker
v Mouse
v Diskette
v System Load
v CD-ROM/DVD Test
v Intel Wireless Radio
Notes:
v In the Keyboard test in Interactive Tests, the Fn key
is scanned only once. Each key should be held down
for at least 2 seconds; otherwise, it cannot be sensed.
v Video Adapter test supports only the LCD display on
the ThinkPad computer. Before running PC-Doctor
DOS, detach the external monitor.
v To test ZIP Drive or LS-120/240 Drive, each media is
needed to be inserted before start testing.
v To test Digital Signature Chip, the chip must be
enabled.
v When Legacy Floppy Drives is enabled in the IBM
BIOS Setup Utility, Diskette Drives test is activated
even if no legacy diskette drive is attached to the
ThinkPad computer.
Checkout guide
36 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 41 ---
Diagnostics
Quit
Interactive Tests
Hardware Info
Utility F1=Help
Run Quick Test
Run Normal Test
Systemboard
CPU/Coprocessor
Video Adapter
Serial Ports
Diskette Drives
Fixed Disks
Parallel Ports
Other Devices
Use the cursor keys and ESC to move in menus. Press ENTER to select.
PC-DOCTOR 2.0 Copyright 2001 PC-Doctor, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
ZIP Drive
LS-120/240 Drive
Communication
Wireless LAN
Memory Test - Full
Memory Test - Quick
4. Run the applicable function test.
5. Follow the instructions on the screen. If there is a
problem, PC-Doctor shows messages describing it.
6. To exit the test, select Quit — Exit Diag.
To cancel the test, press Esc.
Note: After executing PC-Doctor, check the system
time/date and reset them if needed.
Detecting system information with
PC-Doctor
PC-Doctor can detect the following system information:
Hardware Info
v System Configuration
v Memory Contents
v Physical Disk Drives
v Logical Disk Drives
v VGA Information
v IDE Drive Info
v PCI Information
v PNPISA Info
v SMBIOS Info
v VESA LCD Info
Utility
v Run External Tests
v Surface Scan Hard Disk
v Benchmark System
v DOS Shell
v Tech Support Form
v Battery Rundown
v View Test Log
v Print Log
v Save Log
v Full Erase Hard Drive
v Quick Erase Hard Drive
Checkout guide
General descriptions 37

--- Page 42 ---
Power system checkout
To verify a symptom, do the following:
1. Power off the computer.
2. Remove the battery pack.
3. Connect the ac adapter.
4. Check that power is supplied when you power on the
computer.
5. Power off the computer.
6. Disconnect the ac adapter and install the charged
battery pack.
7. Check that the battery pack supplies power when you
power on the computer.
If you suspect a power problem, see the appropriate one
of the following power supply checkouts:
v “Checking the ac adapter”
v “Checking operational charging” on page 39
v “Checking the battery pack” on page 39
v “Checking the backup battery” on page 40
Checking the ac adapter
You are here because the computer fails only when the ac
adapter is used:
v If the power problem occurs only when the port
replicator is used, replace the port replicator.
v If the power-on indicator does not turn on, check the
power cord of the ac adapter for correct continuity and
installation.
v If the computer does not charge during operation, go to
″Checking operational charging.″
To check the ac adapter, do the following:
1. Unplug the ac adapter cable from the computer.
2. Measure the output voltage at the plug of the ac
adapter cable. See the following figure:
2
1
(16-10V)
Pin Voltage (V dc)
1 +15.5 to +17.0
2 Ground
3. If the voltage is not correct, replace the ac adapter.
4. If the voltage is acceptable, do the following:
v Replace the system board.
v If the problem persists, go to “Product overview” on
page 43.
Note: Noise from the ac adapter does not always indicate
a defect.
Checkout guide
38 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 43 ---
Checking operational charging
To check whether the battery charges properly during
operation, use a discharged battery pack or a battery pack
that has less than 50% of the total power remaining when
installed in the computer.
Perform operational charging. If the battery status indicator
or icon does not turn on, remove the battery pack and let it
return to room temperature. Reinstall the battery pack. If
the charge indicator or icon still does not turn on, replace
the battery pack.
If the charge indicator still does not turn on, replace the
system board. Then reinstall the battery pack. If it is still
not charged, go to the next section.
Checking the battery pack
Battery charging does not start until the Power Meter
shows that less than 95% of the total power remains;
under this condition the battery pack can charge to 100%
of its capacity. This protects the battery pack from being
overcharged or from having a shortened life.
To check the status of your battery, move your cursor to
the Power Meter icon in the icon tray of the Windows
taskbar and wait for a moment (but do not click), and the
percentage of battery power remaining is displayed. To get
detailed information about the battery, double-click the
Power Meter icon.
Note: If the battery pack becomes hot, it may not be able
to charge. Remove it from the computer and leave it
at room temperature for a while. After it cools down,
reinstall and recharge it.
To check the battery pack, do the following:
1. Power off the computer.
2. Remove the battery pack and measure the voltage
between battery terminals 1 (+) and 5 (−). See the
following figure:
2
3
4
5(-)
1(+)
Terminal Voltage (V dc)
1 + 0 to + 12.6
5 Ground (−)
3. If the voltage is less than +11.0 V dc, the battery pack
has been discharged.
Checkout guide
General descriptions 39

--- Page 44 ---
Note: Recharging will take at least 3 hours, even if the
indicator does not turn on.
If the voltage is still less than +11.0 V dc after
recharging, replace the battery.
4. If the voltage is more than +11.0 V dc, measure the
resistance between battery terminals 4 and 5. The
resistance must be 4 to 30 K .
If the resistance is not correct, replace the battery
pack. If the resistance is correct, replace the system
board.
Checking the backup battery
Do the following:
1. Power off the computer, and unplug the ac adapter
from it.
2. Turn the computer upside down.
3. Remove the battery pack (see “1010 Battery pack” on
page 61).
4. Remove the backup battery (see “Checking the battery
pack” on page 39).
5. Measure the voltage of the backup battery. See the
following figure.
Red (+)
Black (-)
Wire Voltage (V dc)
Red +2.5 to +3.2
Black Ground
v If the voltage is correct, replace the system board.
v If the voltage is not correct, replace the backup battery.
v If the backup battery discharges quickly after
replacement, replace the system board.
Checkout guide
40 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 45 ---
ThinkPad T30
Product overview ............43
Specifications ............43
Status indicators ...........45
FRU tests .............47
Fn key combinations ..........49
Symptom-to-FRU index ..........50
Numeric error codes ..........50
Error messages ...........53
Beep symptoms ...........54
LCD-related symptoms .........55
Intermittent problems ..........56
Undetermined problems .........56
FRU replacement notices .........57
Screw notices ............57
Retaining serial numbers.........58
Restoring the serial number of the system unit 58
Retaining the UUID .........58
Removing and replacing a FRU........60
1010 Battery pack...........61
1020 Ultrabay Plus device ........62
1030 Hard-disk drive ..........63
1040 Shock absorber..........65
1050 Backup battery ..........67
1060 DIMM ............69
1070 Mini PCI adapter .........71
1080 Communication daughter card (CDC) . . . 74
Modem daughter card (MDC) ......74
Bluetooth daughter card (BDC) ......75
1090 Keyboard ...........77
1100 Fan assembly ..........81
1110CPU.............85
1120 Keyboard bezel ..........87
1130 Hinge cover ...........92
1140 LCD assembly ..........94
1150 PC Card slot assembly .......100
1160 Speaker assembly ........101
1170 Hard-disk drive slot ........102
1180 Ultrabay Plus guide rail and microphone
cable .............103
1190 System board ..........106
1200 Bluetooth antenna louver assembly . . . 110
1210 I/O card............111
2010 LCD front bezel .........114
2020 Inverter card ..........115
2030 LCD panel and LCD cable assembly . . . 117
2040 Antenna assembly, hinges, and LCD cover 120
3010 ThinkPad Dock PCI cover ......125
3020 ThinkPad Dock top cover ......127
Locations ..............132
Front view ............132
© Copyright IBM Corp. 2003
41

--- Page 46 ---
Rear view.............134
Bottom view ............135
Parts list ..............136
T30 series model matrix ........136
Overall .............139
LCD FRUs ............149
14.1-in. XGA TFT .........150
14.1-in. SXGA+ TFT ........152
Keyboard .............153
Recovery CDs ...........154
For Windows 2000 .........154
For Windows XP professional ......155
AC adapters ............156
Miscellaneous parts ..........156
Optional FRUs ...........159
Ultrabay Plus devices ........159
Other optional FRUs ........159
Common parts list ..........160
Tools .............160
Power cords (system) ........160
Power cords (ThinkPad Dock) ......161
Notices ..............162
Trademarks ............162
42 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 47 ---
Product overview
This section presents the following product-unique
information:
v “Specifications”
v “Status indicators” on page 45
v “FRU tests” on page 47
v “Fn key combinations” on page 49
Specifications
The following table lists the specifications of the ThinkPad
T30 series:
Feature Description
Processor v Mobile Intel
®
Pentium
®
4 processor - M
1.6 GHz, L2 512 KB cache
v Mobile Intel
®
Pentium
®
4 processor - M
1.7 GHz, L2 512 KB cache
v Mobile Intel
®
Pentium
®
4 processor - M
1.8 GHz, L2 512 KB cache
v Mobile Intel
®
Pentium
®
4 processor - M
1.9 GHz, L2 512 KB cache
v Mobile Intel
®
Pentium
®
4 processor - M
2.0 GHz, L2 512 KB cache
v Mobile Intel
®
Pentium
®
4 processor - M
2.2 GHz, L2 512 KB cache
v Mobile Intel
®
Pentium
®
4 processor - M
2.4 GHz, L2 512 KB cache
Bus architecture v 400MHz PSB
v HUB link
v PCI bus
v LPC bus
v 266MHz DDR SDRAM (PC2100)
Memory (standard) v 256 MB DDR SDRAM SO DIMM
(PC2100) card × 1
v 512 MB DDR SDRAM SO DIMM
(PC2100) card × 1
Memory (optional) v 128 MB DDR SDRAM SO DIMM
(PC2100) card
v 256 MB DDR SDRAM SO DIMM
(PC2100) card
v 512 MB DDR SDRAM SO DIMM
(PC2100)
(maximum of 1024 MB)
Graphic memory v 16 MB DDR SDRAM (on the system
board)
CMOS RAM v 242 bytes
(continued)
Product overview
ThinkPad T30 43

--- Page 48 ---
Feature Description
Hard-disk drive v 20.0 GB, 4200 rpm, 2.5-inch, IDE
interface
v 40.0 GB, 4200 rpm, 2.5-inch, IDE
interface
v 40.0 GB, 5400 rpm, 2.5-inch, IDE
interface
v 60.0 GB, 4200 rpm, 2.5-inch, IDE
interface
v 60.0 GB, 5400 rpm, 2.5-inch, IDE
interface (option for none UltraNav
models)
Display v 14.1-inch, 16M colors, XGA (1024 × 768
resolution) TFT color LCD
v 14.1-inch, 16M colors, SXGA+ (1400 ×
1050 resolution) TFT color LCD
I/O port v External monitor connector
v Stereo headphone jack
v Infrared port
v Stereo line-in jack
v Monaural microphone jack
v Parallel connector
v Docking connector
v RJ11 connector
v RJ45 connector
v Serial connector
v TV-out connector
v Universal serial bus (USB) connector × 2
Internal modem v 56.6 Kbps
Audio v Internal stereo speakers
v Software control volume
Infrared transfer v IrDA 1.1
Mini PCI adapter v Mini PCI Type-IIIa IBM High Rate
Wireless LAN Mini-PCI Card Adapter with
Modem II
v Mini PCI Type-IIIa Cisco Aironet Wireless
802.11b
PC Card v One Type-III
v Two Type-II
Communication
daughter card
(CDC)
v V.90 modem daughter card (MDC)
v Bluetooth daughter card (BDC)
AC adapter v 72-watt type
Ultrabay Plus
device (standard)
v CD-RW drive
v DVD drive
v CD-RW/DVD combo drive
Preinstalled
operating system
Windows 2000
Windows XP Professional
Product overview
44 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 49 ---
Status indicators
The system status indicators show the status of the
computer, as follows:
9
1 32
8 2 4567
Indicator Meaning
1 Bluetooth
status
Green: Bluetooth is operational. This
indicator is on when the Bluetooth is
on and not in suspend mode.
2 Battery
status
Green: The battery is in use and has enough
power. The ac adapter has charged
the battery completely.
Blinking green:
The battery is being charged, but still
has enough power to operate. (At
regular intervals, the indicator light
turns off briefly.)
Orange: The battery is being charged, but the
battery power is still low.
Blinking orange:
The battery needs to be charged.
When the indicator starts blinking
orange, the computer beeps three
times.
(continued)
Product overview
ThinkPad T30 45

--- Page 50 ---
Indicator Meaning
3 Standby
status
Green: The computer is in standby mode.
Blinking green:
The computer is entering standby
mode or hibernation mode, or is
resuming normal operation.
4 Power on Green: The computer is on and ready to use.
This indicator stays lit whenever the
computer is on and is not in standby
mode.
5 Scroll lock Green: Scroll Lock mode is enabled. The
arrow keys can be used as
screen-scroll function keys. The
cursor cannot be moved with the
arrow keys. Not all application
programs support this function. To
enable or disable Scroll Lock mode,
press the ScrLk key.
6 Caps lock Green: Caps Lock mode is enabled. To
enable or disable Caps Lock mode,
press the Caps Lock key.
7 Num lock Green: The numeric keypad on the keyboard
is enabled. To enable or disable the
keypad, press and hold the Shift key,
and press the NumLk (ScrLk) key.
8 Drive in
use
Green: Data is being read from or written to
the hard-disk drive, the diskette drive,
or the drive in the Ultrabay Plus
device. When this indicator is on, do
not put the computer into standby
mode or turn off the computer.
Note: Do not move the system while the green
drive-in-use light is on. Sudden physical shock
could cause drive errors.
9 Ultrabay
status
Green: An Ultrabay Plus device is installed
and in use.
Blinking green:
An Ultrabay Plus device is in the
process of being detached.
Turn off: An Ultrabay Plus device is ready to
be attached or detached.
Note: If you are using Windows 2000, the
Ultrabay status indicator does not blink while an
Ultrabay Plus device is being detached. Instead,
a message box pops up when the process is
completed; then the indicator turns off.
Product overview
46 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 51 ---
FRU tests
The following table shows the test for each FRU.
FRU Applicable test
System board 1. Diagnostics --> CPU/Coprocessor
2. Diagnostics --> Systemboard
Power Diagnostics --> Other Devices --> IBM AC
Adapter, IBM Battery 1 (IBM Battery 2)
LCD unit 1. Diagnostics --> Video Adapter
2. Interactive Tests --> Video
Modem or
Modem
daughter card
1. Make sure the modem is set up correctly.
2. Replace the modem jack and the modem
card in turn, and run the following tests in
Diagnostics --> Communication:
a. Lucent Soft Modem Loopback
b. Lucent Soft Modem Dialtone
Audio 1. Interactive Tests --> Internal Speaker
2. Diagnostics --> Other Devices --> Analog
Devices AC97 CODEC Test
Speaker Interactive Tests --> Internal Speaker
PC Card slots Diagnostics --> Systemboard --> PCMCIA,
PCMCIA External Loop
Keyboard 1. Diagnostics --> Systemboard -->
Keyboard
2. Interactive Tests --> Keyboard
TrackPoint or
pointing device
If the TrackPoint does not work, check the
configuration in the ThinkPad Configuration
program. If the TrackPoint is disabled, select
Automatic to enable it.
After you use the TrackPoint, the pointer may
drift on the screen for a short time. This drift
can occur when a slight, steady pressure is
applied to the TrackPoint pointer. This symptom
is not a hardware problem. If the pointer stops
after a short time, no service action is
necessary.
If enabling the TrackPoint does not correct the
problem, continue with the following:
v Interactive Tests --> Mouse
Hard-disk drive Diagnostics --> Fixed Disks
Diskette drive 1. Diagnostics --> Diskette Drives
2. Interactive Tests --> Diskette
(continued)
Product overview
ThinkPad T30 47

--- Page 52 ---
FRU Applicable test
CD-ROM or
DVD drive
1. Diagnostics --> Other Devices -->
CD-ROM/DVD
2. Interactive Tests --> CD-ROM/DVD Test
Memory 1. If two DIMMs are installed, remove one of
them and run Diagnostics --> Memory
Test—Quick.
2. If the problem does not recur, return the
DIMM to its place, remove the other one,
and run the test again.
3. If the test does not detect the error, run
Diagnostics --> Memory Test—Full.
Fan 1. Turn on the computer and check the air
turbulence at the louver near the PC Card
slot.
2. Run Diagnostics --> Other Devices -->
IBM Fan.
Touch Pad If the Touch Pad does not work, check the
configuration in the ThinkPad Configuration
program. If the Touch Pad is disabled, select
Automatic to enable it. If enabling the Touch
Pad does not correct the problem, continue with
the following:
v Interactive Tests --> Mouse
Product overview
48 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 53 ---
Fn key combinations
The following table shows the function of each combination
of Fn with a function key.
Key
combination
Description
Fn+F1 Reserved.
Fn+F2 Reserved.
Fn+F3 Turn off the LCD display, leaving the screen
blank. To turn the LCD display on again, press
any key or the TrackPoint stick.
Fn+F4 Put the computer in standby mode. To return to
normal operation, press the Fn key
independently, without pressing a function key.
Note: In Windows 2000 and Windows XP, this
combination of buttons functions as a sleep
button. The setting can be changed so that
pressing it puts the computer into hibernation
mode or even shuts the computer down.
Fn+F5 Reserved.
Fn+F6 Reserved.
Fn+F7 Switch between the computer display and an
external monitor (CRT). If an external monitor is
attached, computer output is displayed in the
following three patterns by turns:
v CRT display
v Computer display + CRT display
v Computer display
Fn+F8 Switch the computer screen size between
expanded and normal mode if the computer
display image is smaller than the physical
display.
Note: This function is not supported in
Windows 2000 and Windows XP.
Fn+F9 Reserved.
Fn+F10 Reserved.
Fn+F11 Reserved.
Fn+F12 Put the computer into hibernation mode. To
return to normal operation, press the power
button for less than four seconds.
Note: In Windows 2000 and Windows XP, you
can use Fn+F12 for hibernation only if the IBM
PM device driver has been installed on the
computer.
Fn+PgUp Turn the ThinkLight on or off.
Fn+Home The computer display becomes brighter.
Fn+End The computer display becomes less bright.
Fn+Spacebar Enable the FullScreen Magnifier function.
Product overview
ThinkPad T30 49

--- Page 54 ---
Symptom-to-FRU index
The symptom-to-FRU index in this section lists symptoms
and errors and their possible causes. The most likely
cause is listed first, in boldface type.
Note: Do the FRU replacement or other actions in the
sequence shown in the column headed “FRU or
action, in sequence.” If replacing a FRU does not
solve the problem, put the original part back in the
computer. Do not replace a nondefective FRU.
This index can also help you determine, during regular
servicing, what FRUs are likely to need to be replaced
next.
A numeric error is displayed for each error detected in
POST or system operation. In the displays, n can be any
number.
If no numeric code is displayed, check the narrative
descriptions of symptoms. If the symptom is not described
there, go to “Intermittent problems” on page 56.
Note
For an IBM device not supported by diagnostic
codes in the ThinkPad notebook computers, see the
manual for that device.
Numeric error codes
Symptom or error FRU or action, in sequence
0175
Bad CRC1, stop POST
task—The EEPROM checksum
is not correct.
System board.
0176
System Security—The system
has been tampered with.
1. Run IBM BIOS Setup
Utility, and then save
current setting by
pressing F10.
2. System board.
0187
EAIA data access error—The
access to EEPROM is failed.
System board.
0188
Invalid RFID serialization
information area or bad
CRC2—The EEPROM
checksum is not correct.
System board.
Symptom-to-FRU index
50 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 55 ---
Symptom or error FRU or action, in sequence
0189
Invalid RFID configuration
information area—The
EEPROM checksum is not
correct.
System board.
0190
Critical low-battery error
1. Charge the battery pack.
2. Battery pack.
0191
System Security—Invalid
Remote Change requested.
1. Run IBM BIOS Setup
Utility, and then save
current setting by
pressing F10.
2. System board.
0192
System Security—IBM
Embedded Security hardware
tamper detected.
System board.
0197
Invalid remote change
requested.
The remote configuration for
the security chip has failed.
Confirm the operation and try
again.
0199
System Security—IBM Security
password retry count exceeded.
1. Run IBM BIOS Setup
Utility, and then save
current setting by
pressing F10.
2. System board.
01C8
More than one modem devices
are found. Remove one of
them. Press <Esc> to continue.
1. Remove either a Mini PCI
modem card or an modem
daughter card; or press
Esc to ignore the warning
message.
2. System board.
01C9
More than one Ethernet devices
are found. Remove one of
them. Press <Esc> to continue.
1. Remove the Ethernet
device that you installed;
or press Esc to ignore the
warning message.
2. System board.
0200
Hard disk error—The hard disk
is not working.
1. Reseat the hard-disk
drive.
2. Load Setup Defaults in IBM
BIOS Setup Utility.
3. Hard-disk drive.
4. System board.
021x
Keyboard error
Run interactive tests of the
keyboard and the auxiliary
input device.
0220
Monitor type error—Monitor
type does not match the one
specified in CMOS.
Load Setup Defaults in IBM
BIOS Setup Utility.
0230
Shadow RAM error—Shadow
RAM fails at offset nnnn.
System board.
Symptom-to-FRU index
ThinkPad T30 51

--- Page 56 ---
Symptom or error FRU or action, in sequence
0231
System RAM error—System
RAM fails at offset nnnn.
1. DIMM.
2. System board.
0232
Extended RAM
error—Extended RAM fails at
offset nnnn.
1. DIMM.
2. System board.
0250
System battery error—System
battery is dead.
Replace the backup battery
and run IBM BIOS Setup
Utility to reset the time and
date.
0251
System CMOS checksum
bad—Default configuration
used.
Replace the backup battery
and run IBM BIOS Setup
Utility to reset the time and
date.
0252
Password checksum bad—The
password is cleared.
Reset the password by
running IBM BIOS Setup
Utility.
0260
System timer error
1. Replace the backup
battery and run IBM BIOS
Setup Utility to reset the
time and date.
2. System board.
0270
Real time clock error
1. Replace the backup
battery and run IBM BIOS
Setup Utility to reset the
time and date.
2. System board.
0271
Date and time error—Neither
the date nor the time is set in
the computer.
Run IBM BIOS Setup Utility to
reset the time and date.
0280
Previous boot
incomplete—Default
configuration used.
1. Load “Setup Default” in
IBM BIOS Setup Utility.
2. DIMM.
3. System board.
02B2
Incorrect drive A type
1. Diskette drive.
2. External FDD cable.
3. I/O card.
02F4
EISA CMOS not writable
1. Load Setup Defaults in
IBM BIOS Setup Utility.
2. Replace the backup battery.
3. System board.
02F5
DMA test failed
1. DIMM.
2. System board.
02F6
Software NMI failed
1. DIMM.
2. System board.
02F7
Fail-safe timer NMI failed
1. DIMM.
2. System board.
Symptom-to-FRU index
52 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 57 ---
Symptom or error FRU or action, in sequence
1802
Unauthorized network card is
plugged in—Power off and
remove the miniPCI network
card.
1. Remove Mini PCI network
card.
2. System board.
Error messages
Symptom or error FRU or action, in sequence
Device address conflict. 1. Load “Setup Defaults” in
IBM BIOS Setup Utility.
2. Backup battery.
3. System board.
Allocation error for device. 1. Load “Setup Defaults” in
IBM BIOS Setup Utility.
2. Backup battery.
3. System board.
Failing bits: nnnn. 1. DIMM.
2. System board.
Invalid system configuration
data.
1. DIMM.
2. System board.
I/O device IRQ conflict. 1. Load “Setup Defaults” in
IBM BIOS Setup Utility.
2. Backup battery.
3. System board.
Operating system not found. 1. Check that the operating
system has no failure and is
installed correctly.
2. Enter IBM BIOS Setup
Utility and see whether
the hard-disk drive and
the diskette drive are
properly identified.
3. Reseat the hard-disk drive.
4. Reinstall the operating
system.
5. Diskette drive.
6. Hard-disk drive.
7. System board.
Hibernation error. 1. Restore the system
configuration to what it
was before the computer
entered hibernation mode.
2. If memory size has been
changed, re-create the
hibernation file.
Fan error. Fan.
Thermal sensing error. System board.
Symptom-to-FRU index
ThinkPad T30 53

--- Page 58 ---
Beep symptoms
Symptom or error FRU or action, in sequence
One beep and a blank,
unreadable, or flashing LCD.
1. Reseat the LCD
connector.
2. LCD assembly.
3. External CRT.
4. System board.
One long and two short beeps,
and a blank or unreadable
LCD.
1. System board.
2. LCD assembly.
3. DIMM.
Two short beeps with error
codes.
POST error. See “Numeric
error codes” on page 50.
Two short beeps and a blank
screen.
1. System board.
2. DIMM.
Three short beeps, pause,
three more short beeps, and
one short beep.
1. DIMM.
2. System board
One short beep, pause, three
short beeps, pause, three more
short beeps, and one short
beep.
Only cursor appears. Reinstall operating system.
Four cycles of four short beeps
and a blank screen.
System board (IBM security
chip)
Five short beeps and a blank
screen.
System board
Symptom-to-FRU index
54 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 59 ---
LCD-related symptoms
Important
The TFT LCD for the notebook computer contains
many thin-film transistors (TFTs). A small number of
dots that are missing, discolored, or always lighted
is characteristic of TFT LCD technology, but
excessive pixel problems can cause viewing
concerns. The LCD should be replaced if the
number of missing, discolored, or lighted dots in any
background is:
v XGA: 8 or more bright dots, 8 or more dark dots,
or a total of 9 or more bright and dark dots.
v SXGA+: 11 or more bright dots, 13 or more dark
dots, or a total of 16 or more bright and dark
dots.
Note: A bright dot means a pixel is always on
(white or color.) A dark dot means a pixel is
always off (black color.)
Symptom or error FRU or action, in sequence
No beep, power-on indicator
on, and a blank LCD during
POST.
System board.
v LCD backlight not working.
v LCD too dark.
v LCD brightness cannot be
adjusted.
v LCD contrast cannot be
adjusted.
1. Reseat the LCD
connectors.
2. LCD assembly.
3. System board.
v LCD screen unreadable.
v Characters missing pixels.
v Screen abnormal.
v Wrong color displayed.
1. See important note for
“LCD-related symptoms.”
2. Reseat all LCD connectors.
3. LCD assembly.
4. System board.
Horizontal or vertical lines
displayed on LCD.
LCD assembly.
Symptom-to-FRU index
ThinkPad T30 55

--- Page 60 ---
Intermittent problems
Intermittent system hang problems can be due to a variety
of causes that have nothing to do with a hardware defect,
such as cosmic radiation, electrostatic discharge, or
software errors. FRU replacement should be considered
only when a problem recurs.
When analyzing an intermittent problem, do the following:
1. Run the diagnostic test for the system board in loop
mode at least 10 times.
2. If no error is detected, do not replace any FRUs.
3. If any error is detected, replace the FRU shown by the
FRU code. Rerun the test to verify that no more errors
exist.
Undetermined problems
You are here because the diagnostic tests did not identify
which adapter or device failed, wrong devices are installed,
a short circuit is suspected, or the system is inoperative.
Follow these procedures to isolate the failing FRU (do not
isolate FRUs that have no defects).
Verify that all attached devices are supported by the
computer.
Verify that the power supply being used at the time of the
failure is operating correctly. (See “Power system
checkout” on page 38.)
1. Power off the computer.
2. Visually check each FRU for damage. Replace any
damaged FRU.
3. Remove or disconnect all of the following devices:
a. Non-IBM devices
b. Devices attached to the port replicator
c. Printer, mouse, and other external devices
d. Battery pack
e. Hard-disk drive
f. External diskette drive
g. DIMM
h. CD-ROM and diskette drive in the Ultrabay
i. PC Cards
4. Power on the computer.
5. Determine whether the problem has changed.
6. If the problem does not recur, reconnect the removed
devices one at a time until you find the failing FRU.
7. If the problem remains, replace the following FRUs one
at a time (do not replace a nondefective FRU):
a. System board
b. LCD assembly
Symptom-to-FRU index
56 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 61 ---
FRU replacement notices
This section contains notices related to removing and
replacing parts. Read this section carefully before replacing
any FRU.
Screw notices
Loose screws can cause a reliability problem. In IBM
ThinkPad computer, this problem is addressed with special
nylon-coated screws that have the following characteristics:
v They maintain tight connections.
v They do not easily come loose, even with shock or
vibration.
v They are harder to tighten.
v They should be used only once.
Do the following when you service this machine:
v Keep the screw kit (for the P/N, see “Miscellaneous
parts” on page 156) in your tool bag.
v Always use new screws.
v Use a torque screwdriver if you have one.
Tighten screws as follows:
v Plastic to plastic
Turn an additional 90 degrees after the screw head
touches the surface of the plastic part:
90 degrees more
(Cross-section)
v Logic card to plastic
Turn an additional 180 degrees after the screw head
touches the surface of the logic card:
180 degrees more
(Cross-section)
v Torque driver
If you have a torque driver, refer to the “Torque” column
for each step.
FRU replacement notices
ThinkPad T30 57

--- Page 62 ---
v Make sure you use the correct screw. If you have a
torque screwdriver, tighten all screws firmly to the torque
shown in the table. Never use a screw that you
removed. Use a new one. Make sure the screws are
tightened firmly.
Retaining serial numbers
This section includes the following descriptions:
v “Restoring the serial number of the system unit”
v “Retaining the UUID”
Restoring the serial number of the system
unit
When the computer was manufactured, the EEPROM on
the system board was loaded with the serial numbers of
the system and all major components. These numbers
need to remain the same throughout the life of the
computer.
If you replace the system board, you must restore the
serial number of the system unit to its original value.
Before replacing the system board, save the original serial
number by doing the following:
1. Install the ThinkPad Hardware Maintenance Diskette
Version 1.62, and restart the computer.
2. From the main menu, select 1. Set System
Identification.
3. Select 2. Read S/N data from EEPROM.
The serial number for each device is displayed. Write
down the serial number of the system unit, designated as
follows:
20: System unit serial number
After you have replaced the system board, restore the
serial number by doing the following:
1. Install the ThinkPad Hardware Maintenance Diskette
Version 1.62 and restart the computer.
2. From the main menu, select 1. Set System
Identification.
3. Select 1. Add S/N data from EEPROM.
Follow the instructions on the screen.
Note: The serial number of the system unit is written on
the label attached on the bottom of the computer.
Retaining the UUID
The Universally Unique Identifier (UUID) is a 128-bit
number uniquely assigned to your computer at production
FRU replacement notices
58 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 63 ---
and stored in the EEPROM of your system board. The
algorithm that generates the number is designed to provide
unique IDs until the year A.D. 3400. No two computers in
the world have the same number.
When you replace the system board, you must set the
UUID on the new system board as follows:
1. Install the ThinkPad Hardware Maintenance Diskette
Version 1.62, and restart the computer.
2. From the main menu, select 4. Assign UUID.
A new UUID is created and written. If a valid UUID
already exists, it is not overwritten.
FRU replacement notices
ThinkPad T30 59

--- Page 64 ---
Removing and replacing a FRU
This section presents directions and drawings for use in
removing and replacing a FRU. Be sure to observe the
following general rules:
1. Do not try to service any computer unless you have
been trained and certified. An untrained person runs
the risk of damaging parts.
2. Before replacing any FRU, review “FRU replacement
notices” on page 57.
3. Begin by removing any FRUs that have to be removed
before the failing FRU. Any such FRUs are listed at the
top of the page. Remove them in the order in which
they are listed.
4. Follow the correct sequence in the steps for removing
the FRU, as indicated in the drawings by the numbers
in square callouts.
5. When turning a screw to replace a FRU, turn it in the
direction indicated by the arrow in the drawing.
6. When removing the FRU, move it in the direction
indicated by the arrow in the drawing.
7. To put the new FRU in place, reverse the removal
procedure and follow any notes that pertain to
replacement. For information about connecting and
arranging internal cables, see “Locations” on page 132.
8. When replacing a FRU, use the correct screw as
shown in the procedures.
DANGER
Attention: Before the computer is powered on after FRU
replacement, make sure that all screws, springs, and other
small parts are in place and are not loose inside the
computer. Verify this by shaking the computer gently and
listening for rattling sounds. Metallic parts or metal flakes
can cause electrical short circuits.
Attention: The system board is sensitive to, and can be
damaged by, electrostatic discharge. Before touching it,
establish personal grounding by touching a ground point
with one hand or by using an electrostatic discharge (ESD)
strap (P/N 6405959).
Before removing any FRU, power off the computer,
unplug all power cords from electrical outlets,
remove the battery pack, and then disconnect any
interconnecting cables.
Removing and replacing a FRU
60 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 65 ---
1010 Battery pack
DANGER
1
2
The use only the battery in the parts listing for your
computer. Use of an incorrect battery can result in
ignition or explosion of the battery.
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 61

--- Page 66 ---
1020 Ultrabay Plus device
Note
Any of Ultrabay Plus devices can be installed into
the Ultrabay Plus of the computer. The procedure
for installing and removing is the same for every
Ultrabay Plus device. For devices supported, see
“Optional FRUs” on page 159.
Note: When you release the switch in step 1, the lever
pops out. Pull the lever a little in step 2 to release
the device from the bay.
1
2
3
Removing and replacing a FRU
62 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 67 ---
1030 Hard-disk drive
Attention
v Do not drop or apply any shock to the
hard-disk drive. The hard-disk drive is sensitive
to physical shock. Improper handling can cause
damage and permanent loss of data.
v Before removing the drive, have the user make a
backup copy of all the information on the drive if
possible.
v Never remove the drive while the system is
operating or is in suspend mode.
For access, remove this FRU:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 61
1
Note: The hard disk is attached to the cover.
Step Screw (quantity)
1 HDD screw (1) or security screw (1)
Note: Use a 2.5-mm Allen wrench to remove the security screw.
(continued)
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 63

--- Page 68 ---
2
3
4
3
When installing: Make sure that the hard-disk connector
is firmly attached.
Removing and replacing a FRU
64 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 69 ---
1040 Shock absorber
For access, remove this FRU:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 61
1. Insert the tip of the tool vertically between the shock
absorber and the base cover, as indicated by arrow
a.
2. Slightly push the tool into the gap, as shown in 1.
3. Gently pry the shock absorber loose from the dent as
shown in 2 and 3.
2
a
1
3
(continued)
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 65

--- Page 70 ---
When installing: Attach the new shock absorber, aligning
the two claws on the bottom side of the
shock absorber with the small bumps on
the surface of the base cover. Insert one
claw into the dent first 1, and then
push the other side 2 until it snaps.
Make sure that the shock absorber is
firmly fixed in the base cover and does
not move easily.
1
2
Removing and replacing a FRU
66 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 71 ---
1050 Backup battery
DANGER
For access, remove this FRU:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 61
1
3
2
Step Screw (quantity) Torque
1 M2.5 × 4.8 mm, nylon-coated (1) 0.392 Nm
(4 kgfcm)
When installing: Make sure that the battery connector is
firmly attached, and then secure the
screw.
The use only the battery in the parts listing for your
computer. Use of an incorrect battery can result in
ignition or explosion of the battery.
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 67

--- Page 72 ---
Cable routing: When attaching the backup battery to the
holder, route the battery cable as in the
following figure.
Removing and replacing a FRU
68 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 73 ---
1060 DIMM
For access, remove this FRU:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 61
Note: Loosen the screw 1, but do not remove it.
2
1
(continued)
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 69

--- Page 74 ---
3
3
4
When installing: With the notched end of the DIMM
toward the socket, insert the DIMM into
the socket, and then press it firmly. Pivot
the DIMM until it snaps into place. Make
sure that the card is firmly fixed in the
slot and does not move easily.
Removing and replacing a FRU
70 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 75 ---
1070 Mini PCI adapter
For access, remove this FRU:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 61
Note: Loosen the screws 1, but do not remove them.
2
1
The following illustrations for step 3 to step 8 show the
combination of the Mini PCI combo card and Bluetooth
daughter card (BDC).
Note: Some models do not have Mini PCI guide 3. For
those models, skip step 3 of removal procedure.
3
4
(continued)
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 71

--- Page 76 ---
Antenna cables 5a and 5b are for the wireless LAN
feature, and 7 is for the modem feature. This slot also
supports a Mini PCI wireless LAN card. In case of you are
servicing the ThinkPad computer with the Mini PCI
wireless LAN card, skip the step 7 because the card
does not have the connector on the Mini PCI wireless LAN
card.
Note: When unplugging the antenna jack, do not pull the
cable; it might snap. Unplug the jack by pulling a
tab with your fingers.
MAIN
AUX
5a
5b
5a
5b
When installing: Plug the gray antenna cable with the tab
marked “MAIN” (5a) into jack J1, and
the black antenna cable with the tab
marked “AUX” (5b) into jack J2.
(continued)
Removing and replacing a FRU
72 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 77 ---
Some Mini PCI Cards do not have the modem function.
For those cards, skip step 7 because there is no modem
connector on it.
7
8
6
6
When installing: With the notched end of the card toward
the socket, insert the card into the
socket, and then press it firmly. Pivot the
card until it snaps into place. Make sure
that the card is firmly fixed in the slot
and does not move easily.
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 73

--- Page 78 ---
1080 Communication daughter card
(CDC)
For access, remove this FRU:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 61
Note: Loosen the screws 1, but do not remove them.
2
1
Modem daughter card (MDC)
3 3
Step Screw (quantity) Torque
3 CDC screw (2) 0.392 Nm
(4 kgfcm)
(continued)
Removing and replacing a FRU
74 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 79 ---
4
5
6
When installing: Make sure that connectors 4 and 6
are firmly attached.
Bluetooth daughter card (BDC)
Following illustrations show the combination of the Mini
PCI combo card and the BDC.
3 3
Step Screw (quantity) Torque
3 CDC screw (2) 0.392 Nm
(4 kgfcm)
(continued)
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 75

--- Page 80 ---
5
4
6
When installing: Make sure that connector 5 is firmly
attached.
Note: When unplugging the Bluetooth antenna jack, do
not pull the cable; it might snap. Unplug the jack by
pulling a tab with your fingers.
7
When installing: Make sure that connector 7 is firmly
attached.
Removing and replacing a FRU
76 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 81 ---
1090 Keyboard
For access, remove these FRUs, in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 61
v “1020 Ultrabay Plus device” on page 62
v “1030 Hard-disk drive” on page 63
v “1050 Backup battery” on page 67
v “1060 DIMM” on page 69
1
Step Screw (quantity) Torque
1 M2.5 × 16 mm, nylon-coated (2) 0.392 Nm
(4 kgfcm)
(continued)
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 77

--- Page 82 ---
2
3
4
In step 5, pull the keyboard a little in the direction of the
arrow, and then detach the connector 6.
5
6
Removing and replacing a FRU
78 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 83 ---
When installing: Install the keyboard, following the
directions below.
1. Attach the connector. (Step 6 in the removal
procedure.)
2. Make sure that the keyboard edges, shown in the
figure as (A) and (B), are under the frame.
(A)
(B)
3. Press the keys indicated by arrows to latch the
keyboard firmly in place.
(continued)
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 79

--- Page 84 ---
4. To make sure that the front side of the keyboard is
housed firmly, gently press the keys with your thumbs
and try to slide the keyboard towards you.
5. Secure the keyboard from the bottom of the computer,
using the new screws provided with the keyboard.
Removing and replacing a FRU
80 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 85 ---
1100 Fan assembly
For access, remove these FRUs, in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 61
v “1020 Ultrabay Plus device” on page 62
v “1030 Hard-disk drive” on page 63
v “1050 Backup battery” on page 67
v “1060 DIMM” on page 69
v “1090 Keyboard” on page 77
Remove the keyboard CRU insulator before removing the
fan assembly.
(continued)
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 81

--- Page 86 ---
1
1
2
4
2
3
Step Screw (quantity) Torque
1 M2 × 16 mm, nylon-coated (3) 0.245 Nm
(2.5 kgfcm)
When installing: Make sure that the connector 4 is
firmly attached.
Note
For the following models, apply thermal grease on
the part indicated by arrow a.
v 2366-all except FBx, JBx, M6x, M7x
v 2367-all except FBx
a
Removing and replacing a FRU
82 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 87 ---
Note
When you replace the system board, I/O card, CPU
or the base cover for the following models, you
need to stick new thermal sheet as shown in the
following procedure.
v 2366-FBx, JBx, M6x, M7x
v 2367-FBx
1. Peel the cover sheet (square) off 1. Then stick the
thermal sheet to fit to the guide line on the fan
assembly 2.
2
1
2. Rub over the cover sheet with your finger to stick the
thermal sheet to the fan well 3.
3
(continued)
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 83

--- Page 88 ---
3. Peel the cover sheet (rectangle) 3 in the direction of
arrow b. Do not pull the cover sheet (rectangle)
upward (a) to avoid the thermal rubber comes off
with the sheet.
4
a b
If some part of the thermal rubber came off with the
cover sheet, stick the cover sheet on the fan assembly
again aligning the cracked position. Then rub over the
cover sheet with your finger well and remove the sheet
again.
Removing and replacing a FRU
84 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 89 ---
1110 CPU
For access, remove these FRUs, in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 61
v “1020 Ultrabay Plus device” on page 62
v “1030 Hard-disk drive” on page 63
v “1050 Backup battery” on page 67
v “1060 DIMM” on page 69
v “1090 Keyboard” on page 77
v “1100 Fan assembly” on page 81
Note: There are two types of CPU socket. Confirm the
socket type of the computer first.
Rotate the head of the screw (A) in the direction of the
arrow 1 to release the lock; then remove the CPU.
1
A
1'
A'
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 85

--- Page 90 ---
When installing: Place the CPU on the CPU socket (1),
and then rotate the head of the screw
(A) in the direction of arrow 2 to
secure the CPU.
1
2
A
2'
A'
1'
Removing and replacing a FRU
86 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 91 ---
1120 Keyboard bezel
For access, remove these FRUs, in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 61
v “1020 Ultrabay Plus device” on page 62
v “1030 Hard-disk drive” on page 63
v “1050 Backup battery” on page 67
v “1060 DIMM” on page 69
v “1090 Keyboard” on page 77
Remove the keyboard CRU insulator before removing the
keyboard bezel.
(continued)
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 87

--- Page 92 ---
1
1
2
2
2
2
2
Step Screw (quantity) Torque
1 M2.5 × 16 mm, nylon-coated (2) 0.392 Nm
(4 kgfcm)
2 M2.5 × 4.8 mm, nylon-coated (5) 0.392 Nm
(4 kgfcm)
(continued)
Removing and replacing a FRU
88 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 93 ---
If the ThinkPad computer you are servicing has the touch
pad, detach the connector a before removing the screws.
3
4
5
5
3
a
Step Screw (quantity) Torque
3 M2.5 × 16 mm, nylon-coated (2) 0.392 Nm
(4 kgfcm)
4 M2 × 16 mm, nylon-coated (2) 0.245 Nm
(2.5 kgfcm)
5 M2.5 × 4.8 mm, nylon-coated (2) 0.392 Nm
(4 kgfcm)
When installing: If the ThinkPad computer you are
servicing has the touch pad, make sure
that the connector a is firmly attached.
(continued)
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 89

--- Page 94 ---
Pull the corner of the base cover indicated by arrow 6 to
unlatch the claw a.
6
a
In step 7, make sure that all of the claws (b)onthe
front side of the computer are detached, and then remove
the keyboard bezel in the direction of arrow 8.
8
7
b b b b b b
Removing and replacing a FRU
90 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 95 ---
When installing the keyboard bezel, do the following:
1. Attach the keyboard bezel to the computer, aligning the
three dents of the bezel with the hinges and the
projection.
2. Make sure that all of the claws on the front side of the
computer (b in removal step 6) are firmly attached.
3. Make sure that the claw on the bottom side of the
bezel is firmly attached.
4. Attach the connector firmly if the ThinkPad computer
features the touch pad, and then secure the screws.
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 91

--- Page 96 ---
1130 Hinge cover
For access, remove these FRUs, in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 61
v “1020 Ultrabay Plus device” on page 62
v “1030 Hard-disk drive” on page 63
v “1050 Backup battery” on page 67
v “1060 DIMM” on page 69
v “1090 Keyboard” on page 77
v “1120 Keyboard bezel” on page 87
1
Step Screw (quantity) Torque
1 M2.5 × 15 mm, nylon-coated (1) 0.392 Nm
(4 kgfcm)
(continued)
Removing and replacing a FRU
92 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 97 ---
2
When installing: Attach the hinge cover, aligning the two
projections a on the rear side with the
two small square holes of the base
cover.
aa
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 93

--- Page 98 ---
1140 LCD assembly
For access, remove these FRUs, in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 61
v “1020 Ultrabay Plus device” on page 62
v “1030 Hard-disk drive” on page 63
v “1050 Backup battery” on page 67
v “1060 DIMM” on page 69
v “1070 Mini PCI adapter” on page 71
v “1080 Communication daughter card (CDC)” on page 74
v “1090 Keyboard” on page 77
v “1120 Keyboard bezel” on page 87
v “1130 Hinge cover” on page 92
1
1
a
a
1
1
Some models may not have screw caps a.
Step Screw (quantity) Torque
1 M2.5 × 4.8 mm, nylon-coated (4) 0.392 Nm
(4 kgfcm)
(continued)
Removing and replacing a FRU
94 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 99 ---
2
When installing: Make sure that the connector 2 is
firmly attached.
(continued)
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 95

--- Page 100 ---
4
4
4
3
When installing: Make sure that the antenna cables are
firmly routed as shown in the figure.
(continued)
Removing and replacing a FRU
96 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 101 ---
5
5
Step Screw (quantity) Torque
5 M2.5 × 4.8 mm, nylon-coated (2) 0.392 Nm
(4 kgfcm)
(continued)
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 97

--- Page 102 ---
6
6
Removing and replacing a FRU
98 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 103 ---
When installing: Make sure that the antenna cables are
routed along the cable holder as shown
in this figure, and then attach the LCD
assembly to the base cover by securing
the screws.
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 99

--- Page 104 ---
1150 PC Card slot assembly
For access, remove these FRUs, in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 61
v “1020 Ultrabay Plus device” on page 62
v “1030 Hard-disk drive” on page 63
v “1050 Backup battery” on page 67
v “1060 DIMM” on page 69
v “1090 Keyboard” on page 77
v “1120 Keyboard bezel” on page 87
2
1
1
Step Screw (quantity) Torque
1 M2 × 16 mm, nylon-coated (4) 0.245 Nm
(2.5 kgfcm)
When installing: Make sure that the connector of the PC
card slot is firmly attached, and then
secure the screws.
Removing and replacing a FRU
100 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 105 ---
1160 Speaker assembly
For access, remove these FRUs, in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 61
v “1020 Ultrabay Plus device” on page 62
v “1030 Hard-disk drive” on page 63
v “1050 Backup battery” on page 67
v “1090 Keyboard” on page 77
v “1120 Keyboard bezel” on page 87
1
2
Step Screw (quantity) Torque
1 M2.5 × 16 mm, nylon-coated (2) 0.392 Nm
(4 kgfcm)
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 101

--- Page 106 ---
1170 Hard-disk drive slot
For access, remove these FRUs, in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 61
v “1020 Ultrabay Plus device” on page 62
v “1030 Hard-disk drive” on page 63
v “1050 Backup battery” on page 67
v “1090 Keyboard” on page 77
v “1120 Keyboard bezel” on page 87
v “1160 Speaker assembly” on page 101
2
1
1
Step Screw (quantity) Torque
1 M2.5 × 4.8 mm, nylon-coated (2) 0.392 Nm
(4 kgfcm)
Removing and replacing a FRU
102 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 107 ---
1180 Ultrabay Plus guide rail and
microphone cable
For access, remove these FRUs, in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 61
v “1020 Ultrabay Plus device” on page 62
v “1030 Hard-disk drive” on page 63
v “1050 Backup battery” on page 67
v “1060 DIMM” on page 69
v “1070 Mini PCI adapter” on page 71
v “1080 Communication daughter card (CDC)” on page 74
v “1090 Keyboard” on page 77
v “1100 Fan assembly” on page 81
v “1110 CPU” on page 85
v “1120 Keyboard bezel” on page 87
v “1130 Hinge cover” on page 92
v “1140 LCD assembly” on page 94
1
1
Step Screw (quantity) Torque
1 M2.5 × 4.8 mm, nylon-coated (2) 0.392 Nm
(4 kgfcm)
(continued)
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 103

--- Page 108 ---
The microphone cable is attached to the Ultrabay Plus
guide rail. Remove the Ultrabay Plus guide rail first, and
then detach the microphone cable.
2
Step Screw (quantity) Torque
2 M2.5 × 4.8 mm, nylon-coated (1) 0.392 Nm
(4 kgfcm)
Detach the connector 3, and then lift the left side of the
Ultrabay Plus guide rail slightly (4). Then remove the
Ultrabay Plus guide rail in the direction of arrow 5.
5
4
3
(continued)
Removing and replacing a FRU
104 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 109 ---
Cable routing: When installing, route the microphone
cable along the cable guide, and attach
the connector of the microphone cable.
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 105

--- Page 110 ---
1190 System board
For access, remove these FRUs, in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 61
v “1020 Ultrabay Plus device” on page 62
v “1030 Hard-disk drive” on page 63
v “1050 Backup battery” on page 67
v “1060 DIMM” on page 69
v “1070 Mini PCI adapter” on page 71
v “1080 Communication daughter card (CDC)” on page 74
v “1090 Keyboard” on page 77
v “1100 Fan assembly” on page 81
v “1110 CPU” on page 85
v “1120 Keyboard bezel” on page 87
v “1130 Hinge cover” on page 92
v “1140 LCD assembly” on page 94
v “1150 PC Card slot assembly” on page 100
v “1160 Speaker assembly” on page 101
v “1170 Hard-disk drive slot” on page 102
v “1180 Ultrabay Plus guide rail and microphone cable” on
page 103
There are two types of system board FRU for the
ThinkPad T30 series, as follows:
v System board with IBM security chip (bottom view)
Note: The security chip a is embedded on the bottom
side of the system board.
a
Removing and replacing a FRU
106 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 111 ---
v System board without IBM security chip (bottom view)
Begin by checking the FRU number of the system board,
and be sure to use the correct system board FRU for the
computer. For the FRU numbers, see “Parts list” on
page 136.
Important
If the ThinkPad computer you are servicing has the
security chip, mind the following:
v Do not remove the security chip from the
system board. If the security chip is removed by
accident, reinstall it on the system board
immediately. Then make sure that it is firmly fixed
on the system board and does not move easily.
v The security chip cannot be used with any other
system board.
v The system board cannot be used with other
security chip.
v The system board cannot be used without the
security chip.
v When you return the defective system board
FRU, you must check whether the security chip is
firmly attached to the system board. If it is not
embedded, it may not be covered under warranty.
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 107

--- Page 112 ---
2
1
When installing: Make sure that the connectors 1 and
2 are firmly attached.
3
4
Step Screw (quantity) Torque
3 M2.5 × 4.8 mm, nylon-coated (1) 0.392 Nm
(4 kgfcm)
Removing and replacing a FRU
108 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 113 ---
When installing:
v Attach the system board so that the two small
projections on the base cover fit into the holes a
provided, and then secure the screw.
v Make sure that you fastened the connector b firmly to
the under side of the system board.
b
a
a
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 109

--- Page 114 ---
1200 Bluetooth antenna louver
assembly
For access, remove these FRUs, in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 61
v “1020 Ultrabay Plus device” on page 62
v “1030 Hard-disk drive” on page 63
v “1050 Backup battery” on page 67
v “1060 DIMM” on page 69
v “1070 Mini PCI adapter” on page 71
v “1080 Communication daughter card (CDC)” on page 74
v “1090 Keyboard” on page 77
v “1100 Fan assembly” on page 81
v “1110 CPU” on page 85
v “1120 Keyboard bezel” on page 87
v “1130 Hinge cover” on page 92
v “1140 LCD assembly” on page 94
v “1150 PC Card slot assembly” on page 100
v “1160 Speaker assembly” on page 101
v “1170 Hard-disk drive slot” on page 102
v “1180 Ultrabay Plus guide rail and microphone cable” on
page 103
v “1190 System board” on page 106
a
1
2
1
Step Screw (quantity) Torque
1 M2.5 × 4.8 mm, nylon-coated (2) 0.392 Nm
(4 kgfcm)
When installing: Route the Bluetooth antenna cable to fit
firmly inside the cable guides on the
base cover as shown in the figure a.
Removing and replacing a FRU
110 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 115 ---
1210 I/O card
For access, remove these FRUs, in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 61
v “1020 Ultrabay Plus device” on page 62
v “1030 Hard-disk drive” on page 63
v “1050 Backup battery” on page 67
v “1060 DIMM” on page 69
v “1070 Mini PCI adapter” on page 71
v “1080 Communication daughter card (CDC)” on page 74
v “1090 Keyboard” on page 77
v “1100 Fan assembly” on page 81
v “1110 CPU” on page 85
v “1120 Keyboard bezel” on page 87
v “1130 Hinge cover” on page 92
v “1140 LCD assembly” on page 94
v “1150 PC Card slot assembly” on page 100
v “1160 Speaker assembly” on page 101
v “1170 Hard-disk drive slot” on page 102
v “1180 Ultrabay Plus guide rail and microphone cable” on
page 103
v “1190 System board” on page 106
3
3
3
2
1
1
a
Some models may not have screw caps a.
Step Screw (quantity) Torque
1 M2.5 × 4.8 mm, nylon-coated (1) 0.392 Nm
(4 kgfcm)
2 M2.5 × 4.8 mm, nylon-coated (3)
3 Hex stud (6)
(continued)
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 111

--- Page 116 ---
Detach the connector 4, and then release the cables
from the cable guides 5 of the holder.
4
5
5
When installing: Route the cables as shown in this figure
and make sure that the connector 4 is
firmly attached.
6
(continued)
Removing and replacing a FRU
112 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 117 ---
Lift the front side of the I/O card slightly 7 to release the
guide hole a of the card , and then remove the card in
the direction of the arrow 8.
7
8
a
Cable routing: When installing the I/O card, make sure
that you have attached the cable
connector and the cable holder firmly as
shown in the figure. Otherwise you will not
be able to install the system board
properly.
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 113

--- Page 118 ---
2010 LCD front bezel
For access, remove these FRUs, in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 61
v “1020 Ultrabay Plus device” on page 62
v “1050 Backup battery” on page 67
v “1070 Mini PCI adapter” on page 71
v “1080 Communication daughter card (CDC)” on page 74
v “1030 Hard-disk drive” on page 63
v “1090 Keyboard” on page 77
v “1120 Keyboard bezel” on page 87
v “1130 Hinge cover” on page 92
v “1140 LCD assembly” on page 94
After removing screws 1 and 2, detach all of the
latches 3 to 6 in order.
5
4
3
7
1
6
2
2
Step Screw (quantity) Torque
1 M2 × 4.8 mm, nylon-coated (1) 0.245 Nm
(2.5 kgfcm)
2 M2.5 × 4.8 mm, nylon-coated (2) 0.392 Nm
(4 kgfcm)
When installing: Make sure that all of the latches of the
LCD front bezel are firmly attached to
the LCD cover.
Removing and replacing a FRU
114 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 119 ---
2020 Inverter card
For access, remove these FRUs, in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 61
v “1020 Ultrabay Plus device” on page 62
v “1050 Backup battery” on page 67
v “1070 Mini PCI adapter” on page 71
v “1080 Communication daughter card (CDC)” on page 74
v “1030 Hard-disk drive” on page 63
v “1090 Keyboard” on page 77
v “1120 Keyboard bezel” on page 87
v “1130 Hinge cover” on page 92
v “1140 LCD assembly” on page 94
v “2010 LCD front bezel” on page 114
Note
When you replace the inverter card, check the base
brightness of the LCD panel that is used with the
new inverter card, and use the correct inverter card
FRU for that base brightness. For more details
about the combination of the inverter card FRU and
the LCD panel FRU, see “LCD FRUs” on page 149.
3
1
2
(continued)
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 115

--- Page 120 ---
Note: Bluetooth button cover a is attached on the
inverter card when it is shipped. For models do not
have the Bluetooth features, remove the button
cover first, and then install the new inverter card.
a
When installing: Make sure that connectors 2 and 3
are firmly attached.
Cable routing: When replacing the inverter card, route
the connector cable as in the following
figure:
Removing and replacing a FRU
116 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 121 ---
2030 LCD panel and LCD cable
assembly
For access, remove these FRUs, in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 61
v “1020 Ultrabay Plus device” on page 62
v “1050 Backup battery” on page 67
v “1070 Mini PCI adapter” on page 71
v “1080 Communication daughter card (CDC)” on page 74
v “1030 Hard-disk drive” on page 63
v “1090 Keyboard” on page 77
v “1120 Keyboard bezel” on page 87
v “1130 Hinge cover” on page 92
v “1140 LCD assembly” on page 94
v “2010 LCD front bezel” on page 114
v “2020 Inverter card” on page 115
Important
LCD panel FRUs for the ThinkPad T30 series are
supplied by different vendors and differ in resolution
and base brightness. When you order and replace
the LCD panel FRU, note the following:
v The LCD panel FRU must be used with the
inverter card corresponding to the base
brightness.
v Replace the new LCD panel FRU with one from
the same vendor, and having the same resolution
and base brightness as the defective LCD panel.
v If no LCD panel FRU with the same base
brightness as the defective LCD panel is
available, use an “LCD panel and inverter kit”
from the same vendor, with the same resolution.
v For more details about the FRU numbers or the
combination of the LCD panel FRU and the
inverter card FRU, see “LCD FRUs” on page 149.
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 117

--- Page 122 ---
1
1
1
1
Step Screw (quantity) Torque
1 M2 × 5.7 mm, nylon-coated (4) 0.245 Nm
(2.5 kgfcm)
4
5
2
3
(continued)
Removing and replacing a FRU
118 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 123 ---
6
6
When installing the LCD panel, do the following:
v Place the FPC connector under the black antenna
cable.
v Make sure that the antenna cables are firmly routed to
fit to the cable guides of the LCD cover.
v Make sure that the antenna cables are not pinched
under the LCD panel.
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 119

--- Page 124 ---
2040 Antenna assembly, hinges, and
LCD cover
For access, remove these FRUs, in order:
v “1010 Battery pack” on page 61
v “1020 Ultrabay Plus device” on page 62
v “1030 Hard-disk drive” on page 63
v “1050 Backup battery” on page 67
v “1070 Mini PCI adapter” on page 71
v “1080 Communication daughter card (CDC)” on page 74
v “1090 Keyboard” on page 77
v “1120 Keyboard bezel” on page 87
v “1130 Hinge cover” on page 92
v “1140 LCD assembly” on page 94
v “2010 LCD front bezel” on page 114
v “2020 Inverter card” on page 115
v “2030 LCD panel and LCD cable assembly” on page 117
1
1
Step Screw (quantity) Torque
1 M2.5 × 4.8 mm, nylon-coated (2) 0.392 Nm
(4 kgfcm)
(continued)
Removing and replacing a FRU
120 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 125 ---
2
2
3
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 121

--- Page 126 ---
To install the antenna assembly, do as follows:
1. Attach the antenna assembly to the hinge, aligning the
screw hole and the claws a with the edge of the
hinge.
Note: Attach the gray cable (MAIN) to the left side and
the black cable (AUX) to the right side of the
LCD cover.
1
2
2
a
2. Place the antenna assembly on the LCD cover.
(continued)
Removing and replacing a FRU
122 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 127 ---
3. Make sure that the antenna assembly and hinges are
firmly attached; there are some projections (b, c)
on the LCD cover to fix the antenna assembly into
place. And then, route the gray cable as in this figure.
b
c
3
3
(continued)
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 123

--- Page 128 ---
4. Route the black cable as in figures 4 and 5.
4
4
5
5. Secure the antenna assembly and hinges with screws
to the LCD cover.
Removing and replacing a FRU
124 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 129 ---
3010 ThinkPad Dock PCI cover
Before replacing the PCI cover:
There are two types of ThinkPad Dock, as follows:
v ThinkPad Dock: FRU no. 08N1546 (PCI cover: FRU no.
05K6246)
v ThinkPad Dock with extension plate: FRU no. 08N1537
(PCI cover: FRU no. 08N7317)
Confirm the FRU no. of the ThinkPad Dock first and
choose the proper PCI cover FRU for the ThinkPad Dock
you are servicing.
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 125

--- Page 130 ---
Note: The following illustration shows how to remove the
PCI cover of ThinkPad Dock (FRU no. 08N1546).
Do the same to remove the PCI cover of ThinkPad
Dock with extension plate (FRU no. 08N1537).
1
2
1
(Bottom view)
Removing and replacing a FRU
126 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 131 ---
3020 ThinkPad Dock top cover
Note
This section is only for the ThinkPad Dock (FRU no.
08N1546). The top cover and screw kit for ThinkPad
Dock (FRU no. 12P4143) is not available for the
ThinkPad Dock with extension plate (FRU no.
08N1537) .
1
(Rear view)
Step Screw (quantity) Torque
1 M2.5 × 4.8 mm (2) 0.392 Nm
(4 kgfcm)
(continued)
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 127

--- Page 132 ---
2
2
2
(Bottom view)
Step Screw (quantity) Torque
2 M2.5 × 4.8 mm (8) 0.392 Nm
(4 kgfcm)
(continued)
Removing and replacing a FRU
128 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 133 ---
Make sure that the system lock key A is set to the Unlock
position. Release the front latches in step 3, and then
remove the top cover 4. For step 5, see the inside
view, shown in the circle.
5
4
3
A
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 129

--- Page 134 ---
When replacing the top cover, do the following:
v Make sure that the springs are placed correctly.
v Make sure that the device release lever is seated
correctly.
(continued)
Removing and replacing a FRU
130 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 135 ---
v Make sure that the release button works correctly.
Removing and replacing a FRU
ThinkPad T30 131

--- Page 136 ---
Locations
Front view
1 Bluetooth on-off switch (for some models)
2 Bluetooth status indicator (for some models)
3 Power status indicators
4 Power switch
5 Infrared port
6 Ultrabay Plus
Note: The Ultrabay Plus accepts several
storage devices, such as a DVD drive, a
CD-RW drive, or a DVD/CD-RW combo
drive, and also accepts an Ultrabay Plus
carrier.
7 Ultrabay Plus device eject lever
8 Ultrabay Plus latch
9 Ultrabay Plus status indicator
10 Built-in microphone
11 TrackPoint pointing stick
12 TrackPoint buttons
13 Touch pad buttons
14 Touch pad
15 UltraNav
16 ThinkPad button
17 Volume control buttons
18 System status indicators
Locations
132 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 137 ---
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
16
15
17
18
Locations
ThinkPad T30 133

--- Page 138 ---
Rear view
1 Security keyhole
2 AC power connector
3 Video-out connector
4 Universal serial bus (USB) connectors
5 Ethernet connector
6 Modem connector
7 External-monitor connector
8 Parallel connector
9 Serial connector
10 Power status indicators
11 Bluetooth status indicator (for some models)
23456789
1
10
11
Locations
134 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 139 ---
Bottom view
1 Battery pack
2 Shock absorber
3 Battery pack latches
4 DIMM slots
5 Docking connector
6 Mini PCI card and communication daughter card
slots
7 PC Card slots
8 PC Card eject buttons
9 Stereo headphone jack
10 Stereo line-in jack
11 Microphone jack
12 Hard-disk drive
13 LCD latches
14 Built-in stereo speakers
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
13
13
14
12
Locations
ThinkPad T30 135

--- Page 140 ---
Parts list
T30 series model matrix
The T30 series includes several models. The following
table summarizes the characteristics of each model, to
help you determine which FRU in the part list meets your
need.
Model CDC Mini PCI
adapter
LCD Bay
device
CPU
T30 (memory, 256 MB; video memory, 16 MB; HDD, 20 GB)
2366-21x, 61x
TP
MDC — 14.1-in.
XGA with
antenna
DVD-
ROM
N1.6G
2366-23x, 63x
2367-21x, 61x
TP
2367-23x, 63x
2366-D1x, H1x
TP
DVD/
CD-RW
2366-E2x, K2x
*1 TP
BDC 802.11b/
Modem
CD-RW
2366-N6x, R6x MDC — DVD/
CD-RW
N1.8G
2366-66x
TP
DVD-
ROM
N1.9G
2366-68x
2367-66x
TP
2367-68x
2367-67x — 802.11b/
Modem
T30 (memory, 256 MB; video memory, 16 MB; HDD, 40 GB 4200
rpm)
2366-B1x
TP
— 802.11b/
Modem
14.1-in.
XGA with
antenna
DVD/
CD-RW
N1.6G
2366-P6x MDC — N1.8G
2366-41x, 81x,
C1x, G1x
TP
DVD-
ROM
2366-43x, 83x
2366-42x, 82x
*1 TP
— 802.11b/
Modem
2366-44x, 84x
*1
2366-45x, 85x
*1 TP
MDC 802.11b
(CISCO)
2367-41x, 81x
TP
—
(continued)
Parts list
136 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 141 ---
Model CDC Mini PCI
adapter
LCD Bay
device
CPU
T30 (memory, 256 MB; video memory, 16 MB; HDD, 40 GB 4200
rpm)
2367-43x, 83x MDC — 14.1-in.
XGA with
antenna
DVD-
ROM
N1.8G
2367-42x, 82x
*1 TP
— 802.11b/
Modem
2367-44x, 84x
*1
T30 (memory, 256 MB; video memory, 16 MB; HDD, 40 GB 5400
rpm)
2366-F1x, J1x
*1 *2 TP
MDC — 14.1-in.
SXGA+
with
antenna
DVD/
CD-RW
N1.8G
2366-51x, 91x
*1 TP
2366-F2x, J2x
*1 *2 TP
BDC 802.11b/
Modem
2366-52x, 92x
*1 TP
2366-L2x
*1 TP
—
2366-E7x, K7x
*1 TP
BDC 14.1-in.
XGA with
antenna
N1.9G
2366-86x, C6x
TP
MDC — DVD-
ROM
N2.0G
2366-88x
*1
2366-87x
*1 TP
— 802.11b/
Modem
2366-89x
*1
2366-8Ax
*1 TP
MDC 802.11
(CISCO)
2366-B2x — 802.11b/
Modem
DVD/
CD-RW
2366-N7x, R7x MDC —
2367-86x
TP
DVD-
ROM
2367-87x
*1
— 802.11b/
Modem
2367-89x
2367-88x MDC —
T30 (memory, 256 MB, video memory. 16 MB; HDD, 60 GB 4200
rpm)
2366-56x, 96x
*1 TP
MDC — 14.1-in.
SXGA+
with
antenna
DVD/
CD-RW
N2.0G
2366-5Ax, 9Ax
*1 *2 TP
2366-57x, 97x,
9Cx
*1 TP
BDC 802.11b/
Modem
2366-5Bx, 9Bx,
J4x
*1 *2 TP
(continued)
Parts list
ThinkPad T30 137

--- Page 142 ---
Model CDC Mini PCI
adapter
LCD Bay
device
CPU
T30 (memory, 256 MB; video memory, 16 MB; HDD, 40 GB 4200
rpm)
2366-FBx
*1 TP
— 802.11b/
Modem
14.1-in.
XGA with
antenna
DVD/
CD-RW
N2.2G
2367-FBx
*1 TP
T30 (memory, 256 MB; video memory, 16 MB;)
2366-M6x
*1 TP
— 802.11b/
Modem
14.1-in.
XGA with
antenna
— N2.2G
2366-M7x
*1 TP
14.1-in.
SXGA+
with
antenna
N2.4G
T30 (memory, 256 MB; video memory, 16 MB; HDD, 60 GB 4200
rpm)
2366-JBx
*1 TP
— 802.11b/
Modem
14.1-in.
SXGA+
with
antenna
DVD/
CD-RW
N2.4G
N xxx G: Mobile Intel
®
Pentium
®
4 processor - M xxx GHz
*1: models featuring security chip
*2: models with 512 MB base memory
TP: models featuring touch pad
Parts list
138 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 143 ---
Overall
1
2
4
3
5
20
15
10
7
8
1112
c
a
d
9
13
14
25
16
19
17
18
6
21
24
e
f
27
28
22
23
b
26
Parts list
ThinkPad T30 139

--- Page 144 ---
v Each FRU is available for all types or models, unless
specific types or models are given.
v The parts marked with asterisks are CRUs (customer
replaceable units.)
v FRUs marked with OP are also available as optional
FRUs.
No. FRU P/N
a-f See “Miscellaneous parts” on page 156.
1 LCD unit (see “LCD FRUs” on page 149).
2 Keyboard bezel assembly without touch pad
v 2366-x3x except x3K, A3U, M3U, M3J
v 2366-x4x except x4K, A4U, M4U, M4J
v 2366-x8x except x8K
v 2366-x9x except x9K
v 2367-x3x except x3K
v 2367-x4x except x4K
v 2367-x9x except x9K
46L4777
v 2366-x3K, x4K, x8K, x9K except J4K
v 2367-x3K, x4K, x8K, x9K
46P2580
Keyboard bezel assembly with touch pad
v 2366-x1x except x1K
v 2366-x2x except x2K
v 2366-x5x except x5K
v 2366-x6x except x6K
v 2366-x7x except x7K
v 2366-A3U, A4U, A6U, A7U, M3U, M3J,
M4U, M4J, xAx, xBx, xGx
v 2367-x1x except x1K
v 2367-x2x except x2K
v 2367-x6x except x6K
v 2367-x7x except x7K
46L4781
v 2366-x1K, x2K, x5K, x6K, x7K, and J4K
v 2367-x1K, x2K, x6K, x7K
46L6591
3 Diskette drive (TEAC) OP
v 2366-xxB, xxC, xxE, xxH, xxJ, xxT
08K6906*
Diskette drive (SONY) OP
v 2366-xxB, xxC, xxE, xxH, xxJ, xxT
08K9607*
CD-RW (TEAC) OP
v 2366-E2x, K2x
27L4297*
DVD drive 8x (HITACHI) OP
v 2366-21x, 23x, 41x, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x,
61x, 63x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 81x, 82x, 83x, 84x,
85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Gx, C1x,
C6x, G1x
v 2367-all
27L4355*
(continued)
Parts list
140 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 145 ---
No. FRU P/N
3 DVD drive 8x (MKE) LW
v 2366-21x, 23x, 61x, 63x, 66x, 67x, 68x,
41x, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 81x, 82x, 83x, 84x,
85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Gx, C1x,
C6x, G1x
v 2367-all
27L4351*
DVD/CD-RW combo drive (KME) OP
v 2366-51x, 52x, 91x, 92x B1x, D1x, F1x,
F2x, H1x, J1x, J2x, L2x
27L4359*
DVD/CD-RW combo drive (TEAC)
v 2366-51x, 52x, 91x, 92x B1x, D1x, F1x,
F2x, H1x, J1x, J2x, L2x
08K9785*
DVD/CD-RW combo drive (KME)
v 2366-56x, 57x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 96x, 97x, 9Ax,
9Bx, E7x, K7x, N6x, R6x, P6x
v 2366-J4x, B2x, N7x, R7x
08K9818*
DVD/CD-RW combo drive (HDLS) OP
v 2366-56x, 57x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 96x, 97x, 9Ax,
9Bx, E7x, K7x, N6x, R6x, P6x
v 2366-J4x, B2x, N7x, R7x
08K9820*
DVD/CD-RW combo drive (HDLS) OP
v 2366-FBx, JBx
v 2367-FBx
08K9868*
For optional Ultrabay Plus devices, see “Optional FRUs”
on page 159.
4 Ultrabay Plus guide rail assembly 46L4757
5 Microphone cable assembly 02K6210
6 Communication daughter card (CDC)
Modem daughter card (MDC) AMBIT
v 2366-21x, 23x, 41x, 43x, 45x, 51x, 56x,
5Ax, 61x, 63x, 66x, 68x, 81x, 83x, 85x,
86x, 88x, 8Ax, 8Gx, 91x, 96x, 9Ax, A1x,
A2x, A3x, A4x, A5x, A6x, C1x, C6x, D1x,
F1x, H1x, J1x, G1x, M1x, M2x, M3x, M4x,
N6x, R6x, P6x
v 2366-N7x, R7x
v 2367-21x, 23x, 41x, 43x, 61x, 63x, 66x,
68x, 81x, 83x, 86x, 88x
26P8256*
Bluetooth daughter card (BDC)
v 2366-52x, 57x, 5Bx, 92x, 97x, 9Bx, A7x,
E2x, E7x, F2x, J2x, K2x, K7x, M5x
v 2366-J4x
12P3872
7 Spacer, I/O card 46L4799
8 I/O card assembly 91P7213
(continued)
Parts list
ThinkPad T30 141

--- Page 146 ---
No. FRU P/N
9 Cover, Mini PCI adapter slot
v 2366-all except FBx, FJx, M6x, M7x
v 2367-all except FBx
46L4775*
Cover, Mini PCI adapter slot
v 2366-FBx, FJx, M6x, M7x
v 2367-FBx
91P8911*
10 Battery pack, Li-Ion (6 cell) 2.2 Ah
PANASONIC OP
v all models except xxJ
02K7037*
models xxJ OP 02K7038*
Battery pack, Li-Ion (6 cell) 2.2 Ah SANYO
OP
v all models except xxJ
02K7072*
models xxJ OP 02K7073*
For optional battery packs, see “Optional FRUs” on
page 159.
11 Backup battery 02K6572*
12 Shock absorber 46P2625*
13 Cover, DIMM slot 46L4774*
14 Speaker assembly 02K6206
15 Base cover assembly for 2366
WW
v 2366-23x except 23C, 23K, 23T
v 2366-41x except 41C, 41K, 41T
v 2366-43x except 43C, 43K, 43T
v 2366-51x except 51C, 51K, 51T
v 2366-61x except 61C, 61K, 61T
v 2366-63x except 63C, 63K, 63T
v 2366-81x except 81C, 81K, 81T
v 2366-83x except 83C, 83K, 83T
v 2366-91x except 91C, 91K, 91T
v 2366-A1x, A2x, A3x, A4x, A5x, A6x, C1x,
D1x, G1x, H1x
v 2366-56x except 56C, 56K, 56T
v 2366-5Ax except 5AK
v 2366-66x except 66C, 66K, 66T
v 2366-68x except 68C, 68K, 68T
v 2366-86x except 86C, 86K, 86T
v 2366-88x except 88C, 88K, 88T
v 2366-96x except 96C, 96K, 96T
v 2366-9Ax except 9AK
v 2366-C6T
v 2366-M1x, M2x, M3x, M4x, N6x, R6x, P6x
v 2366-N7x, R7x
91P8503
(continued)
Parts list
142 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 147 ---
No. FRU P/N
15 Base cover assembly for 2366
WW (wireless)
v 2366-42x except 42C, 42K, 42T
v 2366-44x except 44C, 44K, 44T
v 2366-82x except 82C, 82K, 82T
v 2366-84x except 84C, 84K, 84T
v 2366-B1x, L2x
v 2366-67x except 67C, 67K, 67T
v 2366-87x except 87C, 87K, 87T
v 2366-89x except 89C, 89K, 89T
v 2366-FBx except FBC, FBK, FBT
v 2366-JBx except JBC, JBK, JBT
v 2366-B2x, M6x, M7x
91P8504
WW (CISCO wireless)
v 2366-45x except 45C
v 2366-85x, except 85C
v 2366-8Ax except 8AC, 8AK, 8AT
v 2366-8Gx
91P8505
WW wireless (BDC+Hopkins)
v 2366-52x except 52C, 52T
v 2366-92x except 92C, 92T
v 2366-A7x, E2x, K2x
v 2366-57x except 57C, 57K, 57T
v 2366-5Bx except 5BK
v 2366-97x except 97C, 97K, 97T
v 2366-9Bx except 9BK
v 2366-E7x, K7x, M5x
91P8506
China
v 2366-2xC, 4xC, 5xC, 6xC, 8xC, 9xC
v 2366-56C, 57C, 66C, 68C, 86C, 87C, 88C,
89C, 8AC, 96C, 97C
v 2366-FBC, JBC
91P8511
Korea
v 2366-2xK, 4xK, 6xK, 8xK, FxK, JxK
v 2366-66K, 68K, 86K, 87K, 88K, 89K, 8AK
v 2366-FBK, JBK
91P8510
Taiwan
v 2366-2xT, 6xT, 41T, 43T, 51T 81T, 83T, 91T
v 2366-56T, 66T, 68T, 86T, 88T, 96T, C6T
91P8507
Taiwan (wireless)
v 2366-42T, 44T, 52T, 82T, 84T, 92T
v 2366-87T, 89T
v 2366-FBT, JBT
91P8508
Taiwan wireless (BDC+Hopkins)
v 2366-52T, 92T
v 2366-57T, 97T
91P8509
Taiwan wireless (CISCO wireless)
v 2366-8AT
91P8519
Saudi Arabia (CISCO wireless)
v 2366-xxG
91P8512
(continued)
Parts list
ThinkPad T30 143

--- Page 148 ---
No. FRU P/N
15 Base cover assembly for 2367
WW
v 2367-23x except 23C, 23K, 23T
v 2367-41x except 41C, 41K, 41T
v 2367-43x except 43C, 43K, 43T
v 2367-61x except 61C, 61K, 61T
v 2367-63x except 63C, 63K, 63T
v 2367-81x except 81C, 81K, 81T
v 2367-83x except 83C, 83K, 83T
v 2367-66x except 66C, 66K, 66T
v 2367-68x except 68C, 68K, 68T
v 2367-86x except 86C, 86K, 86T
v 2367-88x except 88C, 88K, 88T
91P8513
WW (wireless)
v 2367-42x except 42C, 42K, 42T
v 2367-44x except 44C, 44K, 44T
v 2367-82x except 82C, 82K, 82T
v 2367-84x except 84C, 84K, 84T
v 2367-87x except 87C, 87K, 87T
v 2367-89x except 89C, 89K, 89T
v 2367-FBx except FBC, FBK, FBT
91P8514
China
v 2367-21C, 23C, 41C, 43C, 51C, 61C, 63C,
81C, 83C, 91C
v 2367-66C, 68C, 86C, 87C, 88C, 89C
v 2367-FBC
91P8518
Korea
v 2367-2xK, 6xK, 41K, 43K, 44K, 81K, 83K,
84K
v 2367-66K, 68K, 86K, 87K, 88K, 89K
v 2367-FBK
91P8517
Taiwan
v 2367-2xT, 6xT, 41T, 43T, 81T, 83T
v 2367-66T, 68T, 86T, 88T
v 2367-FBT
91P8515
Taiwan (wireless)
v 2367-42T, 44T, 52T, 82T, 84T, 92T
v 2367-87T, 89T
91P8516
16 Louver Bluetooth antenna assembly 2
v 2366-52x, 92x, A7x, E2x, F2x, J2x, K2x
v 2366-57x, 5Bx, 97x, 9Bx, E7x, K7x, M5x
v 2366-J4x
46P3042
(continued)
Parts list
144 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 149 ---
No. FRU P/N
16 Louver assembly 2
v 2366-21x, 23x, 41x, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x,
51x, 61x, 63x, 81x, 82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 91x,
A1x, A2x, A3x, A4x, A5x, A6x, B1x, C1x,
D1x, F1x, G1x, H1x, J1x, L2x
v 2366-5Ax, 66x, 67x, 68x, 86x, 87x, 88x,
89x, 8Gx, 9Ax, M1x, M2x, M3x, M4x, N6x,
R6x, P6x
v 2366-B2x, N7x, R7x, FBx, JBx, M6x, M7x
v 2367-21x, 23x, 41x, 42x, 43x, 44x, 61x,
63x, 81x, 82x, 83x, 84x
v 2367-56x, 66x, 68x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x,
8Ax, 96x, C6x
v 2367-FBx
46P3041
17 256-MB DDR SDRAM SO DIMM (PC2100)
OP
v 2366-all except 5Ax, 5Bx, 9Ax, 9Bx, F1x,
F2x, J1x, J2x
v 2367-all
10K0031*
512-MB DDR SDRAM SO DIMM (PC2100)
OP
v 2366-all except 5Ax, 5Bx, 9Ax, 9Bx, F1x,
F2x, J1x, J2x
10K0033*
18 IBM High Rate Wireless LAN Mini-PCI Adapter
China OP
v 2366-42C, 44C, 52C, 57C, 82C, 84C, 87C,
89C, 92C, 97C
26P8313
WW (except China)
v 2366-42x, 44x, 52x, 57x, 5Bx, 67x, 82x,
84x, 87x, 89x, 92x, 97x, 9Bx, A7x, B1x,
E7x, E2x, F2x, J2x, K2x, K7x, L2x, M5x
except xxC
v 2366-B2x, FBx, JBx, M6x, M7x
v 2367-42x, 44x, 82x, 84x, 87x, 89x except
xxC
v 2367-FBx
26P8442
WW 2 (except China) OP
v 2366-42x, 44x, 52x, 57x, 5Bx, 67x, 82x,
84x, 87x, 89x, 92x, 97x, 9Bx, A7x, B1x,
E2x, E7x, F2x, J2x, K2x, K7x, L2x, M5x
except xxC
v 2366-B2x, FBx, JBx, M6x, M7x
v 2367-42x, 44x, 82x, 84x, 87x, 89x except
xxC
v 2367-FBx
26P8437
(continued)
Parts list
ThinkPad T30 145

--- Page 150 ---
No. FRU P/N
18 Cisco Aironet Wireless 802.11b Mini-PCI by IBM
NA
v 2366-45A, 45B, 45F, 45H, 45U, 45M, 85A,
85B, 85F, 85H, 85U, 85M, 8AA, 8AB, 8AF,
8AH, 8AU
26P8319
China
v 2366-45C, 85C, 8AC
26P8325
EMEA
v 2366-45G, 85G, 8AG, 8GA
26P8321
Japan
v 2366-45J, 85J, 8AJ
26P8323
NA OP
v 2366-45A, 45B, 45F, 45H, 45U, 45M, 85A,
85B, 85F, 85H, 85U, 85M, 8AA, 8AB, 8AF,
8AH, 8AU
26P8435
EMEA 2 OP
v 2366-45G, 85G, 8AG, 8GA
26P8367
Japan 2 OP
v 2366-45J, 85J, 8AJ
26P8369
China 2 OP
v 2366-45C, 85C, 8AC
26P8371
19 System board assembly for Pentium 4
v 2366-21x, 23x, 41x, 43x, 61x, 63x, 81x,
83x, A1x, A3x, A5x, B1x, C1x, D1x, G1x,
H1x
v 2367-21x, 23x, 41x, 43x, 61x, 63x, 81x,
83x
26P8205
System board assembly for Pentium 4 with
security chip
v 2366-42x, 44x, 45x, 51x, 52x, 82x, 84x,
85x, 91x, 92x, A2x, A4x, A6x, A7x, E2x,
F1x, F2x, J1x, J2x, K2x, L2x
v 2367-42x, 44x, 82x, 84x
26P8328
System board assembly 2 for Pentium 4
v 2366-66x, 68x, 86x, 88x, C6x, M1x, M3x
v 2367-66x, 68x, 86x, 88x
91P7211
System board assembly 2 for Pentium 4 with
security chip
v 2366-56x, 57x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 67x, 87x, 89x,
8Ax, 8Gx, 96x, 97x, 9Ax, 9Bx, B2x, E7x,
K7x, M2x, M4x, M5x, N6x, N7x, R6x, R7x,
P6x, FBx, J4x, JBx, M6x, M7x
v 2367-87x, 89x, FBx
91P7212
20 CPU assembly, Pentium 4 (1.6 GHz)
v 2366-21x, 23x, 61x, 63x, A1x, A2x, B1x,
D1x, E2x, H1x, K2x
v 2367-21x, 23x, 61x, 63x
26P8242
(continued)
Parts list
146 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 151 ---
No. FRU P/N
20 CPU assembly, Pentium 4 (1.8 GHz)
v 2366-41x, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 51x, 52x,
81x, 82x, 83x, 84x, 85x, 91x, 92x, A3x,
A4x, A5x, A6x, A7x, C1x, F1x, F2x, G1x,
J1x, J2x, L2x, N6x, R6x, P6x
v 2367-41x, 42x, 43x, 44x, 81x, 82x, 83x,
84x
26P8327
CPU assembly, Pentium 4 (1.9 GHz)
v 2366-66x, 67x, 68x, E7x, K7x
v 2367-66x, 68x
26P8431
CPU assembly, Pentium 4 (2.0 GHz)
v 2366-56x, 57x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 86x, 87x, 88x,
89x, 8Ax, 8Gx, 96x, 97x, 9Ax, 9Bx, C6x,
M1x, M2x, M3x, M4x, M5x
v 2366-J4x, B2x, N7x, R7x
v 2367-86x, 87x, 88x, 89x
26P8432
CPU assembly, Pentium 4 (2.2 GHz)
v 2366-FBx, M6x
v 2367-FBx
91P7209
CPU assembly, Pentium 4 (2.4 GHz)
v 2366-JBx, M7x
91P7210
21 Hard-disk guide rail assembly 46L4768
22 PC card slot 46L4749
23 Fan
v 2366-21x, 23x, 41x, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x,
51x, 52x, 61x, 63x, 81x, 83x, 82x, 84x, 85x,
91x, 92x, A1x, A2x, A3x, A4x, A5x, A6x,
A7x, B1x, C1x, D1x, E2x, F1x, F2x, G1x,
H1x, J1x, J2x, K2x, L2x,
v 2367-21x, 23x, 41x, 42x, 43x, 44x, 61x,
63x, 81x, 82x, 83x, 84x
46L4753
Fan 2
v 2366-56x, 57x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 66x, 67x, 68x,
86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Gx, 96x, 97x,
9Ax, 9Bx, C6x, E7x, K7x, M1x, M2x, M3x,
M4x, M5x, N6x, R6x, P6x
v 2366-J4x, B2x, N7x, R7x
v 2367-66x, 68x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x
46P3132
Fan
v 2366-FBx, JBx, M6x, M7x
v 2367-FBx
91P8908
24 Hard-disk drive (20 GB) 9.5 mm 4200 rpm,
HITACHI
v 2366-21x, 23x, 61x, 63x, 66x, 67x, 68x,
D1x, E2x, H1x, K2x, N6x, R6x
v 2367-21x, 23x, 61x, 63x, 66x, 68x
08K9533*
Hard-disk drive (20 GB) 9.5 mm 4200 rpm,
IBM STD OP
v 2366-21x, 23x, 61x, 63x, 66x, 67x, 68x,
D1x, E2x, H1x, K2x, N6x, R6x
v 2367-21x, 23x, 61x, 63x, 66x, 68x
27L4286*
(continued)
Parts list
ThinkPad T30 147

--- Page 152 ---
No. FRU P/N
24 Hard-disk drive (20 GB) 9.5 mm 4200 rpm,
FUJITSU
v 2366-21x, 23x, 61x, 63x, 66x, 67x, 68x,
D1x, E2x, H1x, K2x, N6x, R6x
v 2367-21x, 23x, 61x, 63x, 66x, 68x
27L4385*
Hard-disk drive (40 GB) 9.5 mm 4200 rpm,
HITACHI
v 2366-41x, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 81x, 82x,
83x, 84x, 85x, B1x, C1x, G1x
v 2367-41x, 42x, 43x, 44x, 81x, 82x, 83x,
84x
08K9767*
Hard-disk drive (40 GB) 9.5 mm 4200 rpm,
IBM STD
v 2366-41x, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x, 81x, 82x,
83x, 84x, 85x, B1x, C1x, G1x
v 2367-41x, 42x, 43x, 44x, 81x, 82x, 83x,
84x
08K9683*
Hard-disk drive (40 GB) 9.5 mm 5400 rpm,
TOSHIBA
v 2366-51x, 52x, 91x, 92x, F1x, F2x, J1x,
J2x, L2x
08K9758*
Hard-disk drive (40 GB) 9.5 mm 5400 rpm,
IBM STD
v 2366-51x, 52x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax,
8Gx, 91x, 92x, C6x, E7x, F1x, F2x, J1x,
J2x, K7x, L2x, P6x
v 2366-B2x, N7x, R7x, FBx
v 2367-86x, 87x, 88x, 89x
v 2367-FBx
27L4384*
Hard-disk drive (40 GB) 9.5 mm 5400 rpm,
HITACHI
v 2366-51x, 52x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax,
8Gx, 91x, 92x, C6x, E7x, F1x, F2x, J1x,
J2x, K7x, L2x, P6x
v 2366-B2x, N7x, R7x, FBx
v 2367-86x, 87x, 88x, 89x
v 2367-FBx
08K9834*
Hard-disk drive (60 GB) 9.5 mm 4200 rpm,
HITACHI
v 2366-56x, 57x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 96x, 97x, 9Ax,
9Bx
v 2366-J4x, JBx
08K9833*
For optional hard-disk drive, see “Optional FRUs” on
page 159.
25 Cover, hard-disk drive 46L4795*
26 Keyboard* (see “Keyboard” on page 153.)
27 Pointing stick cap 26P9212
28 Hinge cover 46L4793
— Telephone cable (SAN TAI) 27L0700*
— Video cable 27L0531*
— Recovery CD (see “Recovery CDs” on page 154.)
— AC adapter (see “AC adapters” on page 156.)
Parts list
148 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 153 ---
LCD FRUs
5
6
8
2
1
3
4
7
Supplier/
Resolution
Base
brightness
LCD panel
PPN
LCD panel
FRU no.
(6)
LCD panel
and
inverter kit
FRU no.
(7)
LG/XGA 200nit 11P8218 11P8222 N/A
150nit 11P8288 11P8293 11P8259
LG/SXGA+ 200nit 11P8219 11P8223 N/A
150nit 11P8290 11P8295 11P8307
SAMSUNG/
XGA
200nit 11P8269 11P8272 N/A
150nit 11P8289 11P8294 11P8306
SAMSUNG/
SXGA+
200nit 11P8270 11P8273 N/A
150nit 1P8291 11P8296 46L2370
Parts list
ThinkPad T30 149

--- Page 154 ---
14.1-in. XGA TFT
No. FRU P/N
1 LCD cover kit 14.1-in. (all models except xxK) 46L3014
models xxK 46L3015
2 Hinges 46L4814
3 LCD cable assembly 14.1 XGA
v 2366-21x, 23x, 41x, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x,
61x, 63x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 81x, 82x, 83x,
84x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Gx,
A1x, A2x, A3x, A4x, B1x, C1x, C6x, D1x,
E2x, E7x, G1x, H1x, K2x, K7x, M1x, M2x,
N6x, R6x, P6x
v 2366-B2x, N7x, R7x, FBx, M6x
v 2367-all
27L0705
4 Antenna assembly for wireless LAN 46L4820
5 Inverter card assembly for 150nit LCD except
for 2366-FBx, JBx, M6x, M7x, 2367-FBx
26P8412
Inverter card assembly for 200nit LCD 26P8411
Inverter card assembly for 150nit LCD
v 2366-FBx, JBx, M6x, M7x
v 2367-FBx
91P7147
6 LCD panel 14.1-in. XGA (LG)
v 2366-21x, 23x, 41x, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x,
61x, 63x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 81x, 82x, 83x,
84x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Gx,
A1x, A2x, A3x, A4x, B1x, C1x, C6x, D1x,
E2x, E7x, G1x, H1x, K2x, K7x, M1x, M2x,
N6x, R6x, P6x
v 2367-all
11P8222
LCD panel 14.1-in. XGA (SAMSUNG)
v 2366-21x, 23x, 41x, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x,
61x, 63x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 81x, 82x, 83x,
84x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Gx,
A1x, A2x, A3x, A4x, B1x, C1x, C6x, D1x,
E2x, E7x, G1x, H1x, K2x, K7x, M1x, M2x,
N6x, R6x, P6x
v 2367-all
11P8272
LCD panel 14.1-in. XGA (SAMSUNG) 150nit
v 2366-21x, 23x, 41x, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x,
61x, 63x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 81x, 82x, 83x,
84x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Gx,
A1x, A2x, A3x, A4x, B1x, C1x, C6x, D1x,
E2x, E7x, G1x, H1x, K2x, K7x, M1x, M2x,
N6x, R6x, P6x
v 2366-B2x, N7x, R7x, FBx, M6x
v 2367-all
11P8294
(continued)
Parts list
150 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 155 ---
No. FRU P/N
6 LCD panel 14.1-in. XGA (LG) 150nit
v 2366-21x, 23x, 41x, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x,
61x, 63x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 81x, 82x, 83x,
84x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Gx,
A1x, A2x, A3x, A4x, B1x, C1x, C6x, D1x,
E2x, E7x, G1x, H1x, K2x, K7x, M1x, M2x,
N6x, R6x, P6x
v 2366-B2x, N7x, R7x, FBx, M6x
v 2367-all
11P8293
7 LCD panel/Inverter kit - 14.1-in. XGA (LG)
150nit
v 2366-21x, 23x, 41x, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x,
61x, 63x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 81x, 82x, 83x,
84x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Gx,
A1x, A2x, A3x, A4x, B1x, C1x, C6x, D1x,
E2x, E7x, G1x, H1x, K2x, K7x, M1x, M2x,
N6x, R6x, P6x
v 2366-B2x, N7x, R7x, FBx, M6x
v 2367-all
11P8359
LCD panel/Inverter kit - 14.1-in. XGA
(SAMSUNG) 150nit
v 2366-21x, 23x, 41x, 42x, 43x, 44x, 45x,
61x, 63x, 66x, 67x, 68x, 81x, 82x, 83x,
84x, 85x, 86x, 87x, 88x, 89x, 8Ax, 8Gx,
A1x, A2x, A3x, A4x, B1x, C1x, C6x, D1x,
E2x, E7x, G1x, H1x, K2x, K7x, M1x, M2x,
N6x, R6x, P6x
v 2366-B2x, N7x, R7x, FBx, M6x
v 2367-all
11P8306
8 Clear plate 46P3018
Parts list
ThinkPad T30 151

--- Page 156 ---
14.1-in. SXGA+ TFT
No. FRU P/N
1 LCD cover kit 14.1-in. (all models except xxK) 46L3014
models xxK 46L3015
2 Hinges 46L4814
3 LCD cable assembly 14.1 SXGA+
v 2366-51x, 52x, 56x, 57x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 91x,
92x, 96x, 97x, 9Ax, 9Bx, A5x, A6x, A7x,
F1x, F2x, J1x, J2x, L2x, M3x, M4x, M5x
v 2366-JBx, M7x
27L0707
4 Antenna assembly for wireless LAN 46L4820
5 Inverter card assembly for 150nit LCD except
for 2366-FBx, JBx, M6x, M7x, 2367-FBx
26P8412
Inverter card assembly for 200nit LCD 26P8411
Inverter card assembly for 150nit LCD
v 2366-FBx, JBx, M6x, M7x
v 2367-FBx
91P7147
6 LCD panel 14.1-in. SXGA+ (LG)
v 2366-51x, 52x, 56x, 57x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 91x,
92x, 96x, 97x, 9Ax, 9Bx, A5x, A6x, A7x,
F1x, F2x, J1x, J2x, L2x, M3x, M4x, M5x
11P8223
LCD panel 14.1-in. SXGA+ (SAMSUNG)
v 2366-51x, 52x, 56x, 57x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 91x,
92x, 96x, 97x, 9Ax, 9Bx, A5x, A6x, A7x,
F1x, F2x, J1x, J2x, L2x, M3x, M4x, M5x
11P8273
LCD panel 14.1-in. SXGA+ (LG) 150nit
v 2366-51x, 52x, 56x, 57x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 91x,
92x, 96x, 97x, 9Ax, 9Bx, A5x, A6x, A7x,
F1x, F2x, J1x, J2x, L2x, M3x, M4x, M5x
v 2366-JBx, M7x
11P8295
LCD panel 14.1-in. SXGA+ (SAMSUNG)
150nit
v 2366-51x, 52x, 56x, 57x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 91x,
92x, 96x, 97x, 9Ax, 9Bx, A5x, A6x, A7x,
F1x, F2x, J1x, J2x, L2x, M3x, M4x, M5x
v 2366-JBx, M7x
11P8296
7 LCD panel/Inverter kit - 14.1-in. SXGA+ (LG)
150nit
v 2366-51x, 52x, 56x, 57x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 91x,
92x, 96x, 97x, 9Ax, 9Bx, A5x, A6x, A7x,
F1x, F2x, J1x, J2x, L2x, M3x, M4x, M5x
v 2366-JBx, M7x
11P8307
LCD panel/Inverter kit - 14.1-in. SXGA+
(SAMSUNG) 150nit
v 2366-51x, 52x, 56x, 57x, 5Ax, 5Bx, 91x,
92x, 96x, 97x, 9Ax, 9Bx, A5x, A6x, A7x,
F1x, F2x, J1x, J2x, L2x, M3x, M4x, M5x
v 2366-JBx, M7x
46L2370
Parts list
152 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 157 ---
Keyboard
Language P/N (NMB) P/N (ALPS)
Arabic 08K4691* 08K4720*
Belgian 08K4686* 08K4715*
Chinese, Traditional 08K4688* 08K4717*
Czech 08K4692* 08K4721*
Danish 08K4679* 08K4708*
Dutch 08K4676* 08K4705*
English, U.K. 08K4672* 08K4701*
English, U.S. 08K4670* 08K4699*
French, Canadian 08K4673* 08K4702*
French, European 08K4675* 08K4704*
German 08K4674* 08K4703*
Greek 08K4694* 08K4732*
Hungarian 08K4693* 08K4722*
Hebrew 08K4690* 08K4719*
Italian 08K4680* 08K4709*
Japanese 08K4671* 08K4700*
Korean 08K4685* 08K4714*
Norwegian 08K4678* 08K4707*
Polish 08K4696* 08K4725*
Portuguese 08K4683* 08K4712*
Russian 08K4689* 08K4718*
Slovak 08K4695* 08K4724*
Slovenian 08K4697* 08K4726*
Spanish, European 08K4681* 08K4710*
Spanish, Latin American 08K4684* 08K4713*
Swedish or Finnish 08K4677* 08K4706*
Swiss 08K4682* 08K4711*
Thai 08K4698* 08K4727*
Turkish 08K4687* 08K4716*
Parts list
ThinkPad T30 153

--- Page 158 ---
Recovery CDs
For Windows 2000
Language P/N
Arabic 01R5373*
Chinese, Simplified 67P4704*
Chinese, Traditional 67P4702*
Chinese, Traditional (Hong Kong S.A.R.) 67P4706*
Czech 01R5374*
Danish 01R5364*
Dutch 01R5371*
English, U.K. 01R5362*
English, U.S. 01R5361*
Finnish 01R5370*
French 01R5365*
German 01R5366*
Greek 01R5378*
Hebrew 01R5375*
Hungarian 01R5379*
Italian 01R5369*
Japanese 62P8915*
Norwegian 01R5372*
Polish 01R5376*
Portuguese 01R5363*
Russian 01R5380*
Spanish 01R5367*
Swedish 01R5368*
Turkish 01R5377*
Parts list
154 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 159 ---
For Windows XP professional
Language P/N
Arabic 01R5433*
Chinese, Simplified 67P4705*
Chinese, Traditional 67P4703*
Chinese, Traditional (Hong Kong S.A.R.) 67P4707*
Czech 01R5434*
Danish 01R5424*
Dutch 01R5431*
English, U.K. 01R5422*
English, U.S. 01R6864*
Finnish 01R5430*
French 01R5425*
German 01R5426*
Greek 01R5438*
Hebrew 01R5435*
Hungarian 01R5439*
Italian 01R5429*
Japanese 62P8918*
Norwegian 01R5432*
Polish 01R5436*
Portuguese 01R5423*
Russian 01R5440*
Spanish 01R5427*
Swedish 01R5428*
Turkish 01R5437*
Parts list
ThinkPad T30 155

--- Page 160 ---
AC adapters
FRU P/N
2-pin (72 W), ASTEC (models xxF, xxJ, xxP, xxS,
xxU, xxX) OP
02K6756*
2-pin (72 W), DELTA (models xxF, xxJ, xxP, xxS,
xxU, xxX) OP
02K6753*
2-pin (72 W), SANKEN (models xxF, xxJ, xxP, xxS,
xxU, xxX) OP
02K6757*
3-pin (72W), ASTEC (models xxA, xxC, xxG, xxH,
xxK, xxM, xxT) OP
02K6751*
3-pin (72W), DELTA (models xxA, xxC, xxG, xxH,
xxK, xxM, xxT) OP
02K6754*
Miscellaneous parts
FRU P/N
Screw kit (including nylon-coated screws):
v M3.0 × 2.8 mm, flat head (4)
v M2.5 × 16.0 mm, flat head (9)
v M2.5 × 4.8 mm, flat head (33)
v M2.0 × 16.0 mm, pan head (1)
v M2.0 × 4.0 mm, small head (7)
v CDC screw (4)
v HDD screw, M3.0 × 11.0 mm(1)
v Hex stud, D-sub (6)
v Security screw (1)
v Screw caps (3)
v Screw caps (not painted) (2)
v Screw caps, oval (6)
v Screw caps (rear) (2)
v Screw caps USB (3)
46L6594
System miscellaneous parts:
v (a) Cable, RJ11 to docking connector (system
board)
v (c) Backup battery holder
v (d) Louver bracket
v (e) Insulator, keyboard CRU
v (b) DC jack cable
v Easy button cover
v MiniPCI guide
v Logo (large)
v Thermal grease
v Screw caps
Note: Italicized letters in parentheses are
references to the exploded view on page 139.
46L5037
(continued)
Parts list
156 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 161 ---
FRU P/N
Base miscellaneous parts 1:
v Lens, IR
v Cover, Mini PCI adapter
v Shield sheet
v Spring, PC Card slot lid
v Spring, docking lid
v Lid, docking (front)
v Lid, docking (rear)
v Rubber foot (front)
v Rubber foot (rear)
v DIMM plate
v ESD plate, CPU
v ESD plate, docking
v Insulator on base cover A
v Insulator on base cover B
v Cu plate
v Thermal rubber 1
v Thermal rubber 2
v Thermal sponge 1
v Thermal sponge 2
v Latch, battery lock
v Knob, battery lock
v Spring, battery lock
v Label, danger, for backup battery
v Landing pad
v Thermal grease
v Screw caps
46L6593
System board miscellaneous parts 1:
v CDC studs
v Insulator, PC Card slot
v Insulator, battery latch
v Security chip spacer
v Insulator, docking latch
v Insulator, CPU
v Insulator, hard-disk drive bottom
v (f) Cable holder
v Form, docking connector A
v Form, docking connector B
v Thermal rubber (large)
v Thermal rubber (small)
v Insulator for fan
v Shock rubber spacer
v Thermal grease
v Screw caps
Note: Italicized letters in parentheses are
references to the exploded view on page 139.
46L6595
(continued)
Parts list
ThinkPad T30 157

--- Page 162 ---
FRU P/N
Base miscellaneous parts 2:
v Lens, IR
v Cover, Mini PCI adapter
v Shield sheet
v Spring, PC Card slot lid
v Spring, docking lid
v Lid, docking (front)
v Lid, docking (rear)
v Rubber foot (front)
v Rubber foot (rear)
v DIMM plate
v ESD plate, CPU
v ESD plate, docking
v Insulator on base cover A
v Insulator on base cover B
v Cu plate
v Thermal rubber 1
v Thermal rubber 2
v Thermal sponge 1
v Thermal sponge 2
v Latch, battery lock
v Knob, battery lock
v Spring, battery lock
v Label, danger, for backup battery
v Landing pad
v Thermal grease
v Screw caps, USB
v Screw caps
62P4049
System board miscellaneous parts 2:
v CDC studs
v Insulator, PC Card slot
v Insulator, battery latch
v Security chip spacer
v Insulator, docking latch
v Insulator, CPU
v Insulator, hard-disk drive bottom
v (f) Cable holder
v Form, docking connector A
v Form, docking connector B
v Form, fan (large)
v Form, fan (small)
v Form, fan blade
v Insulator for fan
v Shock rubber spacer
v Screw caps
Note: Italicized letters in parentheses are
references to the exploded view on page 139.
62P4050
Parts list
158 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 163 ---
Optional FRUs
Ultrabay Plus devices
FRU P/N
SuperDisk drive, LS-240 (MKE) 08K9615*
2nd HDD adapter 08K6067*
Ultrabay Plus battery, Li-Ion (SANYO) (excepting
-xxJ, xxE)
02K6817*
Ultrabay Plus battery, Li-Ion (SANYO) (for -xxJ, xxE) 02K6818*
Ultrabay Plus device carrier 26P9388*
Ultrabay Plus numeric keypad 19K2056*
Ultrabay Plus cradle for WorkPad c500 series 26P9389*
Other optional FRUs
FRU P/N
Hard-disk drive (60 GB) 5400 rpm 08K9700*
UltraPort camera 02K5153*
IBM tripod 08K6449*
UltraPort adapter and connector cover 08K6105*
USB cable attachment 08K6108*
USB cable 27L0542*
Bluetooth UltraPort module 09N9813*
ThinkPad Dock 08N1546*
PCI cover 05K6246*
ThinkPad Dock with extension plate 08N1537*
PCI cover 08N7317*
Top cover and screw kit for ThinkPad Dock 12P4143*
ThinkPad Port Replicator 08N1536*
Multiple battery charger 02K6642*
Diskette drive cable 27L0525*
Conversion adapter for diskette drive cable 08K6360*
Diskette drive (TEAC) 08K9606*
Diskette drive (SONY) 08K9607*
Parts list
ThinkPad T30 159

--- Page 164 ---
Common parts list
Tools
Tool P/N
Triconnector wrap plug 72X8546
PC test card 35G4703
Audio wrap cable 66G5180
USB parallel test cable 05K2580
Screwdriver kit 95F3598
Torque screwdriver 05K4695
5 mm socket wrench 05K4694
Screwdriver 27L8126
ThinkPad hardware maintenance diskette version
1.62
Note: Download the file from the following Web site:
http://www.ibm.com/pc/partner/infotips
—
Power cords (system)
IBM power cords for a specific country or region are
usually available only in that country or region:
For 2-pin power cords:
Region P/N
Canada, U.S. 13H5264*
Japan 13H5273*
Argentina 36L8870*
For 3-pin power cords:
Region P/N
Australia, New Zealand 76H3514*
Taiwan, Thailand 76H3516*
Italy 76H3530*
Denmark 76H3520*
U.K., China (Hong Kong S.A.R.) 76H3524*
European countries 76H3518*
India, South Africa 76H3522*
Israel 76H3532*
Korea 76H3535*
China (P.R.C.) (other than Hong Kong S.A.R.) 02K0539*
Switzerland 76H3528*
Parts list
160 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 165 ---
Power cords (ThinkPad Dock)
IBM power cords for a specific country or region are
usually available only in that country or region:
For 3-pin power cords:
Region P/N CRU
ID
Argentina 36L8868 *
Australia, New Zealand 75H8988
Canada, Thailand, U.S. 75H8989
Denmark 75H8992
European countries 75H8990
India, South Africa 75H8993
Israel 75H8999
Italy 75H8998
Japan 75H8996
Korea 76H3536
China (P.R.C.) (other than Hong Kong S.A.R) 02K0540
Switzerland 75H8997
U.K. 75H8994
Parts list
ThinkPad T30 161

--- Page 166 ---
Notices
References in this publication to IBM products, programs,
or services do not imply that IBM intends to make these
available in all countries in which IBM operates. Any
reference to an IBM product, program, or service is not
intended to state or imply that only that IBM product,
program, or service may be used. Any functionally
equivalent product, program, or service that does not
infringe any of the intellectual property rights of IBM may
be used instead of the IBM product, program, or service.
The evaluation and verification of operation in conjunction
with other products, except those expressly designated by
IBM, are the responsibility of the user.
IBM may have patents or pending patent applications
covering subject matter in this document. The furnishing of
this document does not give you any license to these
patents. You can send license inquiries, in writing, to the
IBM Director of Licensing, IBM Corporation, 500 Columbus
Avenue, Thornwood, NY 10594, U.S.A.
Trademarks
The following terms are trademarks of the IBM Corporation
in the United States or other countries or both:
Asset ID
IBM
OS/2
ThinkLight
ThinkPad
TrackPoint
Ultrabay
UltraPort
UltraNav
Microsoft, Windows, and Windows NT are trademarks of
Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other
countries.
Intel, Pentium, and SpeedStep are trademarks of Intel
Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
(For a complete list of Intel trademarks, see the legal
information on http://www.intel.com/)
Other company, product, or service names may be the
trademarks or service marks of others.
Notices
162 ThinkPad T30 (MT 2366, 2367)

--- Page 168 ---

Part Number: 92P1840
Printed in U.S.A.
(1P) P/N: 92P1840

