Brand: IBM
Model: Thinkpad R52
URL: https://www.manua.ls/ibm/thinkpad-r52/manual
Total Pages: 272
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
ThinkPad  Computer
Hardware
  Maintenance  Manual 
   
April 2008
This manual supports:
ThinkPad R50e Series
ThinkPad  Dock II (MT 2877)
(MT 1834, 1842, 2670)
ThinkPad R52 Series
(MT 1846, 1847, 1848, 1849, 1850,
1858, 1859, 1860, 1861, 1862,
1863, 1870)
ThinkPad R51e Series
(MT 1843, 1844, 1845)

--- Page 2 ---
Note 
Before  using  this  information  and  the  product  it 
supports,  be  sure  to  read  the  general  information 
under  “Notices”  on  page  263.
Second Edition (April 2008) 
© Copyright Lenovo 2005, 2008. 
Portions  ©  Copyright  International  Business  Machines 
Corporation 2005, 2008. 
All  rights  reserved. 
U.S.  GOVERNMENT  USERS  –  RESTRICTED  RIGHTS: 
Our  products  and/or  services  are  provided  with 
RESTRICTED  RIGHTS.  Use,  duplication  or  disclosure  by 
the  Government  is  subject  to  the  GSA  ADP  Schedule 
contract  with  Lenovo  Group  Limited,  if  any,  or  the  standard 
terms  of  this  commercial  license,  or  if  the  agency  is  unable 
to  accept  this  Program  under  these  terms,  then  we  provide 
this  Program  under  the  provisions  set  forth  in  Commercial 
Computer  Software–Restricted  Rights  at  FAR  52.227-19, 
when  applicable,  or  under  Rights  in  Data-General,  FAR 
52.227.14  (Alternate  III).

--- Page 3 ---
Contents 
About  this  manual   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .1 
Introduction   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .3 
Important  service  information  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .3 
Strategy  for  replacing  FRUs   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .3 
Strategy  for  replacing  a  hard  disk  drive   .  .  .  .  .4 
How  to  use  error  messages   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .4 
Strategy  for  replacing  FRUs  for  CTO,  CMV,  and  GAV  4 
Product  definition   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .4 
FRU  identification  for  CTO,  CMV,  and  GAV  products  5 
Important  information  about  replacing  RoHS  compliant 
FRUs   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .7 
Diskette  compatibility  matrix   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .8 
Safety  notices:  multilingual  translations   .  .  .  .  .  .8 
Safety  information  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .20 
General  safety  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .20 
Electrical  safety   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .21 
Safety  inspection  guide   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .23 
Handling  devices  that  are  sensitive  to  electrostatic 
discharge   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .24 
Grounding  requirements   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .25 
Laser  compliance  statement  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .26 
General  descriptions   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .29 
Read  this  first   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .29 
What  to  do  first   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .29 
Related  service  information   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .31 
Service  Web  site   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .31 
Restoring  the  pre-installed  system   .  .  .  .  .  .31 
Passwords   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .32 
Power  management   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .35 
Checkout  guide   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .38 
Testing  the  computer   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .38 
Detecting  system  information  with  PC-Doctor  .  .  .41 
Power  system  checkout   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .41 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series   .  .  .  .  .45 
Product  overview   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .47 
Specifications   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .47 
Status  indicators   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .54 
FRU  tests   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .57 
Fn  key  combinations   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .59 
Symptom-to-FRU  index   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .62 
Numeric  error  codes   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .62 
Error  messages   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .67 
Beep  symptoms   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .68 
No-beep  symptoms   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .68 
LCD-related  symptoms   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .69 
Intermittent  problems  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .70 
Undetermined  problems   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .70 
 
© Lenovo 2005. Portions © IBM Corp. 2005. iii

--- Page 4 ---
FRU  replacement  notices   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .71 
Screw  notices   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .71 
Retaining  serial  numbers .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .72 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .75 
1010  Battery  pack .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .76 
1020  Ultrabay  Enhanced  device  (for  R52  series)  77 
1030  Hard  disk  drive   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .79 
1040  DIMM  (optional)   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .81 
1050  Keyboard   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .82 
1060  Ultrabay  device  (for  R50e  series)   .  .  .  .86 
1070  DIMM  (standard)   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .87 
1080  Modem  daughter  card  (MDC-2)   .  .  .  .  .88 
1090  Bluetooth/Modem  daughter  card  (BMDC-3) 
(for  R52  series)   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .90 
1100  Keyboard  bezel  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .92 
1110  Touch  pad  and  Fingerprint  reader  (for  R52 
series)   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .96 
1120  Mini  PCI  adapter   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .99 
1130  Fan  assembly   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 103 
1140  CPU  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 104 
1150  Backup  battery   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 105 
1160  Speaker  assembly   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 106 
1170  IEEE  1394  (for  R52  series)   .  .  .  .  .  . 108 
1180  PC  Card  slot  assembly   .  .  .  .  .  .  . 111 
1190  Ultrabay  Enhanced  shield  kit   .  .  .  .  .114 
1200  LCD  assembly .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 121 
1210  VGA  and  Ultrabay  Enhanced  device  eject 
button  cable   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 125 
1220  System  board,  interposer  card,  and  base 
cover   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 128 
2010  LCD  front  bezel   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 135 
2020  Inverter  card   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 137 
2030  LCD  panel,  LCD  cable  assembly,  wireless 
LAN  antenna  assembly,  hinges,  and  LCD  cover  . 138 
3010  ThinkPad  Dock  II  PCI  cover  .  .  .  .  .  . 149 
3020  ThinkPad  Dock  II  top  cover   .  .  .  .  .  . 150 
Locations   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 153 
Front  view  (for  R50e)   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 153 
Rear  view  (for  R50e)   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 154 
Bottom  view  (for  R50e)  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 155 
Front  view  (for  R52)  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 156 
Rear  view  (for  R52)   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 158 
Bottom  view  (for  R52)   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 159 
Parts  list   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 160 
Overall   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 160 
LCD  FRUs   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 220 
AC  adapters   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 240 
Keyboard   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 241 
Recovery  CDs   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 243 
Miscellaneous  parts  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 253 
Optional  FRUs   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 259 
Common  parts  list   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 260 
Notices   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 263 
 
iv  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 5 ---
Trademarks   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 265
 
Contents  v

--- Page 6 ---
vi  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 7 ---
About  this  manual 
This  manual  contains  service  and  reference  information  for 
ThinkPad
®
 
R50e  series  (MT  1834,  1842,  2670),  R51e 
series  (MT  1843,  1844,  1845),  R52  series  (MT  1846,  1847, 
1848,  1850,  1858,  1859,  1860,  1861,  1862,  1863,  1870), 
and  ThinkPad  Dock  II  (MT2877)  products.  Use  this  manual 
along  with  the  advanced  diagnostic  tests  to  troubleshoot 
problems. 
 
 
Note 
MT  1850,  1862,  1863,  and  1870  are  special  bids. 
For  information  on  how  to  locate  service  parts,  refer 
to  “Strategy  for  replacing  FRUs  for  CTO,  CMV,  and 
GAV”  on  page  4.
 The  manual  is  divided  into  sections  as  follows: 
v    The  common  sections  provide  general  information, 
guidelines,  and  safety  information  required  in  servicing 
computers. 
v    The  product-specific  section  includes  service,  reference, 
and  product-specific  parts  information.
 
 
Important 
This  manual  is  intended  for  trained  service 
personnel  who  are  familiar  with  ThinkPad  products. 
Use  this  manual  along  with  the  advanced  diagnostic 
tests  to  troubleshoot  problems  effectively. 
Before  servicing  a  ThinkPad  product,  be  sure  to 
review  the  safety  information  under  “Safety  notices: 
multilingual  translations”  on  page  8,  “Safety 
information”  on  page  20,  and  “Laser  compliance 
statement”  on  page  26. 
 
©  Lenovo  2005.  Portions  ©  IBM  Corp.  2005.  1

--- Page 8 ---
2  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 9 ---
Introduction 
Important  service  information 
 
Important 
BIOS  and  device  driver  fixes  are 
customer-installable.  The  BIOS  and  device  drivers 
are  posted  on  the  customer  support  site 
http://www.lenovo.com/think/  support 
Advise  customers  to  contact  the  Customer  Support 
Center  at  800-426-7378  if  they  need  assistance  in 
obtaining  or  installing  any  diskette  fixes. 
Customers  in  Canada  should  call  the  Customer 
Support  Center  at  800-565-3344  for  assistance  or 
download  information. 
Strategy  for  replacing  FRUs 
 
 
Before  replacing  parts 
Make  sure  that  all  diskette  fixes  are  installed  before 
replacing  any  FRUs  listed  in  this  manual.
 Use  the  following  strategy  to  prevent  unnecessary  expense 
for  replacing  and  servicing  FRUs: 
v    If  you  are  instructed  to  replace  a  FRU  but  the 
replacement  does  not  correct  the  problem,  reinstall 
the  original  FRU  before  you  continue. 
v    Some  computers  have  both  a  processor  board  and  a 
system  board.  If  you  are  instructed  to  replace  either  the 
processor  board  or  the  system  board,  and  replacing  one 
of  them  does  not  correct  the  problem,  reinstall  that 
board,  and  then  replace  the  other  one. 
v    If  an  adapter  or  a  device  consists  of  more  than  one 
FRU,  any  of  the  FRUs  may  be  the  cause  of  the  error. 
Before  replacing  the  adapter  or  device,  remove  the 
FRUs,  one  by  one,  to  see  if  the  symptoms  change. 
Replace  only  the  FRU  that  changed  the  symptoms. 
Attention:   The  setup  configuration  on  the  computer  you 
are  servicing  may  have  been  customized.  Running 
Automatic  Configuration  may  alter  the  settings.  Note  the 
current  configuration  settings  (using  the  View  Configuration 
option);  then,  when  service  has  been  completed,  verify  that 
those  settings  remain  in  effect.
 
©  Lenovo  2005.  Portions  ©  IBM  Corp.  2005.  3

--- Page 10 ---
Strategy  for  replacing  a  hard  disk  drive 
Always  try  to  run  a  low-level  format  before  replacing  a  hard 
disk  drive. 
 
Attention:   The  drive  startup  sequence  in  the  computer 
you  are  servicing  may  have  been  changed.  Be  extremely 
careful  during  write  operations  such  as  copying,  saving,  or 
formatting.  If  you  select  an  incorrect  drive,  data  or 
programs  can  be  overwritten. 
How  to  use  error  messages 
Use  the  error  codes  displayed  on  the  screen  to  diagnose 
failures.  If  more  than  one  error  code  is  displayed,  begin  the 
diagnosis  with  the  first  error  code.  Whatever  causes  the 
first  error  code  may  also  cause  false  error  codes.  If  no 
error  code  is  displayed,  see  whether  the  error  symptom  is 
listed  in  the  Symptom-to-FRU  Index  for  the  computer  you 
are  servicing. 
Strategy  for  replacing  FRUs  for  CTO, 
CMV,  and  GAV 
Product  definition 
Dynamic  Configure  To  Order  (CTO)
This  provides  the  ability  for  a  customer  to  configure  an 
IBM
®
 
solution  from  an  eSite,  and  have  this  configuration 
sent  to  fulfillment,  where  it  is  built  and  shipped  directly  to 
the  customer.  The  machine  label,  PC  Entitlement 
Warehouse  (PEW),  eSupport,  and  the  HMM  will  load  these 
products  as  the  4-digit  MT  and  3-digit  model,  where  model 
=  “CTO”  (Example:  1829-CTO). 
Custom  Model  Variant  (CMV)
This  is  a  unique  configuration  that  has  been  negotiated 
between  IBM  and  the  customer.  A  unique  4-digit  MT  and 
3-digit  model  is  provided  to  the  customer  to  place  orders 
(Example:  1829-W15).  A  CMV  is  a  special  bid  offering. 
Therefore,  it  is  NOT  generally  announced. 
v    The  MTM  portion  of  the  machine  label  is  the  4-digit  MT 
and  3-digit  model,  where  model  =  “CTO”  (Example: 
1829-CTO).  The  PRODUCT  ID  portion  of  the  machine 
label  is  the  4-digit  MT  and  3-digit  CMV  model  (Example: 
1829-W15). 
v    The  PEW  record  is  the  4-digit  MT  and  3-digit  model, 
where  model  =  “CTO”  (Example:  1829-CTO). 
v    eSupport  will  show  both  the  CTO  and  CMV  machine 
type  models  (Example:  1829-CTO  and  1829-W15  will  be 
found  on  the  eSupport  site.) 
Important  service  information  
4  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 11 ---
v    The  HMM  will  have  the  4-digit  MT  and  3-digit  CTO 
model  only  (Example:  1829-CTO).  Again,  CMVs  are 
custom  models  and  are  not  found  in  the  HMM.
General  Announce  Variant  (GAV)
This
  is  a  standard  model  (fixed  configuration).  GAVs  are 
announced  and  offered  to  all  customers.  The  MTM  portion 
of  the  machine  label  is  a  4-digit  MT  and  3-digit  model, 
where  model  =  a  “fixed  part  number”,  not  “CTO”  (Example: 
1829-F1U).  Also,  PEW,  eSupport,  and  the  HMM  will  list 
these  products  under  the  same  fixed  model  number. 
FRU  identification  for  CTO,  CMV,  and 
GAV  products 
There  are  three  information  resources  to  identify  which 
FRUs  are  used  to  support  CTO,  CMV,  and  GAV  products. 
These  sources  are  PEW,  eSupport,  and  the  HMM. 
Using  PEW 
v    PEW  is  the  primary  source  for  identifying  FRU  part 
numbers  and  FRU  descriptions  for  the  key  commodities 
for  CTO,  CMV  and  GAV  products  at  a  MT  -  serial 
number  level.  An  example  of  key  commodities  are  hard 
disk  drives,  system  boards,  microprocessors,  Liquid 
Crystal  Displays  (LCDs),  and  memory. 
v    Remember,  All  CTO  and  CMV  products  are  loaded  in 
PEW  under  the  4-digit  MT  and  3-digit  model,  where 
model  =  “CTO”  (Example:  1829-CTO).  GAVs  are  loaded 
in  PEW  under  the  4-digit  MT  and  3-digit  model,  where 
model  =  a  “fixed  part  number”,  not  “CTO”  (Example: 
1829-F1U). 
v    PEW  can  be  accessed  at  the  following  Web  site: 
http://w3-3.ibm.com/pc/entitle 
Click  on  MACHINE  LOOKUP,  followed  by  WARRANTY 
INFORMATION.  Input  the  MT  and  the  Serial  number 
and  the  list  of  key  commodities  will  be  returned  in  the 
PEW  record  under  COMPONENT  INFORMATION. 
v    Business  Partners  using  Eclaim  will  access  PEW  when 
performing  Entitlement  Lookup.  Business  Partners  will 
enter  Loc  ID,  MT  and  Serial,  and  the  key  commodities 
will  be  returned  in  the  Eclaim  record  under  SYSTEM 
DETAILS. 
v    Authorized  IBM  Business  Partners  can  access  Eclaim  at 
the  following  Web  site:  https://wca.eclaim.com
Using  eSupport 
For  Key  Commodities  (Examples  -  hard  disk  drive, 
system  board,  microprocessor,  LCD,  and  memory) 
Important  service  information 
Introduction  5

--- Page 12 ---
v    eSupport  can  be  used  to  view  the  list  of  key 
commodities  built  in  a  particular  machine  serial  (this  is 
the  same  record  found  in  PEW). 
v    eSupport  can  be  accessed  at  the  following  Web  site: 
http://www.lenovo.com/think/  support 
v    To  view  the  key  commodities,  click  on  PARTS 
INFORMATION,  then  PARTS  LOOKUP.  Type  in  the 
model  type  and  serial  number.  The  key  commodities  will 
be  returned  in  the  eSupport  record  under  PARTS 
SHIPPED  WITH  YOUR  SYSTEM. 
For  the  Remaining  FRUs  (the  complete  list  of  FRUs  at 
the  MT  Model  level) 
v    eSupport  can  be  used  to  view  the  complete  list  of  FRUs 
for  a  machine  type  and  model. 
v    To  view  the  complete  list  of  FRUs,  type  in  the  machine 
type  and  model  (Example:  1829-CTO)  under  QUICK 
PATH.  Under  “View  by  Document  Type”  select  PARTS 
INFORMATION.  Under  “Filter  by  Category”  select 
SERVICE  PARTS.  Under  “Parts  Information  by  Date” 
select  SYSTEM  SERVICE  PARTS.  The  list  of  service 
parts  by  description,  with  applicable  machine  type  model 
and  FRU  will  be  displayed.
Using  the  HMM 
Use  the  HMM  as  a  back-up  to  PEW  and  eSupport  to  view 
the  complete  list  of  FRUs  at  the  MT  Model  level. 
Important  service  information  
6  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 13 ---
Important  information  about  replacing 
RoHS  compliant  FRUs 
RoHS,  The  Restriction  of  Hazardous  Substances  in 
Electrical  and  Electronic  Equipment  Directive 
(2002/95/EC)  is  a  European  Union  legal  requirement 
affecting  the  global  electronics  industry.  RoHS 
requirements  must  be  implemented  on  Lenovo 
products  placed  on  the  market  after  June  2006. 
Products  on  the  market  before  June  2006  are  not 
required  to  have  RoHS  compliant  parts.  So,  if  the 
original  FRU  parts  are  non  compliant,  replacement 
parts  can  also  be  non  compliant.  In  all  cases  if  the 
original  FRU  parts  are  RoHS  compliant  the 
replacement  part  must  also  be  RoHS  compliant. 
Lenovo  plans  to  transition  to  RoHS  compliance  well  before 
the  implementation  date  and  expects  its  suppliers  to  be 
ready  to  support  Lenovo's  requirements  and  schedule. 
Products  sold  in  2005,  will  contain  some  RoHS  compliant 
FRUs.  The  following  statement  pertains  to  these  products 
and  any  product  Lenovo  produces  containing  RoHS 
compliant  FRUs. 
RoHS  compliant  FRUs  have  unique  FRU  part  numbers. 
Before  or  after  the  RoHS  implementation  date,  failed  RoHS 
compliant  parts  must  always  be  replaced  using  RoHS 
compliant  FRUs,  so  only  the  FRUs  identified  as  compliant 
in  the  system  HMM  or  direct  substitutions  for  those  FRUs 
may  be  used. 
Important  service  information 
Introduction  7

--- Page 14 ---
Products  marketed  before 
June  2006 
Products  marketed  after  June 
2006 
Current  or 
original  part 
Replacement 
FRU 
Current  or 
original  part 
Replacement 
FRU 
Non-RoHS  Can  be 
Non-RoHS 
Must  be  RoHS  Must  be  RoHS 
Non-RoHS  Can  be  RoHS 
Non-RoHS  Can  sub  to 
RoHS 
RoHS  Must  be  RoHS
  
Note:   A  direct  substitution  is  a  part  with  a  different  FRU 
part  number  that  is  automatically  shipped  by  the 
distribution  center  at  the  time  of  the  order. 
Related  web  URLs  are: 
v    IBM  Information  for  Suppliers  website:
http://www-03.ibm.com/procurement/proweb.nsf/ 
ContentDocsByTitle/United+States~Information+for 
+suppliers 
v    RoHS  Directive:
http://europa.eu.int/eur-lex/pri/en/oj/dat/2003/ 
l_037/l_03720030213en00190023.pdf 
v    California  Senate  Bills  20,  50:
http://www.ciwmb.ca.gov/HHW/Events/AnnualConf/
 
2004/Presentation/MPaparian.pdf
Diskette  compatibility  matrix 
The  compatibility  of  each  of  the  drives  with  the  diskettes 
for  it  is  as  follows: 
 
Diskette
drive
 
Diskette
capacity
 
Compatibility 
3.5-inch  1.0  MB  Read  and  write 
2.0  MB  Read  and  write 
4.0  MB  Not  compatible
  
Safety  notices:  multilingual  translations 
In  this  manual,  safety  notices  appear  in  English  with  a 
page  number  reference  to  the  appropriate  multilingual, 
translated  safety  notice  found  in  this  section. 
The  following  safety  notices  are  provided  in  English, 
French,  German,  Hebrew,  Italian,  and  Spanish. 
Important  service  information  
8  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 15 ---
Safety  notice  1 
 
  
Before  the  computer  is  powered  on  after  FRU 
replacement,  make  sure  all  screws,  springs,  and  other 
small  parts  are  in  place  and  are  not  left  loose  inside 
the  computer.  Verify  this  by  shaking  the  computer  and 
listening  for  rattling  sounds.  Metallic  parts  or  metal 
flakes  can  cause  electrical  shorts. 
Avant  de  remettre  l’ordinateur  sous  tension  après 
remplacement  d’une  unité  en  clientèle,  vérifiez  que 
tous  les  ressorts,  vis  et  autres  pièces  sont  bien  en 
place  et  bien  fixées.  Pour  ce  faire,  secouez  l’unité  et 
assurez-vous  qu’aucun  bruit  suspect  ne  se  produit.  Des 
pièces  métalliques  ou  des  copeaux  de  métal  pourraient 
causer  un  court-circuit. 
Bevor  nach  einem  FRU-Austausch  der  Computer 
wieder  angeschlossen  wird,  muß  sichergestellt  werden, 
daß  keine  Schrauben,  Federn  oder  andere  Kleinteile 
fehlen  oder  im  Gehäuse  vergessen  wurden.  Der 
Computer  muß  geschüttelt  und  auf  Klappergeräusche 
geprüft  werden.  Metallteile  oder-splitter  können 
Kurzschlüsse  erzeugen. 
  
Prima  di  accendere  l’elaboratore  dopo  che  é  stata 
effettuata  la  sostituzione  di  una  FRU,  accertarsi  che 
tutte  le  viti,  le  molle  e  tutte  le  altri  parti  di  piccole 
dimensioni  siano  nella  corretta  posizione  e  non  siano 
sparse  all’interno  dell’elaboratore.  Verificare  ciò 
scuotendo  l’elaboratore  e  prestando  attenzione  ad 
eventuali  rumori;  eventuali  parti  o  pezzetti  metallici 
possono  provocare  cortocircuiti  pericolosi. 
Antes  de  encender  el  sistema  despues  de  sustituir  una 
FRU,  compruebe  que  todos  los  tornillos,  muelles  y 
demás  piezas  pequeñas  se  encuentran  en  su  sitio  y  no 
se  encuentran  sueltas  dentro  del  sistema. 
Compruébelo  agitando  el  sistema  y  escuchando  los 
posibles  ruidos  que  provocarían.  Las  piezas  metálicas 
pueden  causar  cortocircuitos  eléctricos. 
Safety  notices 
Introduction  9

--- Page 16 ---
Safety  notice  2 
DANGER
  
 
 
 
Some  standby  batteries  contain  a  small  amount  of 
nickel  and  cadmium.  Do  not  disassemble  a  standby 
battery,  recharge  it,  throw  it  into  fire  or  water,  or 
short-circuit  it.  Dispose  of  the  battery  as  required 
by  local  ordinances  or  regulations.  Use  only  the 
battery  in  the  appropriate  parts  listing.  Use  of  an 
incorrect  battery  can  result  in  ignition  or  explosion 
of  the  battery. 
Certaines  batteries  de  secours  contiennent  du 
nickel  et  du  cadmium.  Ne  les  démontez  pas,  ne  les 
rechargez  pas,  ne  les  exposez  ni  au  feu  ni  à  l’eau. 
Ne  les  mettez  pas  en  court-circuit.  Pour  les  mettre 
au  rebut,  conformez-vous  à  la  réglementation  en 
vigueur.  Lorsque  vous  remplacez  la  pile  de 
sauvegarde  ou  celle  de  l’horloge  temps  réel,  veillez 
à  n’utiliser  que  les  modèles  cités  dans  la  liste  de 
pièces  détachées  adéquate.  Une  batterie  ou  une 
pile  inappropriée  risque  de  prendre  feu  ou 
d’exploser. 
Die  Bereitschaftsbatterie,  die  sich  unter  dem 
Diskettenlaufwerk  befindet,  kann  geringe  Mengen 
Nickel  und  Cadmium  enthalten.  Sie  darf  nur  durch 
die  Verkaufsstelle  oder  den  IBM  Kundendienst 
ausgetauscht  werden.  Sie  darf  nicht  zerlegt, 
wiederaufgeladen,  kurzgeschlossen,  oder  Feuer 
oder  Wasser  ausgesetzt  werden.  Die  Batterie  kann 
schwere  Verbrennungen  oder  Verätzungen 
verursachen.  Bei  der  Entsorgung  die  örtlichen 
Bestimmungen  für  Sondermüll  beachten.  Beim 
Ersetzen  der  Bereitschafts-oder  Systembatterie  nur 
Batterien  des  Typs  verwenden,  der  in  der 
Ersatzteilliste  aufgeführt  ist.  Der  Einsatz  falscher 
Batterien  kann  zu  Entzündung  oder  Explosion 
führen. 
(continued) 
Safety  notices  
10  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 17 ---
(continuation  of  safety  notice  2) 
  
Alcune  batterie  di  riserva  contengono  una  piccola 
quantità  di  nichel  e  cadmio.  Non  smontarle, 
ricaricarle,  gettarle  nel  fuoco  o  nell’acqua  né 
cortocircuitarle.  Smaltirle  secondo  la  normativa  in 
vigore  (DPR  915/82,  successive  disposizioni  e 
disposizioni  locali).  Quando  si  sostituisce  la 
batteria  dell’RTC  (real  time  clock)  o  la  batteria  di 
supporto,  utilizzare  soltanto  i  tipi  inseriti 
nell’appropriato  Catalogo  parti.  L’impiego  di  una 
batteria  non  adatta  potrebbe  determinare  l’incendio 
o  l’esplosione  della  batteria  stessa. 
Algunas  baterías  de  reserva  contienen  una 
pequeña  cantidad  de  níquel  y  cadmio.  No  las 
desmonte,  ni  recargue,  ni  las  eche  al  fuego  o  al 
agua  ni  las  cortocircuite.  Deséchelas  tal  como 
dispone  la  normativa  local.  Utilice  sólo  baterías  que 
se  encuentren  en  la  lista  de  piezas.  La  utilización 
de  una  batería  no  apropiada  puede  provocar  la 
ignición  o  explosión  de  la  misma. 
Safety  notices 
Introduction  11

--- Page 18 ---
Safety  notice  3 
DANGER
  
 
 
 
The  battery  pack  contains  small  amounts  of  nickel. 
Do  not  disassemble  it,  throw  it  into  fire  or  water,  or 
short-circuit  it.  Dispose  of  the  battery  pack  as 
required  by  local  ordinances  or  regulations.  Use 
only  the  battery  in  the  appropriate  parts  listing 
when  replacing  the  battery  pack.  Use  of  an 
incorrect  battery  can  result  in  ignition  or  explosion 
of  the  battery. 
La  batterie  contient  du  nickel.  Ne  la  démontez  pas, 
ne  l’exposez  ni  au  feu  ni  à  l’eau.  Ne  la  mettez  pas 
en  court-circuit.  Pour  la  mettre  au  rebut, 
conformez-vous  à  la  réglementation  en  vigueur. 
Lorsque  vous  remplacez  la  batterie,  veillez  à 
n’utiliser  que  les  modèles  cités  dans  la  liste  de 
pièces  détachées  adéquate.  En  effet,  une  batterie 
inappropriée  risque  de  prendre  feu  ou  d’exploser. 
Akkus  enthalten  geringe  Mengen  von  Nickel.  Sie 
dürfen  nicht  zerlegt,  wiederaufgeladen, 
kurzgeschlossen,  oder  Feuer  oder  Wasser 
ausgesetzt  werden.  Bei  der  Entsorgung  die 
örtlichen  Bestimmungen  für  Sondermüll  beachten. 
Beim  Ersetzen  der  Batterie  nur  Batterien  des  Typs 
verwenden,  der  in  der  Ersatzteilliste  aufgeführt  ist. 
Der  Einsatz  falscher  Batterien  kann  zu  Entzündung 
oder  Explosion  führen. 
  
(continued) 
Safety  notices  
12  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 19 ---
(continuation  of  safety  notice  3) 
La  batteria  contiene  piccole  quantità  di  nichel.  Non 
smontarla,  gettarla  nel  fuoco  o  nell’acqua  né 
cortocircuitarla.  Smaltirla  secondo  la  normativa  in 
vigore  (DPR  915/82,  successive  disposizioni  e 
disposizioni  locali).  Quando  si  sostituisce  la 
batteria,  utilizzare  soltanto  i  tipi  inseriti 
nell’appropriato  Catalogo  parti.  L’impiego  di  una 
batteria  non  adatta  potrebbe  determinare  l’incendio 
o  l’esplosione  della  batteria  stessa. 
Las  baterías  contienen  pequeñas  cantidades  de 
níquel.  No  las  desmonte,  ni  recargue,  ni  las  eche  al 
fuego  o  al  agua  ni  las  cortocircuite.  Deséchelas  tal 
como  dispone  la  normativa  local.  Utilice  sólo 
baterías  que  se  encuentren  en  la  lista  de  piezas  al 
sustituir  la  batería.  La  utilización  de  una  batería  no 
apropiada  puede  provocar  la  ignición  o  explosión 
de  la  misma. 
Safety  notices 
Introduction  13

--- Page 20 ---
Safety  notice  4 
DANGER
  
 
 
 
The  lithium  battery  can  cause  a  fire,  an  explosion, 
or  a  severe  burn.  Do  not  recharge  it,  remove  its 
polarized  connector,  disassemble  it,  heat  it  above 
100°C  (212°F),  incinerate  it,  or  expose  its  cell 
contents  to  water.  Dispose  of  the  battery  as 
required  by  local  ordinances  or  regulations.  Use 
only  the  battery  in  the  appropriate  parts  listing.  Use 
of  an  incorrect  battery  can  result  in  ignition  or 
explosion  of  the  battery. 
La  pile  de  sauvegarde  contient  du  lithium.  Elle 
présente  des  risques  d’incendie,  d’explosion  ou  de 
brûlures  graves.  Ne  la  rechargez  pas,  ne  retirez  pas 
son  connecteur  polarisé  et  ne  la  démontez  pas.  Ne 
l’exposez  pas  à  une  temperature  supérieure  à 
100°C,  ne  la  faites  pas  brûler  et  n’en  exposez  pas 
le  contenu  à  l’eau.  Mettez  la  pile  au  rebut 
conformément  à  la  réglementation  en  vigueur.  Une 
pile  inappropriée  risque  de  prendre  feu  ou 
d’exploser. 
Die  Systembatterie  ist  eine  Lithiumbatterie.  Sie 
kann  sich  entzünden,  explodieren  oder  schwere 
Verbrennungen  hervorrufen.  Batterien  dieses  Typs 
dürfen  nicht  aufgeladen,  zerlegt,  über  100  C  erhitzt 
oder  verbrannt  werden.  Auch  darf  ihr  Inhalt  nicht 
mit  Wasser  in  Verbindung  gebracht  oder  der  zur 
richtigen  Polung  angebrachte  Verbindungsstecker 
entfernt  werden.  Bei  der  Entsorgung  die  örtlichen 
Bestimmungen  für  Sondermüll  beachten.  Beim 
Ersetzen  der  Batterie  nur  Batterien  des  Typs 
verwenden,  der  in  der  Ersatzteilliste  aufgeführt  ist. 
Der  Einsatz  falscher  Batterien  kann  zu  Entzündung 
oder  Explosion  führen. 
(continued) 
Safety  notices  
14  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 21 ---
(continuation  of  safety  notice  4) 
  
La  batteria  di  supporto  e  una  batteria  al  litio  e  puo 
incendiarsi,  esplodere  o  procurare  gravi  ustioni. 
Evitare  di  ricaricarla,  smontarne  il  connettore 
polarizzato,  smontarla,  riscaldarla  ad  una 
temperatura  superiore  ai  100  gradi  centigradi, 
incendiarla  o  gettarla  in  acqua.  Smaltirla  secondo 
la  normativa  in  vigore  (DPR  915/82,  successive 
disposizioni  e  disposizioni  locali).  L’impiego  di  una 
batteria  non  adatta  potrebbe  determinare  l’incendio 
o  l’esplosione  della  batteria  stessa. 
La  batería  de  repuesto  es  una  batería  de  litio  y 
puede  provocar  incendios,  explosiones  o 
quemaduras  graves.  No  la  recargue,  ni  quite  el 
conector  polarizado,  ni  la  desmonte,  ni  caliente  por 
encima  de  los  100°C  (212°F),  ni  la  incinere  ni 
exponga  el  contenido  de  sus  celdas  al  agua. 
Deséchela  tal  como  dispone  la  normativa  local. 
Safety  notices 
Introduction  15

--- Page 22 ---
Safety  notice  5 
 
  
If  the  LCD  breaks  and  the  fluid  from  inside  the  LCD 
gets  into  your  eyes  or  on  your  hands,  immediately 
wash  the  affected  areas  with  water  for  at  least  15 
minutes.  Seek  medical  care  if  any  symptoms  from  the 
fluid  are  present  after  washing. 
Si  le  panneau  d’affichage  à  cristaux  liquides  se  brise  et 
que  vous  recevez  dans  les  yeux  ou  sur  les  mains  une 
partie  du  fluide,  rincez-les  abondamment  pendant  au 
moins  quinze  minutes.  Consultez  un  médecin  si  des 
symptômes  persistent  après  le  lavage. 
Die  Leuchtstoffröhre  im  LCD-Bildschirm  enthält 
Quecksilber.  Bei  der  Entsorgung  die  örtlichen 
Bestimmungen  für  Sondermüll  beachten.  Der 
LCD-Bildschirm  besteht  aus  Glas  und  kann  zerbrechen, 
wenn  er  unsachgemäß  behandelt  wird  oder  der 
Computer  auf  den  Boden  fällt.  Wenn  der  Bildschirm 
beschädigt  ist  und  die  darin  befindliche  Flüssigkeit  in 
Kontakt  mit  Haut  und  Augen  gerät,  sollten  die 
betroffenen  Stellen  mindestens  15  Minuten  mit  Wasser 
abgespült  und  bei  Beschwerden  anschließend  ein  Arzt 
aufgesucht  werden. 
  
Nel  caso  che  caso  l’LCD  si  dovesse  rompere  ed  il 
liquido  in  esso  contenuto  entrasse  in  contatto  con  gli 
occhi  o  le  mani,  lavare  immediatamente  le  parti 
interessate  con  acqua  corrente  per  almeno  15  minuti; 
poi  consultare  un  medico  se  i  sintomi  dovessero 
permanere. 
Si  la  LCD  se  rompe  y  el  fluido  de  su  interior  entra  en 
contacto  con  sus  ojos  o  sus  manos,  lave 
inmediatamente  las  áreas  afectadas  con  agua  durante 
15  minutos  como  mínimo.  Obtenga  atención  medica  si 
se  presenta  algún  síntoma  del  fluido  despues  de 
lavarse. 
Safety  notices  
16  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 23 ---
Safety  notice  6 
DANGER
  
 
 
  
To  avoid  shock,  do  not  remove  the  plastic  cover 
that  protects  the  lower  part  of  the  inverter  card. 
Afin  d’éviter  tout  risque  de  choc  électrique,  ne 
retirez  pas  le  cache  en  plastique  protégeant  la 
partie  inférieure  de  la  carte  d’alimentation. 
Aus  Sicherheitsgründen  die  Kunststoffabdeckung, 
die  den  unteren  Teil  der  Spannungswandlerplatine 
umgibt,  nicht  entfernen. 
  
Per  evitare  scosse  elettriche,  non  rimuovere  la 
copertura  in  plastica  che  avvolge  la  parte  inferiore 
della  scheda  invertitore. 
Para  evitar  descargas,  no  quite  la  cubierta  de 
plástico  que  rodea  la  parte  baja  de  la  tarjeta 
invertida. 
Safety  notices 
Introduction  17

--- Page 24 ---
Safety  notice  7 
DANGER
  
 
 
  
Though  the  main  batteries  have  low  voltage,  a 
shorted  or  grounded  battery  can  produce  enough 
current  to  burn  personnel  or  combustible  materials. 
Bien  que  le  voltage  des  batteries  principales  soit 
peu  élevé,  le  court-circuit  ou  la  mise  à  la  masse 
d’une  batterie  peut  produire  suffisamment  de 
courant  pour  brûler  des  matériaux  combustibles  ou 
causer  des  brûlures  corporelles  graves. 
Obwohl  Hauptbatterien  eine  niedrige  Spannung 
haben,  können  sie  doch  bei  Kurzschluß  oder 
Erdung  genug  Strom  abgeben,  um  brennbare 
Materialien  zu  entzünden  oder  Verletzungen  bei 
Personen  hervorzurufen. 
  
Sebbene  le  batterie  di  alimentazione  siano  a  basso 
voltaggio,  una  batteria  in  corto  circuito  o  a  massa 
può  fornire  corrente  sufficiente  da  bruciare 
materiali  combustibili  o  provocare  ustioni  ai  tecnici 
di  manutenzione. 
Aunque  las  baterías  principales  tienen  un  voltaje 
bajo,  una  batería  cortocircuitada  o  con  contacto  a 
tierra  puede  producir  la  corriente  suficiente  como 
para  quemar  material  combustible  o  provocar 
quemaduras  en  el  personal. 
Safety  notices  
18  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 25 ---
Safety  notice  8 
DANGER
  
 
 
 
Before  removing  any  FRU,  power  off  the  computer, 
unplug  all  power  cords  from  electrical  outlets, 
remove  the  battery  pack,  and  then  disconnect  any 
interconnecting  cables. 
Avant  de  retirer  une  unité  remplaçable  en  clientèle, 
mettez  le  système  hors  tension,  débranchez  tous 
les  cordons  d’alimentation  des  socles  de  prise  de 
courant,  retirez  la  batterie  et  déconnectez  tous  les 
cordons  d’interface. 
Die  Stromzufuhr  muß  abgeschaltet,  alle  Stromkabel 
aus  der  Steckdose  gezogen,  der  Akku  entfernt  und 
alle  Verbindungskabel  abgenommen  sein,  bevor 
eine  FRU  entfernt  wird. 
  
Prima  di  rimuovere  qualsiasi  FRU,  spegnere  il 
sistema,  scollegare  dalle  prese  elettriche  tutti  i  cavi 
di  alimentazione,  rimuovere  la  batteria  e  poi 
scollegare  i  cavi  di  interconnessione. 
Antes  de  quitar  una  FRU,  apague  el  sistema, 
desenchufe  todos  los  cables  de  las  tomas  de 
corriente  eléctrica,  quite  la  batería  y,  a 
continuación,  desconecte  cualquier  cable  de 
conexión  entre  dispositivos. 
Safety  notices 
Introduction  19

--- Page 26 ---
Safety  information 
The  following  section  presents  safety  information  with 
which  you  need  to  be  familiar  before  you  service  a 
ThinkPad  computer. 
General  safety 
Follow  these  rules  to  ensure  general  safety: 
v    Observe  good  housekeeping  in  the  area  of  the 
machines  during  and  after  maintenance. 
v    When  lifting  any  heavy  object: 
1.    Make  sure  that  you  can  stand  safely  without 
slipping. 
2.    Distribute  the  weight  of  the  object  equally  between 
your  feet. 
3.    Use  a  slow  lifting  force.  Never  move  suddenly  or 
twist  when  you  attempt  to  lift. 
4.    Lift  by  standing  or  by  pushing  up  with  your  leg 
muscles;  this  action  removes  the  strain  from  the 
muscles  in  your  back.  Do  not  attempt  to  lift  any 
object  that  weighs  more  than  16  kg  (35  lb)  or  that 
you  think  is  too  heavy  for  you.
v    Do  not  perform  any  action  that  causes  hazards  to  the 
customer,  or  that  makes  the  equipment  unsafe. 
v    Before  you  start  the  machine,  make  sure  that  other 
service  representatives  and  the  customer’s  personnel 
are  not  in  a  hazardous  position. 
v    Place  removed  covers  and  other  parts  in  a  safe  place, 
away  from  all  personnel,  while  you  are  servicing  the 
machine. 
v    Keep  your  toolcase  away  from  walk  areas  so  that  other 
people  will  not  trip  over  it. 
v    Do  not  wear  loose  clothing  that  can  be  trapped  in  the 
moving  parts  of  a  machine.  Make  sure  that  your  sleeves 
are  fastened  or  rolled  up  above  your  elbows.  If  your  hair 
is  long,  fasten  it. 
v    Insert  the  ends  of  your  necktie  or  scarf  inside  clothing  or 
fasten  it  with  a  nonconductive  clip,  about  8  centimeters 
(3  inches)  from  the  end. 
v    Do  not  wear  jewelry,  chains,  metal-frame  eyeglasses,  or 
metal  fasteners  for  your  clothing. 
 
Attention:   Metal  objects  are  good  electrical 
conductors. 
v    Wear  safety  glasses  when  you  are  hammering,  drilling, 
soldering,  cutting  wire,  attaching  springs,  using  solvents, 
or  working  in  any  other  conditions  that  might  be 
hazardous  to  your  eyes. 
Safety  information  
20  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 27 ---
v    After  service,  reinstall  all  safety  shields,  guards,  labels, 
and  ground  wires.  Replace  any  safety  device  that  is 
worn  or  defective. 
v    Reinstall  all  covers  correctly  before  returning  the 
machine  to  the  customer. 
v    Fan  louvers  on  the  machine  help  to  prevent  overheating 
of  internal  components.  Do  not  obstruct  fan  louvers  or 
cover  them  with  labels  or  stickers.
 
 
WARNING 
Handling  the  cord  on  this  product  or  cords 
associated  with  accessories  sold  with  this  product 
will  expose  you  to  lead,  a  chemical  known  to  the 
State  of  California  to  cause  cancer,  and  birth  defects 
or  other  reproductive  harm.  Wash  hands  after 
handling.
Electrical  safety 
Observe  the  following  rules  when  working  on  electrical 
equipment. 
 
 
Important 
Use  only  approved  tools  and  test  equipment.  Some 
hand  tools  have  handles  covered  with  a  soft 
material  that  does  not  insulate  you  when  working 
with  live  electrical  currents. 
Many  customers  have,  near  their  equipment,  rubber 
floor  mats  that  contain  small  conductive  fibers  to 
decrease  electrostatic  discharges.  Do  not  use  this 
type  of  mat  to  protect  yourself  from  electrical  shock. 
v    Find  the  room  emergency  power-off  (EPO)  switch, 
disconnecting  switch,  or  electrical  outlet.  If  an  electrical 
accident  occurs,  you  can  then  operate  the  switch  or 
unplug  the  power  cord  quickly. 
v    Do  not  work  alone  under  hazardous  conditions  or  near 
equipment  that  has  hazardous  voltages. 
v    Disconnect  all  power  before: 
–    Performing  a  mechanical  inspection 
–    Working  near  power  supplies 
–    Removing  or  installing  main  units
v
    Before  you  start  to  work  on  the  machine,  unplug  the 
power  cord.  If  you  cannot  unplug  it,  ask  the  customer  to 
power-off  the  wall  box  that  supplies  power  to  the 
machine,  and  to  lock  the  wall  box  in  the  off  position. 
v    If  you  need  to  work  on  a  machine  that  has  exposed 
electrical  circuits,  observe  the  following  precautions: 
Safety  information 
Introduction  21

--- Page 28 ---
–    Ensure  that  another  person,  familiar  with  the 
power-off  controls,  is  near  you. 
 
Attention:   Another  person  must  be  there  to  switch 
off  the  power,  if  necessary. 
–    Use  only  one  hand  when  working  with  powered-on 
electrical  equipment;  keep  the  other  hand  in  your 
pocket  or  behind  your  back. 
 
Attention:   An  electrical  shock  can  occur  only  when 
there  is  a  complete  circuit.  By  observing  the  above 
rule,  you  may  prevent  a  current  from  passing  through 
your  body. 
–    When  using  testers,  set  the  controls  correctly  and 
use  the  approved  probe  leads  and  accessories  for 
that  tester. 
–    Stand  on  suitable  rubber  mats  (obtained  locally,  if 
necessary)  to  insulate  you  from  grounds  such  as 
metal  floor  strips  and  machine  frames.
Observe  the  special  safety  precautions  when  you  work 
with  very  high  voltages;  Instructions  for  these 
precautions  are  in  the  safety  sections  of  maintenance 
information.  Use  extreme  care  when  measuring  high 
voltages. 
v    Regularly  inspect  and  maintain  your  electrical  hand  tools 
for  safe  operational  condition. 
v    Do  not  use  worn  or  broken  tools  and  testers. 
v    Never  assume  that  power  has  been  disconnected  from 
a  circuit.  First,  check  that  it  has  been  powered  off. 
v    Always  look  carefully  for  possible  hazards  in  your  work 
area.  Examples  of  these  hazards  are  moist  floors, 
nongrounded  power  extension  cables,  power  surges, 
and  missing  safety  grounds. 
v    Do  not  touch  live  electrical  circuits  with  the  reflective 
surface  of  a  plastic  dental  mirror.  The  surface  is 
conductive;  such  touching  can  cause  personal  injury  and 
machine  damage. 
v    Do  not  service  the  following  parts  with  the  power  on 
when  they  are  removed  from  their  normal  operating 
places  in  a  machine: 
–    Power  supply  units 
–    Pumps 
–    Blowers  and  fans 
–    Motor  generators
and
  similar  units.  (This  practice  ensures  correct 
grounding  of  the  units.) 
v    If  an  electrical  accident  occurs: 
–    Use  caution;  do  not  become  a  victim  yourself. 
–    Switch  off  power. 
–    Send  another  person  to  get  medical  aid.
Safety  information  
22  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 29 ---
Safety  inspection  guide 
The  purpose  of  this  inspection  guide  is  to  assist  you  in 
identifying  potentially  unsafe  conditions.  As  each  machine 
was  designed  and  built,  required  safety  items  were 
installed  to  protect  users  and  service  personnel  from  injury. 
This  guide  addresses  only  those  items.  You  should  use 
good  judgment  to  identify  potential  safety  hazards  due  to 
attachment  of  non-ThinkPad  features  or  options  not 
covered  by  this  inspection  guide. 
If  any  unsafe  conditions  are  present,  you  must  determine 
how  serious  the  apparent  hazard  could  be  and  whether 
you  can  continue  without  first  correcting  the  problem. 
Consider  these  conditions  and  the  safety  hazards  they 
present: 
v    Electrical  hazards,  especially  primary  power  (primary 
voltage  on  the  frame  can  cause  serious  or  fatal 
electrical  shock) 
v    Explosive  hazards,  such  as  a  damaged  CRT  face  or  a 
bulging  capacitor 
v    Mechanical  hazards,  such  as  loose  or  missing  hardware
To
  determine  whether  there  are  any  potentially  unsafe 
conditions,  use  the  following  checklist  at  the  beginning  of 
every  service  task.  Begin  the  checks  with  the  power  off, 
and  the  power  cord  disconnected. 
Checklist: 
1.    Check  exterior  covers  for  damage  (loose,  broken,  or 
sharp  edges). 
2.    Power  off  the  computer.  Disconnect  the  power  cord. 
3.    Check  the  power  cord  for: 
a.    A  third-wire  ground  connector  in  good  condition. 
Use  a  meter  to  measure  third-wire  ground 
continuity  for  0.1  ohm  or  less  between  the  external 
ground  pin  and  the  frame  ground. 
b.    The  power  cord  should  be  the  type  specified  in  the 
parts  list. 
c.    Insulation  must  not  be  frayed  or  worn.
4.
    Remove  the  cover. 
5.    Check  for  any  obvious  non-ThinkPad  alterations.  Use 
good  judgment  as  to  the  safety  of  any  non-ThinkPad 
alterations. 
6.    Check  inside  the  unit  for  any  obvious  unsafe 
conditions,  such  as  metal  filings,  contamination,  water 
or  other  liquids,  or  signs  of  fire  or  smoke  damage. 
7.    Check  for  worn,  frayed,  or  pinched  cables. 
Safety  information 
Introduction  23

--- Page 30 ---
8.    Check  that  the  power-supply  cover  fasteners  (screws 
or  rivets)  have  not  been  removed  or  tampered  with.
Handling  devices  that  are  sensitive  to 
electrostatic  discharge 
Any  computer  part  containing  transistors  or  integrated 
circuits  (ICs)  should  be  considered  sensitive  to  electrostatic 
discharge  (ESD.)  ESD  damage  can  occur  when  there  is  a 
difference  in  charge  between  objects.  Protect  against  ESD 
damage  by  equalizing  the  charge  so  that  the  machine,  the 
part,  the  work  mat,  and  the  person  handling  the  part  are  all 
at  the  same  charge. 
 
 
Notes 
1.    Use  product-specific  ESD  procedures  when  they 
exceed  the  requirements  noted  here. 
2.    Make  sure  that  the  ESD  protective  devices  you 
use  have  been  certified  (ISO  9000)  as  fully 
effective.
 When  handling  ESD-sensitive  parts: 
v    Keep  the  parts  in  protective  packages  until  they  are 
inserted  into  the  product. 
v    Avoid  contact  with  other  people. 
v    Wear  a  grounded  wrist  strap  against  your  skin  to 
eliminate  static  on  your  body. 
v    Prevent  the  part  from  touching  your  clothing.  Most 
clothing  is  insulative  and  retains  a  charge  even  when 
you  are  wearing  a  wrist  strap. 
v    Use  the  black  side  of  a  grounded  work  mat  to  provide  a 
static-free  work  surface.  The  mat  is  especially  useful 
when  handling  ESD-sensitive  devices. 
v    Select  a  grounding  system,  such  as  those  listed  below, 
to  provide  protection  that  meets  the  specific  service 
requirement. 
 
 
Note 
The  use  of  a  grounding  system  to  guard  against 
ESD  damage  is  desirable  but  not  necessary.
–    Attach  the  ESD  ground  clip  to  any  frame  ground, 
ground  braid,  or  green-wire  ground. 
–    When  working  on  a  double-insulated  or 
battery-operated  system,  use  an  ESD  common 
ground  or  reference  point.  You  can  use  coax  or 
connector-outside  shells  on  these  systems. 
Safety  information  
24  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 31 ---
–    Use  the  round  ground  prong  of  the  ac  plug  on 
ac-operated  computers.
Grounding  requirements 
Electrical  grounding  of  the  computer  is  required  for 
operator  safety  and  correct  system  function.  Proper 
grounding  of  the  electrical  outlet  can  be  verified  by  a 
certified  electrician. 
Safety  information 
Introduction  25

--- Page 32 ---
Laser  compliance  statement 
Some  models  of  ThinkPad  computer  are  equipped  from 
the  factory  with  an  optical  storage  device  such  as  a 
CD-ROM  drive  or  a  DVD-ROM  drive.  Such  devices  are 
also  sold  separately  as  options.  If  one  of  these  drives  is 
installed,  it  is  certified  in  the  U.S.  to  conform  to  the 
requirements  of  the  Department  of  Health  and  Human 
Services  21  Code  of  Federal  Regulations  (DHHS  21  CFR) 
Subchapter  J  for  Class  1  laser  products.  Elsewhere,  the 
drive  is  certified  to  conform  to  the  requirements  of  the 
International  Electrotechnical  Commission  (IEC)  825  and 
CENELEC  EN  60  825  for  Class  1  laser  products. 
Laser  compliance  statement  
26  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 33 ---
If  a  CD-ROM  drive,  a  DVD-ROM  drive,  or  another  laser 
device  is  installed,  note  the  following: 
CAUTION:
  
 
 
 
Opening  the  CD-ROM  drive,  the  DVD-ROM  drive,  or  any 
other  optical  storage  device  could  result  in  exposure  to 
hazardous  laser  radiation.  There  are  no  serviceable  parts 
inside  those  drives.  Do  not  open. 
Use  of  controls  or  adjustments  or  performance  of 
procedures  other  than  those  specified  herein  might 
result  in  hazardous  radiation  exposure. 
O  uso  de  controles,  ajustes  ou  desempenho  de 
procedimentos  diferentes  daqueles  aqui 
especificados  pode  resultar  em  perigosa  exposição 
à  radiação. 
  
Pour  éviter  tout  risque  d’exposition  au  rayon  laser, 
respectez  les  consignes  de  réglage  et  d’utilisation 
des  commandes,  ainsi  que  les  procédures  décrites. 
Werden  Steuer-  und  Einstellelemente  anders  als 
hier  festgesetzt  verwendet,  kann  gefährliche 
Laserstrahlung  auftreten. 
  
L’utilizzo  di  controlli,  regolazioni  o  l’esecuzione  di 
procedure  diverse  da  quelle  specificate  possono 
provocare  l’esposizione  a. 
  
  
El  uso  de  controles  o  ajustes  o  la  ejecución  de 
procedimientos  distintos  de  los  aquí  especificados 
puede  provocar  la  exposición  a  radiaciones 
peligrosas. 
Laser  compliance  statement 
Introduction  27

--- Page 34 ---
A  CD-ROM  drive,  a  DVD-ROM  drive,  or  any  other  storage 
device  installed  may  contain  an  embedded  Class  3A  or 
Class  3B  laser  diode.  Note  the  following: 
DANGER
  
 
 
  
Emits  visible  and  invisible  laser  radiation  when 
open.  Do  not  stare  into  the  beam,  do  not  view 
directly  with  optical  instruments,  and  avoid  direct 
exposure  to  the  beam. 
Radiação  por  raio  laser  ao  abrir.  Não  olhe  fixo  no 
feixe  de  luz,  não  olhe  diretamente  por  meio  de 
instrumentos  óticos  e  evite  exposição  direta  com  o 
feixe  de  luz. 
  
Rayonnement  laser  si  carter  ouvert.  Évitez  de  fixer 
le  faisceau,  de  le  regarder  directement  avec  des 
instruments  optiques,  ou  de  vous  exposer  au 
rayon. 
Laserstrahlung  bei  geöffnetem  Gerät.  Nicht  direkt 
oder  über  optische  Instrumente  in  den  Laserstrahl 
sehen  und  den  Strahlungsbereich  meiden. 
Kinyitáskor  lézersugár  !  Ne  nézzen  bele  se  szabad 
szemmel,  se  optikai  eszközökkel.  Kerülje  a 
sugárnyalábbal  való  érintkezést  !. 
Aprendo  l’unità  vengono  emesse  radiazioni  laser. 
Non  fissare  il  fascio,  non  guardarlo  direttamente 
con  strumenti  ottici  e  evitare  l’esposizione  diretta  al 
fascio. 
  
  
Radiación  láser  al  abrir.  No  mire  fijamente  ni 
examine  con  instrumental  óptico  el  haz  de  luz. 
Evite  la  exposición  directa  al  haz. 
Laser  compliance  statement  
28  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 35 ---
General  descriptions 
The  desciptions  in  this  chapter  apply  to  any  ThinkPad 
model  that  has  the  PC-Doctor
®
 
for  DOS  diagnostics 
program.  Some  descriptions  might  not  apply  to  your 
particular  computer. 
Read  this  first 
Before  you  go  to  the  checkout  guide,  be  sure  to  read  this 
section. 
 
 
Important  notes 
v    Only  certified  trained  personnel  should 
service  the  computer. 
v    Before  replacing  any  FRU,  read  the  entire 
page  on  removing  and  replacing  FRUs. 
v    When  you  replace  FRUs,  use  new 
nylon-coated  screws. 
v    Be  extremely  careful  during  such  write 
operations  as  copying,  saving,  or  formatting. 
Drives  in  the  computer  that  you  are  servicing 
sequence  might  have  been  altered.  If  you  select 
an  incorrect  drive,  data  or  programs  might  be 
overwritten. 
v    Replace  an  FRU  only  with  another  FRU  of  the 
correct  model.  When  you  replace  a  FRU,  make 
sure  that  the  model  of  the  machine  and  the  FRU 
part  number  are  correct  by  referring  to  the  FRU 
parts  list. 
v    A  FRU  should  not  be  replaced  because  of  a 
single,  unreproducible  failure.  Single  failures 
can  occur  for  a  variety  of  reasons  that  have 
nothing  to  do  with  a  hardware  defect,  such  as 
cosmic  radiation,  electrostatic  discharge,  or 
software  errors.  Consider  replacing  a  FRU  only 
when  a  problem  recurs.  If  you  suspect  that  a 
FRU  is  defective,  clear  the  error  log  and  run  the 
test  again.  If  the  error  does  not  recur,  do  not 
replace  the  FRU. 
v    Be  careful  not  to  replace  a  nondefective  FRU.
What  to  do  first 
When  you  do  return  a  FRU,  you  must  include  the  following 
information  in  the  parts  exchange  form  or  parts  return  form 
that  you  attach  to  it: 
__  1.    Name  and  phone  number  of  servicer 
 
©  Lenovo  2005.  Portions  ©  IBM  Corp.  2005.  29

--- Page 36 ---
__  2.    Date  of  service 
__  3.    Date  on  which  the  machine  failed 
__  4.    Date  of  purchase 
__  5.    Failure  symptoms,  error  codes  appearing  on  the 
display,  and  beep  symptoms 
__  6.    Procedure  index  and  page  number  in  which  the 
failing  FRU  was  detected 
__  7.    Failing  FRU  name  and  part  number 
__  8.    Machine  type,  model  number,  and  serial  number 
__  9.    Customer’s  name  and  address 
Note  for  warranty:
During  the  warranty  period,  the  customer  may  be 
responsible  for  repair  costs  if  the  computer  damage  was 
caused  by  misuse,  accident,  modification,  unsuitable 
physical  or  operating  environment,  or  improper 
maintenance  by  the  customer.  Following  is  a  list  of  some 
common  items  that  are  not  covered  under  warranty  and 
some  symptoms  that  might  indicate  that  the  system  was 
subjected  to  stress  beyond  normal  use. 
Before  checking  problems  with  the  computer,  determine 
whether  the  damage  is  covered  under  the  warranty  by 
referring  to  the  following  list: 
The  following  are  not  covered  under  warranty: 
v    LCD  panel  cracked  from  the  application  of  excessive 
force  or  from  being  dropped 
v    Scratched  (cosmetic)  parts 
v    Distortion,  deformation,  or  discoloration  of  the  cosmetic 
parts 
v    Plastic  parts,  latches,  pins,  or  connectors  that  have 
been  cracked  or  broken  by  excessive  force 
v    Damage  caused  by  liquid  spilled  into  the  system 
v    Damage  caused  by  the  improper  insertion  of  a  PC  Card 
or  the  installation  of  an  incompatible  card 
v    Diskette  drive  damage  caused  by  pressure  on  the 
diskette  drive  cover,  foreign  material  in  the  drive,  or  the 
insertion  of  a  diskette  with  multiple  labels 
v    Damaged  or  bent  diskette  eject  button 
v    Fuses  blown  by  attachment  of  a  nonsupported  device 
v    Forgotten  computer  password  (making  the  computer 
unusable) 
v    Sticky  keys  caused  by  spilling  a  liquid  onto  the  keyboard 
The  following  symptoms  might  indicate  damage 
caused  by  nonwarranted  activities: 
v    Missing  parts  might  be  a  symptom  of  unauthorized 
service  or  modification. 
v    If  the  spindle  of  a  hard  disk  drive  becomes  noisy,  it  may 
have  been  subjected  to  excessive  force,  or  dropped.
Read  this  first  
30  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 37 ---
Related  service  information 
This  section  provides  information  about  the  following: 
v    “Service  Web  site” 
v    “Restoring  the  pre-installed  system” 
v    “Passwords”  on  page  32 
v    “Power  management”  on  page  35
Service  Web  site 
When  the  latest  maintenance  diskette  and  the  system 
program  service  diskette  become  available,  they  will  be 
posted  on  http://www.lenovo.com/think/spm 
Restoring  the  pre-installed  system 
When  the  hard  disk  drive  is  replaced  because  of  a  failure, 
no  Product  Recovery  program  is  on  the  new  hard  disk.  In 
this  case,  you  must  use  the  recovery  CD  for  the  computer. 
Order  the  recovery  CD  and  the  hard  disk  drive  at  the  same 
time  so  that  you  can  recover  the  new  hard  disk  drive  with 
the  pre-installed  software  when  they  arrive.  For  information 
on  which  CD  to  order,  see  “Recovery  CDs”  on  page  243 
Recovery  to  Factory  Contents  by  using 
Product  Recovery  CDs 
 
 
To  create  the  service  partition  and  install  the  factory 
contents  from  the  recovery  CD,  do  the  following: 
 
 
Note 
The  recovery  process  might  take  up  to  2  hours.
1.    Insert  the  recovery  CD  into  the  CD  or  DVD  drive,  then 
restart  the  computer. 
2.    The  following  message  is  displayed:  “Your  computer 
originally  included  a  Product  Recovery  program  ... 
Reinstall  the  Product  Recovery  program?  (Y/N)  [  ]”. 
3.    Press  the  Y  key.  The  service  partition  is  created  and 
loaded  with  the  Product  Recovery  program  files. 
4.    At  next  window,  press  Enter  to  continue. 
v    The  service  partition  is  created.  The  system 
automatically  reboots  during  this  process. 
v    The  recovery  process  copies  some  files  to  the 
service  partition,  and  PKUNZIPs  others. 
v    Follow  the  prompts.  You  may  be  prompted  to 
change  CDs. 
v    When  the  process  is  complete,  the  system  reboots.
Related  service  information 
General  descriptions  31

--- Page 38 ---
5.    If  you  get  a  message  asking  which  operating  system  to 
install,  select  the  proper  operating  system  and  press 
Enter. 
6.    A  message  is  displayed:  “Full  Recovery:”.  Press  Enter 
to  select. 
7.    On  each  of  the  next  three  windows,  press  the  Y  key. 
8.    Follow  the  prompts  to  complete  the  recovery.
Passwords 
As  many  as  three  passwords  may  be  needed  for  any 
ThinkPad  computer:  the  power-on  password  (POP),  the 
hard-disk  password  (HDP),  and  the  supervisor  password 
(SVP). 
If  any  of  these  passwords  has  been  set,  a  prompt  for  it 
appears  on  the  screen  whenever  the  computer  is  turned 
on.  The  computer  does  not  start  until  the  password  is 
entered. 
Exception:   If  only  an  SVP  is  installed,  the  password 
prompt  does  not  appear  when  the  operating 
system  is  booted. 
Power-on  password:
A  power-on  password  (POP)  protects  the  system  from 
being  powered  on  by  an  unauthorized  person.  The 
password  must  be  entered  before  an  operating  system  can 
be  booted. 
Hard-disk  password:
There  are  two  hard-disk  passwords  (HDPs): 
v    User  HDP—for  the  user 
v    Master  HDP—for  the  system  administrator,  who  can  use 
it  to  get  access  to  the  hard  disk  even  if  the  user  has 
changed  the  user  HDP
Note:
   There  are  two  modes  for  the  HDP:  User  only  and 
Master  +  User.  The  Master  +  User  mode  requires 
two  HDPs;  the  system  administrator  enters  both  in 
the  same  operation.  The  system  administrator  then 
provides  the  user  HDP  to  the  system  user.
 Attention:   If  the  user  HDP  has  been  forgotten,  check 
whether  a  master  HDP  has  been  set.  If  it  has,  it  can  be 
used  for  access  to  the  hard  disk  drive.  If  no  master  HDP  is 
available,  neither  Lenovo  nor  Lenovo  authorized  servicers 
provide  any  services  to  reset  either  the  user  or  the  master 
HDP,  or  to  recover  data  from  the  hard  disk  drive.  The  hard 
disk  drive  can  be  replaced  for  a  scheduled  fee. 
Supervisor  password:
A  supervisor  password  (SVP)  protects  the  system 
Related  service  information  
32  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 39 ---
information  stored  in  the  BIOS  Setup  Utility.  The  user  must 
enter  the  SVP  in  order  to  get  access  to  the  BIOS  Setup 
Utility  and  change  the  system  configuration. 
 
Attention:   If  the  SVP  has  been  forgotten  and  cannot  be 
made  available  to  the  servicer,  there  is  no  service 
procedure  to  reset  the  password.  The  system  board  must 
be  replaced  for  a  scheduled  fee. 
How  to  remove  the  power-on  password 
To  remove  a  POP  that  you  have  forgotten,  do  the 
following: 
(A)  If  no  SVP  has  been  set: 
1.    Turn  off  the  computer. 
2.    Remove  the  battery  pack. 
For  how  to  remove  the  battery  pack,  see  “1010  Battery 
pack”  on  page  76. 
3.    Remove  the  backup  battery. 
For  how  to  remove  the  backup  battery,  see  “1150 
Backup  battery”  on  page  105. 
4.    Turn  on  the  computer  and  wait  until  the  POST  ends. 
After  the  POST  ends,  the  password  prompt  does  not 
appear.  The  POP  has  been  removed. 
5.    Reinstall  the  backup  battery  and  the  battery  pack. 
(B)  If  an  SVP  has  been  set  and  is  known  by  the  servicer: 
1.    Turn  on  the  computer;  then,  while  the  “To  interrupt 
normal  startup,  press  the  blue  Access  IBM  button” 
message  is  displayed  at  the  lower-left  of  the  screen, 
press  the  Access  IBM  button.  The  Rescue  and 
Recovery  screen  opens. 
For  models  supporting  the  Passphrase  function,  press 
F1  while  the  POP  icon  is  appearing  on  the  screen; 
then  enter  the  POP.  For  the  other  models,  enter  the 
POP. 
Note:   To  check  whether  the  ThinkPad  computer 
supports  the  Passphrase  function,  enter  the 
BIOS  Setup  Utility  and  go  to  Security  --> 
Password.  If  the  Using  Passphrase  item  is 
displayed  in  the  menu,  this  function  is  available 
on  the  ThinkPad  computer. 
2.    Click  Access  BIOS.  The  system  Restart  Required 
window  is  displayed. 
3.    Click  Yes.  The  computer  restarts,  and  the  BIOS  Setup 
Utility  screen  opens. 
4.    Select  Security,  using  the  cursor  directional  keys  to 
move  down  the  menu. 
Related  service  information 
General  descriptions  33

--- Page 40 ---
5.    Select  Password. 
6.    Select  Power-On  Password. 
7.    Type  the  current  SVP  in  the  Enter  Current  Password 
field.  then  leave  the  Enter  New  Password  field  blank, 
and  press  Enter  twice. 
8.    In  the  Changes  have  been  saved  window,  press  Enter. 
9.    Press  F10;  then,  in  the  Setup  confirmation  window, 
select  Yes  .
How  to  remove  the  hard-disk  password 
Attention:   If  User  only  mode  is  selected  and  the  user 
HDP  has  been  forgotten  and  cannot  be  made  available  to 
the  servicer,  neither  Lenovo  nor  Lenovo  authorized 
servicers  provide  any  services  to  reset  the  user  HDPs  or  to 
recover  data  from  the  hard  disk  drive.  The  hard  disk  drive 
can  be  replaced  for  a  scheduled  fee. 
To  remove  a  user  HDP  that  has  been  forgotten,  when  the 
SVP  and  the  master  HDP  are  known,  do  the  following: 
 
1.    Turn  on  the  computer;  then,  while  the  “To  interrupt 
normal  startup,  press  the  blue  Access  IBM  button” 
message  is  displayed  at  the  lower-left  of  the  screen, 
press  the  Access  IBM  button.  The  Rescue  and 
Recovery  screen  opens. 
For  models  supporting  the  Passphrase  function,  press 
F1  while  the  HDP  icon  is  appearing  on  the  screen; 
then  enter  the  master  HDP.  For  the  other  models, 
enter  the  master  HDP. 
Note:   To  check  whether  the  ThinkPad  computer 
supports  the  Passphrase  function,  enter  the 
BIOS  Setup  Utility  and  go  to  Security  --> 
Password.  If  the  Using  Passphrase  item  is 
displayed  in  the  menu,  this  function  is  available 
on  the  ThinkPad  computer. 
 
2.    Click  Access  BIOS.  The  system  Restart  Required 
window  is  displayed. 
 
3.    Click  Yes.  The  computer  restarts,  and  the  BIOS  Setup 
Utility  screen  opens. 
 
4.    Select  Security,  using  the  cursor  directional  keys  to 
move  down  the  menu. 
 
5.    Select  Password. 
 
6.    Select  Hard-disk  x  password,  where  x  is  the  letter  of 
the  hard  disk  drive.  A  pop-up  window  opens. 
 
7.    Select  Master  HDP. 
 
8.    Type  the  current  master  HDP  in  the  Enter  Current 
Password  field.  then  leave  the  Enter  New  Password 
field  blank,  and  press  Enter  twice. 
 
9.    Press  F10. 
Related  service  information  
34  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 41 ---
10.    Select  Yes  in  the  Setup  Configuration  window. 
Both  user  HDP  and  master  HDP  will  have  been 
removed.
Power  management 
To  reduce  power  consumption,  the  computer  has  three 
power  management  modes:  screen  blank,  standby,  and 
hibernation. 
Screen  blank  mode 
In  R50e  and  R52  series,  screen  blank  mode  has  three 
variants,  as  follows: 
1.    If  you  press  Fn+F3,  or  if  the  time  set  on  the  “LCD  off 
timer”  in  BIOS  Setup  Utility  expires, 
v    The  LCD  backlight  turns  off. 
v    The  hard  disk  drive  motor  stops. 
v    The  speaker  is  muted.
2.    If  you  are  using  the  ACPI  operating  system  and  you 
press  Fn+F3, 
v    The  LCD  backlight  turns  off. 
v    The  hard  disk  drive  motor  stops.
3.    If  the  time  set  on  the  “Turn  off  monitor”  timer  in  the 
operating  system  expires, 
v    The  LCD  backlight  turns  off. 
To  end  screen  blank  mode  and  resume  normal  operation, 
press  any  key. 
In  R51e,  press  the  Access  IBM  button  and  user  the 
ThinkVantage  Productivity  Center  to  turn  off  power  to  the 
computer  display. 
Standby  mode 
When  the  computer  enters  standby  mode,  the  following 
events  occur  in  addition  to  what  occurs  in  screen  blank 
mode: 
v    The  LCD  is  powered  off. 
v    The  hard  disk  drive  is  powered  off. 
v    The  CPU  stops. 
To  enter  standby  mode,  press  Fn+F4. 
In  R51e,  you  can  also  use  the  ThinkVantage  Productivity 
Center  to  put  the  computer  in  standby  mode. 
Note:   If  you  are  using  the  ACPI  operating  system,  you  can 
change  the  action  of  Fn+F4. 
In  certain  circumstances,  the  computer  goes  into  standby 
mode  automatically: 
Related  service  information 
General  descriptions  35

--- Page 42 ---
v    If  a  “suspend  time”  has  been  set  on  the  timer,  and  the 
user  does  not  do  any  operation  with  the  keyboard,  the 
TrackPoint,  the  hard  disk,  the  parallel  connector,  or  the 
diskette  drive  within  that  time. 
v    If  the  battery  indicator  blinks  orange,  indicating  that  the 
battery  power  is  low.  (Alternatively,  if  Hibernate  when 
battery  becomes  low  has  been  selected  in  the  “Power 
Management  Properties”  window,  the  computer  goes 
into  hibernation  mode.) 
To  cause  the  computer  to  return  from  standby  mode  and 
resume  operation,  do  one  of  the  following: 
v    Press  the  Fn  key. 
v    Open  the  LCD  cover. 
v    Turn  on  the  power  switch. 
Also,  in  either  of  the  following  events,  the  computer 
automatically  returns  from  standby  mode  and  resumes 
operation:
v
    The  ring  indicator  (RI)  is  signaled  by  a  serial  device  or  a 
PC  Card  device. 
v    The  time  set  on  the  resume  timer  elapses. 
Note:   The  computer  does  not  accept  any  input 
immediately  after  it  enters  standby  mode.  Wait  a 
few  seconds  before  taking  any  action  to  reenter 
operation  mode.
Hibernation  mode 
In  hibernation  mode,  the  following  occurs: 
v    The  system  status,  RAM,  VRAM,  and  setup  data  are 
stored  on  the  hard  disk. 
v    The  system  is  powered  off.
Note:
   If  the  computer  enters  the  hibernation  mode  while  it 
is  docked  to  the  docking  station,  do  not  undock  it 
before  resuming  normal  operation.  If  you  do  undock 
it  and  then  try  to  resume  normal  operation,  you  will 
get  an  error  message,  and  you  will  have  to  restart 
the  system. 
To  cause  the  computer  to  enter  hibernation  mode,  do  any 
of  the  following: 
v    Press  the  Fn+F12  keys. 
v    If  you  are  using  the  ACPI  operating  system  and  have 
defined  one  of  the  following  actions  as  the  event  that 
causes  the  system  to  go  into  hibernation  mode,  perform 
that  action. 
–    Closing  the  lid. 
–    Pressing  the  power  button. 
–    Pressing  Fn+F4  keys.
Related  service  information  
36  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 43 ---
Also,  the  computer  goes  into  hibernation  mode 
automatically  in  either  of  the  following  conditions:
v    If  a  “hibernation  time”  has  been  set  on  the  timer,  and  if 
the  user  does  not  do  any  operation  with  the  keyboard, 
the  TrackPoint,  the  hard  disk  drive,  the  parallel 
connector,  or  the  diskette  drive  within  that  time. 
v    If  the  timer  conditions  are  satisfied  in  suspend  mode. 
When  the  power  is  turned  on,  the  computer  returns  from 
hibernation  mode  and  resumes  operation.  The  hibernation 
file  in  the  boot  record  on  the  hard  disk  drive  is  read,  and 
system  status  is  restored  from  the  hard  disk  drive. 
In  R51e,  you  can  also  use  the  ThinkVantage  Productivity 
Center  to  put  the  computer  in  hibernation  mode. 
Related  service  information 
General  descriptions  37

--- Page 44 ---
Checkout  guide 
Use  the  following  procedures  as  a  guide  in  identifying  and 
correcting  problems  with  the  ThinkPad  computer. 
Note:   The  diagnostic  tests  are  intended  to  test  only 
ThinkPad  products.  The  use  of  non-ThinkPad 
products,  prototype  cards,  or  modified  options  can 
lead  to  false  indications  of  errors  and  invalid  system 
responses. 
1.    Identify  the  failing  symptoms  in  as  much  detail  as 
possible. 
2.    Verify  the  symptoms.  Try  to  re-create  the  failure  by 
running  the  diagnostic  test  or  by  repeating  the 
operation.
Testing  the  computer 
The  ThinkPad  computer  has  a  test  program  called 
PC-Doctor  for  DOS  (hereafter  called  PC-Doctor.)  You  can 
detect  errors  by  running  the  diagnostics  test  included  in 
PC-Doctor.  This  section  is  an  overview  of  the  procedure. 
For  details  that  depend  on  model-unique  functions,  refer  to 
“Product  overview”  on  page  47. 
For  some  possible  configurations  of  the  computer, 
PC-Doctor  might  not  run  correctly.  To  avoid  this  problem, 
you  need  to  initialize  the  computer  setup  by  use  of  the 
BIOS  Setup  Utility  before  you  run  PC-Doctor.  On  the  BIOS 
Setup  Utility  screen,  press  F9,  Enter,  F10,  and  then  Enter. 
Note:   When  you  initialize  the  computer  configuration, 
some  devices  are  disabled,  such  as  the  serial  port. 
If  you  test  one  of  these  devices,  you  will  need  to 
enable  it  by  using  Configuration  utility  for  DOS.  The 
utility  is  available  on  the  following  Web  site: 
http://www.lenovo.com/think/  support 
PC-Doctor  cannot  be  used  to  test  a  device  that  is  in  the 
docking  station,  even  if  the  computer  supports  the  docking 
station.  To  test  a  USB  device,  connect  it  to  the  USB 
connector  of  the  computer. 
Creating  the  PC-Doctor  diagnostics  diskette 
To  create  the  PC-Doctor  disk  from  the  Rescue  and 
Recovery  workspace,  do  as  follows: 
1.    Enter  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace  by 
pressing  the  Access  IBM  button  during  POST. 
2.    When  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace  finishes 
loading,  click  the  “Create  Diagnostic  Diskette”  . 
Checkout  guide  
38  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 45 ---
3.    Authenticating  the  digital  signature  takes  about  15 
seconds;  then  the  ThinkPad  computer  will  reboot  into 
PC-DOS. 
4.    A  batch  file  automatically  starts  up  to  prompt  you 
through  the  process  of  creating  diskettes.  You  are 
notified  of  how  many  diskettes  you  will  need. 
a.    You  are  prompted  to  insert  each  diskette  in 
sequence. 
b.    Typically,  all  you  need  to  do  is  to  press  the  Enter 
key  for  the  floppy  drive;  the  system  then  formats 
and  creates  the  diskette. 
c.    Each  diskette  is  erased  and  formatted  with  the 
PC-Doctor  for  DOS  boot  image.
5.
    As  soon  as  all  the  diskettes  have  been  created,  the 
ThinkPad  computer  reboots.  You  then  receive  a 
message  asking  you  to  remove  the  last  diskette  from 
the  drive  or,  if  you  want  to  run  the  diagnostics,  to  insert 
the  first  diskette. 
To  run  the  test,  do  as  follows: 
Note:   In  the  following  procedure,  you  can  select  an  item 
not  only  with  the  arrow  keys,  but  also  with  the 
TrackPoint  pointer.  Instead  of  pressing  Enter,  click 
the  left  button. 
1.    Insert  the  PC-Doctor  disk  into  the  diskette  drive;  then 
power  on  the  computer. 
If  the  computer  cannot  be  powered  on,  go  to  “Power 
system  checkout”  on  page  41,  and  check  the  power 
sources. 
If  an  error  code  appears,  go  to  “Symptom-to-FRU 
index”  on  page  62. 
On  the  first  screen,  select  the  model  and  press  Enter. 
Follow  the  instructions  on  the  screen. 
2.    The  main  panel  of  PC-Doctor  appears. 
3.    Select  Diagnostics  with  the  arrow  keys,  and  press 
Enter. 
A  pull-down  menu  appears.  (Its  exact  form  depends  on 
the  model.)
Note:
   PC-Doctor  menu  does  not  mean  the  formal 
support  device  list.  Some  unsupported  device 
names  may  appear  in  the  PC-Doctor  menu.
 
Checkout  guide 
General  descriptions  39

--- Page 46 ---
The  options  on  the  test  menu  are  as  follows: 
 
Diagnostics  Interactive  Tests 
v    Run  Normal  Test 
v    Run  Quick  Test 
v    CPU/Coprocessor 
v    Systemboard 
v    Video  Adapter 
v    Serial  Ports 
v    Parallel  Ports 
v    Fixed  Disks 
v    Diskette  Drives 
v    Other  Devices 
v    ThinkPad  Devices 
v    Communication 
v    Wireless  LAN 
v    Memory  Test  –  Full 
v    Memory  Test  –  Quick 
v    Keyboard 
v    Video 
v    Internal  Speaker 
v    Mouse 
v    Diskette 
v    System  Load 
v    CD-ROM/DVD  Test 
v    Intel  Wireless  Radio 
Notes:  
v    In  the  Keyboard  test  in  Interactive  Tests,  the  Fn  key  should 
be  held  down  for  at  least  2  seconds;  otherwise,  it  cannot  be 
sensed. 
v    Video  Adapter  test  supports  only  the  LCD  display  on  the 
ThinkPad  computer.  If  you  have  an  external  monitor  attached 
to  your  computer,  detach  it  before  running  PC-Doctor  for  DOS. 
v    When  Legacy  Floppy  Drives  is  enabled  in  the  BIOS  Setup 
Utility,  the  Diskette  Drives  test  is  activated  even  if  no  legacy 
diskette  drive  is  attached  to  the  ThinkPad  computer.
  
4.    Run  the  applicable  function  test. 
5.    Follow  the  instructions  on  the  screen.  If  there  is  a 
problem,  PC-Doctor  shows  messages  describing  it. 
6.    To  exit  the  test,  select  Quit  —  Exit  Diag. 
To  cancel  the  test,  press  Esc.
Note:
   After  running  PC-Doctor,  check  the  time  and  date 
on  the  system  and  reset  them  if  they  are  incorrect.
 
Diagnostics
Run Normal Test
Run Quick Test
CPU/Coprocessor
Systemboard
Video Adapter
Serial Ports
Parallel Ports
Fixed Disks
Diskette Drives
Other Devices
Communication
Memory Test - Full
Memory Test - Quick
Interactive Tests Hardware Info Utility Quit F1=Help
PC-DOCTOR 2.0 Copyright 2002 PC-Doctor, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Use the cursor keys and ESC to move in menus. Press ENTER to select.
Wireless LAN
  
Checkout  guide  
40  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 47 ---
Detecting  system  information  with 
PC-Doctor 
PC-Doctor  can  detect  the  following  system  information: 
Hardware  Info 
v    System  Configuration 
v    Memory  Contents 
v    Physical  Disk  Drives 
v    Logical  Disk  Drives 
v    VGA  Information 
v    IDE  Drive  Info 
v    PCI  Information 
v    PNPISA  Info 
v    SMBIOS  Info 
v    VESA  LCD  Info 
v    Hardware  Events  Log
Utility 
v    Run  External  Tests 
v    Surface  Scan  Hard  Disk 
v    Benchmark  System 
v    DOS  Shell 
v    Tech  Support  Form 
v    Battery  Rundown 
v    View  Test  Log 
v    Print  Log 
v    Save  Log 
v    Full  Erase  Hard  Drive 
v    Quick  Erase  Hard  Drive
Power  system  checkout 
To  verify  a  symptom,  do  the  following: 
1.    Turn  off  the  computer. 
2.    Remove  the  battery  pack. 
3.    Connect  the  ac  adapter. 
4.    Check  that  power  is  supplied  when  you  turn  on  the 
computer. 
5.    Turn  off  the  computer. 
6.    Disconnect  the  ac  adapter  and  install  the  charged 
battery  pack. 
7.    Check  that  the  battery  pack  supplies  power  when  you 
turn  on  the  computer.
If  you  suspect  a  power  problem,  see  the  appropriate  one 
of  the  following  power  supply  checkouts: 
v    “Checking  the  ac  adapter”  on  page  42 
v    “Checking  operational  charging”  on  page  42 
v    “Checking  the  battery  pack”  on  page  42 
v    “Checking  the  backup  battery”  on  page  43
 
Checkout  guide 
General  descriptions  41

--- Page 48 ---
Checking  the  ac  adapter 
You  are  here  because  the  computer  fails  only  when  the  ac 
adapter  is  used. 
v    If  the  power  problem  occurs  only  when  the  port 
replicator  is  used,  replace  the  port  replicator. 
v    If  the  power-on  indicator  does  not  turn  on,  check  the 
power  cord  of  the  ac  adapter  for  correct  continuity  and 
installation. 
v    If  the  computer  does  not  charge  during  operation,  go  to 
″Checking  operational  charging.″ 
To  check  the  ac  adapter,  do  the  following: 
1.    Unplug  the  ac  adapter  cable  from  the  computer. 
2.    Measure  the  output  voltage  at  the  plug  of  the  ac 
adapter  cable.  See  the  following  figure: 
 
2
1
(16-10V)
 
 
Pin  Voltage  (V  dc) 
1  +15.5  to  +17.0 
2  Ground 
  
3.    If  the  voltage  is  not  correct,  replace  the  ac  adapter. 
4.    If  the  voltage  is  acceptable,  do  the  following: 
v    Replace  the  system  board. 
v    If  the  problem  persists,  go  to  “Product  overview”  on 
page  47.
Note:
   Noise  from  the  ac  adapter  does  not  always  indicate 
a  defect. 
Checking  operational  charging 
To  check  whether  the  battery  charges  properly  during 
operation,  use  a  discharged  battery  pack  or  a  battery  pack 
that  has  less  than  50%  of  the  total  power  remaining  when 
installed  in  the  computer. 
Perform  operational  charging.  If  the  battery  status  indicator 
or  icon  does  not  turn  on,  remove  the  battery  pack  and  let  it 
return  to  room  temperature.  Reinstall  the  battery  pack.  If 
the  charge  indicator  or  icon  still  does  not  turn  on,  replace 
the  battery  pack. 
If  the  charge  indicator  still  does  not  turn  on,  replace  the 
system  board.  Then  reinstall  the  battery  pack.  If  it  is  still 
not  charged,  go  to  the  next  section. 
Checking  the  battery  pack 
Battery  charging  does  not  start  until  the  Power  Meter 
shows  that  less  than  95%  of  the  total  power  remains; 
Checkout  guide  
42  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 49 ---
under  this  condition  the  battery  pack  can  charge  to  100% 
of  its  capacity.  This  protects  the  battery  pack  from  being 
overcharged  or  from  having  a  shortened  life. 
To  check  your  battery,  move  your  cursor  to  the  Power 
Meter  icon  in  the  icon  tray  of  the  Windows  taskbar  and 
wait  for  a  moment  (but  do  not  click),  and  the  percentage  of 
battery  power  remaining  is  displayed.  To  get  detailed 
information  about  the  battery,  double-click  the  Power  Meter 
icon. 
Note:   If  the  battery  pack  becomes  hot,  it  may  not  be  able 
to  charge.  Remove  it  from  the  computer  and  leave  it 
at  room  temperature  for  a  while.  After  it  cools  down, 
reinstall  and  recharge  it. 
To  check  the  battery  pack,  do  the  following: 
1.    Turn  off  the  computer. 
2.    Remove  the  battery  pack  and  measure  the  voltage 
between  battery  terminals  1  (+)  and  5  (−).  See  the 
following  figure: 
 
2
3
4
5(-)
1(+)
 
 
Terminal  Voltage  (V  dc) 
1  +  0  to  +  12.6 
5  Ground  (−) 
  
3.    If  the  voltage  is  less  than  +11.0  V  dc,  the  battery  pack 
has  been  discharged. 
Note:   Recharging  will  take  at  least  3  hours,  even  if  the 
indicator  does  not  turn  on. 
If  the  voltage  is  still  less  than  +11.0  V  dc  after 
recharging,  replace  the  battery. 
4.    If  the  voltage  is  more  than  +11.0  V  dc,  measure  the 
resistance  between  battery  terminals  4  and  5.  The 
resistance  must  be  4  to  30  K  . 
If  the  resistance  is  not  correct,  replace  the  battery 
pack.  If  the  resistance  is  correct,  replace  the  system 
board.
Checking  the  backup  battery 
Do  the  following: 
1.    Turn  off  the  computer,  and  unplug  the  ac  adapter  from 
it. 
2.    Turn  the  computer  upside  down. 
3.    Remove  the  battery  pack  (see  “1010  Battery  pack”  on 
page  76). 
Checkout  guide 
General  descriptions  43

--- Page 50 ---
4.    Remove  the  backup  battery  (see  “Checking  the  battery 
pack”  on  page  42). 
5.    Measure  the  voltage  of  the  backup  battery.  See  the 
following  figure.
 
Red (+)
Black (-)
 
 
Wire  Voltage  (V  dc) 
Red  +2.5  to  +3.2 
Black  Ground 
  
v    If  the  voltage  is  correct,  replace  the  system  board. 
v    If  the  voltage  is  not  correct,  replace  the  backup  battery. 
v    If  the  backup  battery  discharges  quickly  after 
replacement,  replace  the  system  board.
Checkout  guide  
44  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 51 ---
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52 
Series 
Product  overview   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .47 
Specifications   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .47 
Status  indicators   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .54 
FRU  tests   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .57 
Fn  key  combinations   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .59 
Symptom-to-FRU  index   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .62 
Numeric  error  codes   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .62 
Error  messages   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .67 
Beep  symptoms   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .68 
No-beep  symptoms   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .68 
LCD-related  symptoms   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .69 
Intermittent  problems  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .70 
Undetermined  problems   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .70 
FRU  replacement  notices   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .71 
Screw  notices   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .71 
Retaining  serial  numbers .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .72 
Restoring  the  serial  number  of  the  system  unit  72 
Retaining  the  UUID   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .73 
Reading  or  writing  the  ECA  information   .  .  .73 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .75 
1010  Battery  pack .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .76 
1020  Ultrabay  Enhanced  device  (for  R52  series)  77 
1030  Hard  disk  drive   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .79 
1040  DIMM  (optional)   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .81 
1050  Keyboard   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .82 
1060  Ultrabay  device  (for  R50e  series)   .  .  .  .86 
1070  DIMM  (standard)   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .87 
1080  Modem  daughter  card  (MDC-2)   .  .  .  .  .88 
1090  Bluetooth/Modem  daughter  card  (BMDC-3) 
(for  R52  series)   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .90 
1100  Keyboard  bezel  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .92 
1110  Touch  pad  and  Fingerprint  reader  (for  R52 
series)   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .96 
1120  Mini  PCI  adapter   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .99 
1130  Fan  assembly   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 103 
1140  CPU  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 104 
1150  Backup  battery   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 105 
1160  Speaker  assembly   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 106 
1170  IEEE  1394  (for  R52  series)   .  .  .  .  .  . 108 
1180  PC  Card  slot  assembly   .  .  .  .  .  .  . 111 
1190  Ultrabay  Enhanced  shield  kit   .  .  .  .  .114 
1200  LCD  assembly .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 121 
1210  VGA  and  Ultrabay  Enhanced  device  eject 
button  cable   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 125 
1220  System  board,  interposer  card,  and  base 
cover   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 128 
2010  LCD  front  bezel   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 135 
2020  Inverter  card   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 137 
 
©  Lenovo  2005.  Portions  ©  IBM  Corp.  2005.  45

--- Page 52 ---
2030  LCD  panel,  LCD  cable  assembly,  wireless 
LAN  antenna  assembly,  hinges,  and  LCD  cover  . 138 
3010  ThinkPad  Dock  II  PCI  cover  .  .  .  .  .  . 149 
3020  ThinkPad  Dock  II  top  cover   .  .  .  .  .  . 150 
Locations   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 153 
Front  view  (for  R50e)   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 153 
Rear  view  (for  R50e)   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 154 
Bottom  view  (for  R50e)  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 155 
Front  view  (for  R52)  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 156 
Rear  view  (for  R52)   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 158 
Bottom  view  (for  R52)   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 159 
Parts  list   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 160 
Overall   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 160 
LCD  FRUs   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 220 
14.1-in.  XGA  TFT   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 221 
15.0-in.  XGA  TFT   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 229 
15.0-in.  SXGA+  TFT   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 236 
AC  adapters   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 240 
Keyboard   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 241 
Recovery  CDs   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 243 
For  Windows  XP  Professional  (R50e  series)  243 
For  Windows  XP  Home  Edition  (R50e  series)  244 
For  Windows  XP  Professional  (R51e  series)  245 
For  Windows  XP  Home  Edition  (R51e  series)  246 
For  Windows  XP  Professional  (R52  series)  247 
For  Windows  XP  Home  Edition  (R52  series)  251 
Miscellaneous  parts  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 253 
Optional  FRUs   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 259 
Common  parts  list   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 260 
Tools   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 260 
Power  cords  (system)   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 260 
Power  cords  (ThinkPad  Dock  II)   .  .  .  .  . 262 
Notices   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 263 
Trademarks   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 265
 
46  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 53 ---
Product  overview 
This  section  presents  the  following  product-unique 
information: 
v    “Specifications” 
v    “Status  indicators”  on  page  54 
v    “FRU  tests”  on  page  57 
v    “Fn  key  combinations”  on  page  59
Specifications 
The  following  table  lists  the  specifications  of  the  ThinkPad 
R50e,  R51e  and  R52  series: 
 
Feature  Description 
Processor  R50e  series: 
v    Intel
®
 
Celeron
®
 
M  processor  350  (1.3 
GHz),  L2  1-MB  cache 
v    Intel  Celeron  M  processor  360  (1.4 
GHz),  L2  1-MB  cache 
v    Intel  Celeron  M  processor  370  (1.5 
GHz),  L2  1-MB  cache 
v    Intel  Pentium
®
 
M  processor  725  (1.6 
GHz),  L2  1-MB  cache 
v    Intel  Pentium  M  processor  735  (1.7 
GHz),  L2  1-MB  cache 
v    Intel  Pentium  M  processor  745  (1.8 
GHz),  L2  1-MB  cache 
v    Intel  Pentium  M  processor  755  (2.0 
GHz),  L2  1-MB  cache
R51e
  series: 
v    Intel  Celeron  M  processor  360  (1.4 
GHz),  L2  1-MB  cache 
v    Intel  Celeron  M  processor  370  (1.5 
GHz),  L2  1-MB  cache 
v    Intel  Celeron  M  processor  380  (1.6 
GHz),  L2  1-MB  cache 
v    Intel  Pentium  M  processor  740  (1.73 
GHz),  L2  2-MB  cache 
v    Intel  Pentium  M  processor  750  (1.86 
GHz),  L2  2-MB  cache 
v    Intel  Pentium  M  processor  760  (2.0 
GHz),  L2  2-MB  cache 
v    Intel  Pentium  M  processor  770  (2.1 
GHz),  L2  2-MB  cache
(continued)
  
(continued) 
Product  overview 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  47

--- Page 54 ---
Feature  Description 
Processor  R52  series: 
v    Intel  Celeron  M  processor  350  (1.3 
GHz),  L2  1-MB  cache 
v    Intel  Celeron  M  processor  360  (1.4 
GHz),  L2  1-MB  cache 
v    Intel  Celeron  M  processor  370  (1.5 
GHz),  L2  1-MB  cache 
v    Intel  Celeron  M  processor  380  (1.6 
GHz),  L2  1-MB  cache 
v    Intel  Pentium  M  processor  730  (1.6 
GHz),  L2  2-MB  cache 
v    Intel  Pentium  M  processor  740  (1.73 
GHz),  L2  2-MB  cache 
v    Intel  Pentium  M  processor  750  (1.86 
GHz),  L2  2-MB  cache 
v    Intel  Pentium  M  processor  760  (2.0 
GHz),  L2  2-MB  cache 
v    Intel  Pentium  M  processor  770  (2.1 
GHz),  L2  2-MB  cache 
v    Intel  Pentium  M  processor  780  (2.26 
GHz),  L2  2-MB  cache 
Standard  memory  R50e  series: 
v    256  MB  DDR  SDRAM  SO-DIMM 
(PC2700)  card  ×  1 
v    512  MB  DDR  SDRAM  SO-DIMM 
(PC2700)  card  ×  1 
v    1  GB  DDR  SDRAM  SO-DIMM  (PC2700) 
card  ×  1
R51e
  series: 
v    256  MB  DDR  SDRAM  SO-DIMM 
(PC2-4200)  card  ×  1 
v    512  MB  DDR  SDRAM  SO-DIMM 
(PC2-4200)  card  ×  1
R52
  series: 
v    256  MB  DDR  SDRAM  SO-DIMM 
(PC2-4200)  card  ×  1 
v    512  MB  DDR  SDRAM  SO-DIMM 
(PC2-4200)  card  ×  1 
v    1  GB  DDR  SDRAM  SO-DIMM 
(PC2-4200)  card  ×  1
  
(continued) 
Product  overview  
48  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 55 ---
Feature  Description 
Optional  memory  v    256  MB  DDR  SDRAM  SO-DIMM 
(PC2700)  card 
v    512  MB  DDR  SDRAM  SO-DIMM 
(PC2700)  card 
v    1  GB  DDR  SDRAM  SO-DIMM  (PC2700) 
card 
v    256  MB  DDR  SDRAM  SO-DIMM 
(PC2-4200)  card 
v    512  MB  DDR  SDRAM  SO-DIMM 
(PC2-4200)  card 
v    1  GB  DDR  SDRAM  SO-DIMM 
(PC2-4200)  card
(maximum  of  2048  MB) 
Bus  architecture  v    400  MHz  PSB  (Processor  System  Bus) 
v    533  MHz  PSB 
v    333  MHz  DDR  (Double  Data  Rate) 
SDRAM  (Synchronous  DRAM)  (PC2700) 
v    533  MHz  DDR-2  (Double  Data  Rate  2) 
SDRAM  (Synchronous  DRAM) 
(PC2-4200) 
v    HUB  link 
v    PCI  bus 
v    LPC  bus 
Graphic  memory 
chip 
R50e  series: 
v    Intel  855GM
R51e
  series: 
v    RC410M
R52
  series: 
v    Intel  910GML 
v    Intel  915GM 
v    32  MB  DDR  SDRAM  (ATI  M22-32) 
v    32  MB  DDR  SDRAM  (ATI  M22-64) 
v    64  MB  DDR  SDRAM  (ATI  M22-64) 
CMOS  RAM  v    242  bytes
  
(continued) 
Product  overview 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  49

--- Page 56 ---
Feature  Description 
I/O  port  R50e  and  R51e  series: 
v    External  monitor  connector 
v    Stereo  headphone  jack 
v    Monaural  microphone  jack 
v    Parallel  connector 
v    RJ11  connector 
v    RJ45  connector 
v    Universal  serial  bus  (USB)  2.0  connector 
×  2  (compatible  with  USB  1.1  and  2.0)
R52
  series: 
v    External  monitor  connector 
v    Stereo  headphone  jack 
v    Monaural  microphone  jack 
v    Infrared  port 
v    Parallel  connector 
v    Docking  connector 
v    RJ11  connector 
v    RJ45  connector 
v    TV-out  connector  (S-Video) 
v    Universal  serial  bus  (USB)  2.0  connector 
×  2  (compatible  with  USB  1.1  and  2.0) 
v    IEEE  1394  connector  (some  models) 
v    Fingerprint  reader  (some  models) 
Internal  modem  v    56.6  Kbps 
Audio  R50e  and  R51e  series: 
v    1  W  built-in  monaural  speaker×1 
v    Software  control  volume
R52
  series: 
v    1  W  built-in  stereo  speaker  ×  2 
v    Software  control  volume 
Infrared  transfer  (for 
R52  series) 
v    IrDA  1.1 
Display  R50e  and  R51e  series: 
v    14.1-inch,  16M  colors,  XGA  (1024  ×  768 
resolution)  TFT  color  LCD 
v    15.0-inch,  16M  colors,  XGA  (1024  ×  768 
resolution)  TFT  color  LCD
R52
  series: 
v    14.1-inch,  16M  colors,  XGA  (1024  ×  768 
resolution)  TFT  color  LCD 
v    15.0-inch,  16M  colors,  XGA  (1024  ×  768 
resolution)  TFT  color  LCD 
v    15.0-inch,  16M  colors,  SXGA+  (1400  × 
1050  resolution)  TFT  color  LCD
  
(continued) 
Product  overview  
50  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 57 ---
Feature  Description 
Ultrabay  Enhanced 
device 
R50e  series: 
v    CD-ROM  drive,  12.7  mm  high 
v    DVD  drive,  12.7  mm  high 
v    DVD/CD-RW  combo  drive,  12.7  mm 
high 
v    DVD-RAM/RW  drive,  12.7  mm  high 
(option)
R51e
  series: 
v    CD-ROM  drive,  12.7  mm  high 
v    DVD  drive,  12.7  mm  high 
v    DVD/CD-RW  combo  drive,  12.7  mm 
high 
v    DVD-RAM/RW  drive,  12.7  mm  high
R52
  series: 
v    CD-ROM  drive,  12.7  mm  high 
v    DVD  drive,  12.7  mm  high 
v    DVD/CD-RW  combo  drive,  12.7  mm 
high 
v    DVD-RAM/RW  drive,  12.7mm  high 
v    DVD  drive,  9.5  mm  high  (supported  by 
CTO) 
v    DVD/CD-RW  combo  drive,  9.5  mm  high 
(supported  by  CTO) 
v    DVD-RAM/RW  drive,  9.5  mm  high 
(supported  by  CTO) 
Touch  pad  (for  R52 
series) 
v    UltraNav 
ThinkLight  Yes 
Hard  disk  drive  v    30.0  GB,  4200  rpm,  9.5  mm  high,  IDE 
interface 
v    40.0  GB,  4200  rpm,  9.5  mm  high,  IDE 
interface 
v    40.0  GB,  5400  rpm,  9.5  mm  high,  IDE 
interface 
v    60.0  GB,  4200  rpm,  9.5  mm  high,  IDE 
interface 
v    60.0  GB,  5400  rpm,  9.5  mm  high,  IDE 
interface 
v    80.0  GB,  4200  rpm,  9.5  mm  high,  IDE 
interface 
v    80.0  GB,  5400  rpm,  9.5  mm  high,  IDE 
interface 
v    80.0  GB,  7200  rpm,  9.5  mm  high,  IDE 
interface 
v    100.0  GB,  5400  rpm,  9.5  mm  high,  IDE 
interface
Supported
  hard  disk  drives  are  depend  on 
the  model.
  
(continued) 
Product  overview 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  51

--- Page 58 ---
Feature  Description 
Integrated  wireless 
LAN  feature 
R50e  series: 
v    802.11b 
v    802.11b/g
R51e
  series: 
v    802.11b/g 
v    802.11a/b/g
R52
  series: 
v    802.11b 
v    802.11b/g 
v    802.11a/b/g  and  Bluetooth  wireless 
Mini  PCI  adapter  R50e  series: 
v    Intel  PRO/Wireless  LAN  2100  3B  Mini 
PCI  Adapter  (802.11b) 
v    Intel  PRO  Wireless  2200BG  Mini-PCI 
Adapter
R51e
  series: 
v    ThinkPad  11b/g  Wireless  LAN  Mini  PCI 
Adapter 
v    ThinkPad  11a/b/g  Wireless  LAN  Mini 
PCI  Adapter  II
R52
  series: 
v    Intel  PRO/Wireless  LAN  2100  3B  Mini 
PCI  Adapter  (802.11b) 
v    Intel  PRO  Wireless  2200BG  Mini-PCI 
Adapter 
v    ThinkPad  11b/g  Wireless  LAN  Mini  PCI 
Adapter 
v    ThinkPad  11a/b/g  Wireless  LAN  Mini 
PCI  Adapter  II 
v    Intel  PRO  Wireless  2915ABG  Mini-PCI 
Adapter 
PC 
Card/ExpressCard 
v    One  Type-III 
v    One  Type-II 
v    One  Type-II 
v    One  ExpressCard 
Ethernet  (on  the 
system  board) 
R50e  and  R51e  series: 
v    10/100Base  Ethernet
R52
  series: 
v    Gigabit  Ethernet
  
(continued) 
Product  overview  
52  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 59 ---
Feature  Description 
Communication 
daughter  card 
(CDC) 
R50e  and  R51e  series: 
v    ThinkPad  Integrated  56K  Modem 
(MDC-2)
R52
  series: 
v    ThinkPad  Integrated  56K  Modem 
(MDC-2) 
v    ThinkPad  Integrated  Bluetooth  IV  with 
56K  Modem  (BMDC-3) 
Battery  v    Li-ion  battery  (6  cells) 
v    Li-ion  battery  (9  cells) 
v    Ultrabay  Enhanced  Li  Polymer  battery,  3 
cells  (option) 
AC  adapter  v    72-watt  type 
Preinstalled 
operating  system 
v    Windows  XP  Professional 
v    Windows  XP  Home  Edition
  
 
Product  overview 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  53

--- Page 60 ---
Status  indicators 
The  system  status  indicators  show  the  status  of  the 
computer,  as  follows: 
R
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
9
  
 
R
2 7 8
  
 
Note:   Some  models  may  not  have  the  status  indicators 
shown  above.
Product  overview  
54  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 61 ---
Note:   Some  models  may  not  have  the  status  indicators 
described  below.
 
Indicator  Meaning 
1  Wireless 
status
 
 
Green: 
The  wireless  feature  (the  IEEE  802.11 
standard)  is  on,  and  the  radio  link  is  ready 
for  use. 
Blinking  green: 
Data  is  being  transmitted. 
2  Bluetooth 
wireless 
status
R
 
 
Green: 
Bluetooth  wireless  feature  is  operational. 
This  indicator  is  on  when  Bluetooth 
wireless  feature  is  on  and  not  in  suspend 
mode. 
3  Num  lock
 
 
Green: 
The  numeric  keypad  on  the  keyboard  is 
enabled.  To  enable  or  disable  the  keypad, 
press  and  hold  the  Shift  key,  and  press  the 
NumLk  (ScrLk)  key. 
5  Caps  lock
 
 
Green: 
Caps  Lock  mode  is  enabled.  To  enable  or 
disable  Caps  Lock  mode,  press  the  Caps 
Lock  key. 
5  Drive  in 
use
 
 
Green: 
Data  is  being  read  from  or  written  to  the 
hard  disk  drive,  the  diskette  drive,  or  the 
drive  in  the  Ultrabay  Enhanced  device. 
When  this  indicator  is  on,  do  not  put  the 
computer  into  standby  mode  or  turn  off  the 
computer.
Note:
  Do  not  move  the  system  while  the 
green  drive-in-use  light  is  on.  Sudden  physical 
shock  could  cause  drive  errors. 
6  Power-on
 
 
Green: 
The  computer  is  on  and  ready  to  use.  This 
indicator  stays  lit  whenever  the  computer  is 
on  and  is  not  in  standby  mode.
  
(continued) 
Product  overview 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  55

--- Page 62 ---
Indicator  Meaning 
7  Battery 
status
 
 
Green: 
The  battery  is  in  use  and  has  enough 
power.  The  ac  adapter  has  charged  the 
battery  completely. 
Blinking  green: 
The  battery  is  being  charged,  but  still  has 
enough  power  to  operate.  (At  regular 
intervals,  the  indicator  light  turns  off  briefly.) 
Orange: 
The  battery  is  being  charged,  but  the 
battery  power  is  still  low. 
Blinking  orange: 
The  battery  needs  to  be  charged.  When 
the  indicator  starts  blinking  orange,  the 
computer  beeps  three  times. 
8  Standby 
status
 
 
Green: 
The  computer  is  in  standby  mode. 
Blinking  green: 
The  computer  is  entering  standby  mode  or 
hibernation  mode,  or  is  resuming  normal 
operation. 
9  Ultrabay 
Enhanced 
status 
Green: 
An  Ultrabay  Enhanced  device  is  installed 
and  in  use. 
Blinking  green: 
An  Ultrabay  Enhanced  device  is  in  the 
process  of  being  detached. 
Turn  off: 
An  Ultrabay  Enhanced  device  is  ready  to 
be  attached  or  detached.
  
 
Product  overview  
56  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 63 ---
FRU  tests 
The  following  table  shows  the  test  for  each  FRU. 
 
FRU  Applicable  test 
System  board  1.    Diagnostics  -->  CPU/Coprocessor 
2.    Diagnostics  -->  Systemboard 
3.    If  the  docking  station  or  the  port  replicator 
is  attached  to  the  ThinkPad  computer, 
undock  it.  Place  the  computer  on  a 
horizontal  surface,  and  run  Diagnostics  --> 
ThinkPad  Devices  -->  HDD  Active 
Protection  Test. 
Note:  Do  not  apply  any  physical  shock  to 
the  computer  while  the  test  is  running. 
Power  Diagnostics  -->  ThinkPad  Devices  -->  AC 
Adapter,  Battery  1  (Battery  2) 
LCD  unit 
1.    Diagnostics  -->  Video  Adapter 
2.    Interactive  Tests  -->  Video 
Modem 
daughter  card 
(MDC-2  or 
BMDC-3) 
1.    Make  sure  the  modem  is  set  up  correctly. 
2.    Replace  the  modem  jack  and  the  modem 
card  in  turn,  and  run  the  following  tests  in 
Diagnostics  -->  Communication: 
a.    Conexant  Smart  Modem  Interrupt 
b.    Conexant  Smart  Modem  Dialtone 
Audio  1.    Interactive  Tests  -->  Internal  Speaker 
2.    Diagnostics  -->  Other  Devices  -->  Analog 
Devices  AC97  CODEC  Test 
Speaker  Interactive  Tests  -->  Internal  Speaker 
PC  Card  slots  1.    Diagnostics  -->  Systemboard  -->  PCMCIA 
2.    Insert  a  PC  Card  Wrap  Plug  into  every  PC 
Card  slot,  and  run  Diagnostics  --> 
Systemboard  -->  PCMCIA  External  Loop 
ExpressCard 
slot 
1.    Insert  a  PCI-Express/USB  Wrap  card  into 
the  ExpressCard  slot. 
2.    Turn  on  the  computer. 
3.    Run  Diagnostics  -->  ThinkPad  Devices 
-->  Express  Card  Slot. 
Keyboard  1.    Diagnostics  -->  Systemboard  --> 
Keyboard 
2.    Interactive  Tests  -->  Keyboard 
Hard  disk  drive  Diagnostics  -->  Fixed  Disks
  
(continued) 
Product  overview 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  57

--- Page 64 ---
FRU  Applicable  test 
Diskette  drive  1.    Diagnostics  -->  Diskette  Drives 
2.    Interactive  Tests  -->  Diskette 
DVD  drive  or 
DVD/CD-RW 
combo  drive 
1.    Diagnostics  -->  Other  Devices  --> 
CD-ROM/DVD 
2.    Interactive  Tests  -->  CD-ROM/DVD  Test 
Memory  1.    If  two  DIMMs  are  installed,  remove  one  of 
them  and  run  Diagnostics  -->  Memory 
Test—Quick. 
2.    If  the  problem  does  not  recur,  return  the 
DIMM  to  its  place,  remove  the  other  one, 
and  run  the  test  again. 
3.    If  the  test  does  not  detect  the  error,  run 
Diagnostics  -->  Memory  Test—Full. 
Fan  1.    Turn  on  the  computer  and  check  the  air 
turbulence  at  the  louver  near  the  PC  Card 
slot. 
2.    Run  Diagnostics  -->  ThinkPad  Devices 
-->  Fan. 
TrackPoint  or 
pointing  device 
If  the  TrackPoint  does  not  work,  check  the 
configuration  as  specified  in  the  ThinkPad 
Configuration  program.  If  the  TrackPoint  is 
disabled,  select  Automatic  (or  Enable)  to 
enable  it. 
After  you  use  the  TrackPoint,  the  pointer  may 
drift  on  the  screen  for  a  short  time.  This  drift 
can  occur  when  a  slight,  steady  pressure  is 
applied  to  the  TrackPoint  pointer.  This  symptom 
is  not  a  hardware  problem.  If  the  pointer  stops 
after  a  short  time,  no  service  action  is 
necessary. 
If  enabling  the  TrackPoint  does  not  correct  the 
problem,  continue  with  the  following: 
v    Interactive  Tests  -->  Mouse 
Touch  Pad  If  the  Touch  Pad  does  not  work,  check  the 
configuration  as  specified  in  the  ThinkPad 
Configuration  program.  If  the  Touch  Pad  is 
disabled,  select  Automatic  to  enable  it.  If 
enabling  the  Touch  Pad  does  not  correct  the 
problem,  continue  with  the  following: 
v    Interactive  Tests  -->  Mouse
  
 
Product  overview  
58  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 65 ---
Fn  key  combinations 
The  following  table  shows  the  function  of  each  combination 
of  Fn  with  a  function  key. 
 
Key 
combination 
Description 
Fn+F1  Reserved. 
Fn+F2  Reserved. 
Fn+F3  R50e  and  R52  series:Turn  off  the  computer 
display,  leaving  the  screen  blank.  To  turn  the 
computer  display  on  again,  press  any  key  or 
press  the  TrackPoint  pointing  stick. 
R51e  series:Select  a  power  scheme  that  has 
been  created  by  Power  Manager.  A  panel  for 
selecting  a  power  scheme  appears  when  this 
combination  is  pressed. 
Notes:  
1.    If  the  user  has  logged  on  with  a 
administrator  user  ID,  and  Fn+F3  is 
pressed,  the  panel  for  selecting  a  power 
scheme  appears.  If  the  user  have  logged 
on  with  another  user  ID,  and  Fn+F3  is 
pressed,  the  panel  does  not  appear. 
2.    The  computer  display  cannot  be  turned  off 
by  pressing  Fn+F3. 
Fn+F4  Put  the  computer  in  standby  mode.  To  return  to 
normal  operation,  press  the  Fn  key  only, 
without  pressing  a  function  key. 
Note:  This  combination  of  keys  functions  as  a 
sleep  button.  The  setting  can  be  changed  so 
that  pressing  it  puts  the  computer  into 
hibernation  mode  or  even  shuts  the  computer 
down. 
Fn+F5  Control  the  power  source  of  the  built-in 
Bluetooth  wireless  device.  This  combination  of 
the  keys  functions  as  a  toggle  switch  of  the 
power  state. 
Note:  In  Windows  2000  or  Windows  XP,  this 
combination  of  keys  enables  or  disables  the 
built-in  wireless  networking  features  (the  IEEE 
802.11  standard)  and  the  Bluetooth  wireless 
features.  To  use  this  function,  the  following 
drivers  must  be  installed. 
v    ThinkPad  Power  Management  driver 
v    OnScreen  Display  utility 
v    Wireless  device  drivers 
Fn+F6  Reserved.
  
(continued) 
Product  overview 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  59

--- Page 66 ---
Key 
combination 
Description 
Fn+F7  Switch  a  display  output  location 
v    External  monitor  (CRT  display) 
v    Computer  display  and  external  monitor  (LCD 
+  CRT  display) 
v    Computer  display  (LCD)
Note:
  For  any  operating  system  other  than 
Windows  2000  or  Windows  XP,  no  additional 
procedure  is  needed;  just  press  Fn+F7.
Notes:
  
1.    This  function  does  not  work  when  different 
desktop  images  are  displayed  on  the 
computer  display  and  the  external  monitor 
(the  Extend  desktop  function). 
2.    This  function  does  not  work  while  a  DVD 
movie  or  a  video  clip  is  playing. 
3.    For  Windows  2000  or  Windows  XP,  a 
hotkey  application  might  take  over  the 
switching  function. 
Fn+F8  If  the  image  displayed  on  the  computer  is 
smaller  than  the  physical  display,  switch  the 
computer  screen  size  between  expanded  mode 
and  normal  mode.
  
(continued) 
Product  overview  
60  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 67 ---
Key 
combination 
Description 
Fn+F9  Open  the  ThinkPad  EasyEject  Utility  screen. 
Buttons  for  the  following  choices  are  displayed: 
v    Eject  ThinkPad  PC  from  Dock:  This  button 
is  displayed  only  if  the  ThinkPad  computer 
has  been  attached  to  a  ThinkPad  Dock  II. 
The  computer  can  be  detached  from  the 
ThinkPad  Dock  II. 
v    Eject  ThinkPad  PC  from  Mini  Dock:  This 
button  is  displayed  only  if  the  ThinkPad 
computer  has  been  docked  in  a  ThinkPad 
Mini  Dock  and  one  or  more  USB  devices 
have  been  connected  to  the  ThinkPad  Mini 
Dock.  You  can  stop  and  remove  all  the  USB 
devices  safely  by  clicking  the  button. 
Note:  If  a  diskette  drive  is  connected  to  the 
external-diskette-drive  connector  of  the 
ThinkPad  Mini  Dock,  you  cannot  connect  a 
USB  diskette  drive. 
v    Run  EasyEject  Actions:  This  button  is  used 
to  select,  stop,  or  remove  external  devices 
connected  to  the  ThinkPad  computer. 
v    Configure  EasyEject  Actions:  Opens  the 
ThinkPad  EasyEject  Utility  main  window. 
v    Fn+F9  Settings:  Contigures  the  settings  for 
the  Fn+F9  function.
You
  can  use  this  utility  to  stop  and  remove  all 
ejectable  devices  connected  to  the  ThinkPad 
computer,  the  ThinkPad  Mini  Dock,  or  the 
ThinkPad  Port  Replicator  II.  You  cannot  use  it 
to  detach  the  computer  from  the  ThinkPad  Mini 
Dock  or  the  ThinkPad  Port  Replicator  II. 
Fn+F10  Reserved. 
Fn+F11  Reserved. 
Fn+F12  Put  the  computer  into  hibernation  mode.  To  
return  to  normal  operation,  press  the  power 
button  for  less  than  four  seconds. 
Note:  To  use  Fn+F12  for  hibernation,  you  must 
have  the  PM  device  driver  installed  on  the 
computer. 
Fn+PgUp  Turn  the  ThinkLight  on  or  off. 
Note:  This  function  is  supported  only  on  the 
ThinkPad  computers  that  have  the  ThinkLight. 
The  on  or  off  status  of  the  ThinkLight  is  shown 
on  the  screen  for  a  few  seconds  when  you 
press  Fn+PgUp. 
Fn+Home  The  computer  display  becomes  brighter. 
Fn+End  The  computer  display  becomes  dimmer. 
Fn+Spacebar  Enable  the  FullScreen  Magnifier  function.
 
Product  overview 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  61

--- Page 68 ---
Symptom-to-FRU  index 
The  symptom-to-FRU  index  in  this  section  lists  symptoms 
and  errors  and  their  possible  causes.  The  most  likely 
cause  is  listed  first,  in  boldface  type. 
Note:   Do  the  FRU  replacement  or  other  actions  in  the 
sequence  shown  in  the  column  headed  “FRU  or 
action,  in  sequence.”  If  replacing  a  FRU  does  not 
solve  the  problem,  put  the  original  part  back  in  the 
computer.  Do  not  replace  a  nondefective  FRU. 
This  index  can  also  help  you  determine,  during  regular 
servicing,  what  FRUs  are  likely  to  need  to  be  replaced 
next. 
A  numeric  error  is  displayed  for  each  error  detected  in 
POST  or  system  operation.  In  the  displays,  n  can  be  any 
number. 
If  no  numeric  code  is  displayed,  check  the  narrative 
descriptions  of  symptoms.  If  the  symptom  is  not  described 
there,  go  to  “Intermittent  problems”  on  page  70. 
 
 
Note 
For  a  device  not  supported  by  diagnostic  codes  in 
the  ThinkPad  notebook  computers,  see  the  manual 
for  that  device.
Numeric  error  codes 
 
Symptom  or  error  FRU  or  action,  in  sequence 
0175
Bad
  CRC1,  stop  POST 
task—The  EEPROM  checksum 
is  not  correct. 
System  board. 
0176
System
  Security—The  system 
has  been  tampered  with. 
1.    Run  BIOS  Setup  Utility, 
and  save  the  current 
setting  by  pressing  F10. 
2.    System  board. 
0177
Bad
  SVP  data,  stop  POST 
task—The  checksum  of  the 
supervisor  password  in  the 
EEPROM  is  not  correct. 
System  board. 
0182
Bad
  CRC2.  Enter  BIOS  Setup 
and  load  Setup  defaults.—The 
checksum  of  the  CRS2  setting 
in  the  EEPROM  is  not  correct. 
1.    Run  BIOS  Setup  Utility. 
Press  F9,  and  Enter  to 
load  the  default  setting. 
Then  save  the  current 
setting  by  pressing  F10. 
2.    System  board. 
Symptom-to-FRU  index  
62  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 69 ---
Symptom  or  error  FRU  or  action,  in  sequence 
0185
Bad
  startup  sequence  settings. 
Enter  BIOS  Setup  and  load 
Setup  defaults. 
1.    Run  BIOS  Setup  Utility. 
Press  F9,  and  Enter  to 
load  the  default  setting. 
Then  save  the  current 
setting  by  pressing  F10. 
0187
EAIA
  data  access  error—The 
access  to  EEPROM  is  failed. 
System  board. 
0188
Invalid
  RFID  Serialization 
Information  Area. 
System  board. 
0189
Invalid
  RFID  configuration 
information  area—The 
EEPROM  checksum  is  not 
correct. 
System  board. 
0190
Critical
  low-battery  error 
1.    Charge  the  battery  pack. 
2.    Battery  pack. 
0191
System
  Security—Invalid 
Remote  Change  requested. 
1.    Run  BIOS  Setup  Utility, 
and  then  save  current 
setting  by  pressing  F10. 
2.    System  board. 
0192
System
  Security—  IBM 
Embedded  Security  hardware 
tamper  detected. 
System  board. 
0199
System
  Security—IBM  Security 
password  retry  count  exceeded. 
1.    Run  BIOS  Setup  Utility, 
and  then  save  the  current 
setting  by  pressing  F10. 
2.    System  board. 
01C8
Two
  or  more  modem  devices 
are  found.  Remove  all  but  one 
of  them.  Press  <Esc>  to 
continue. 
1.    Remove  either  a  Mini-PCI 
Card  or  a  modem 
daughter  card.  Otherwise, 
press  Esc  to  ignore  the 
warning  message. 
2.    System  board. 
01C9
More
  than  one  Ethernet  devices 
are  found.  Remove  one  of 
them.  Press  <Esc>  to  continue. 
1.    Remove  the  Ethernet 
device  that  you  installed; 
or  press  Esc  to  ignore  the 
warning  message. 
2.    System  board. 
0200
Hard
  disk  error—The  hard  disk 
is  not  working. 
1.    Reseat  the  hard  disk 
drive. 
2.    Load  Setup  Defaults  in 
BIOS  Setup  Utility. 
3.    Hard  disk  drive. 
4.    System  board. 
021x
Keyboard
  error. 
Run  interactive  tests  of  the 
keyboard  and  the  auxiliary 
input  device. 
Symptom-to-FRU  index 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  63

--- Page 70 ---
Symptom  or  error  FRU  or  action,  in  sequence 
0220
Monitor
  type  error—Monitor 
type  does  not  match  the  one 
specified  in  CMOS. 
Load  Setup  Defaults  in  BIOS 
Setup  Utility. 
0230
Shadow
  RAM  error—Shadow 
RAM  fails  at  offset  nnnn. 
System  board. 
0231
System
  RAM  error—System 
RAM  fails  at  offset  nnnn. 
1.    DIMM. 
2.    System  board. 
0232
Extended
  RAM  error— 
Extended  RAM  fails  at  offset 
nnnn. 
1.    DIMM. 
2.    System  board. 
0250
System
  battery  error—System 
battery  is  dead. 
Replace  the  backup  battery 
and  run  BIOS  Setup  Utility  to 
reset  the  time  and  date. 
0251
System
  CMOS  checksum 
bad—  Default  configuration 
used. 
Replace  the  backup  battery 
and  run  BIOS  Setup  Utility  to 
reset  the  time  and  date. 
0252
Password
  checksum  bad—The 
password  is  cleared. 
Reset  the  password  by 
running  BIOS  Setup  Utility. 
0260
System
  timer  error. 
1.    Replace  the  backup 
battery  and  run  BIOS 
Setup  Utility  to  reset  the 
time  and  date. 
2.    System  board. 
0270
Real-time
  clock  error. 
1.    Replace  the  backup 
battery  and  run  BIOS 
Setup  Utility  to  reset  the 
time  and  date. 
2.    System  board. 
0271
Date
  and  time  error—Neither 
the  date  nor  the  time  is  set  in 
the  computer. 
Run  BIOS  Setup  Utility  to 
reset  the  time  and  date. 
0280
Previous
  boot  incomplete— 
Default  configuration  used. 
1.    Load  “Setup  Default”  in 
BIOS  Setup  Utility. 
2.    DIMM. 
3.    System  board. 
02F4
DMA
  test  failed. 
1.    Load  Setup  Defaults  in 
BIOS  Setup  Utility. 
2.    Replace  the  backup  battery. 
3.    System  board. 
02F5
DMA
  test  failed. 
1.    DIMM. 
2.    System  board. 
02F6
Software
  NMI  failed 
1.    DIMM. 
2.    System  board. 
02F7
Fail-safe
  timer  NMI  failed 
1.    DIMM. 
2.    System  board. 
Symptom-to-FRU  index  
64  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 71 ---
Symptom  or  error  FRU  or  action,  in  sequence 
1802
Unauthorized
  network  card  is 
plugged  in—Turn  off  and 
remove  the  miniPCI  network 
card. 
1.    Remove  Mini  PCI  network 
card. 
2.    System  board. 
1803
Unauthorized
  daughter  card  is 
plugged  in—Turn  off  and 
remove  the  daughter  card. 
1.    Remove  the  daughter 
card  that  you  installed. 
2.    System  board. 
1810
Hard
  disk  partition  layout  error. 
1.    If  the  Access  IBM 
Predesktop  Area  has  been 
previously  disabled,  then 
go  to  the  BIOS  Setup 
Utility  by  pressing  F1  to 
open  the  BIOS  Setup 
Utility.  Select  Security  --> 
Predesktop  Area  --> 
Access  IBM  Predesktop 
Area.  Set  this  item  to 
Disabled.  Save  and  exit. 
2.    If  the  Access  IBM 
Predesktop  Area  has  not 
been  previously  disabled, 
press  Enter  to  load  Access 
IBM  Predesktop  Area.  Then 
run  RECOVER  TO 
FACTORY  CONTENTS  in 
Access  IBM  Predesktop 
Area. 
3.    If  item  2  failed,  press  F3  in 
the  Welcome  screen  in 
RECOVER  TO  FACTORY 
CONTENTS.  Run  FDISK, 
and  then  delete  all 
partitions.  Run  RECOVER 
TO  FACTORY  CONTENTS 
in  Access  IBM  Predesktop 
Area  again. 
4.    If  item  3  failed,  select 
CD-ROM  boot  in  Startup  in 
Access  IBM  Predesktop 
Area.  Boot  from  the 
Recovery  CD  and  perform 
full  recovery  from  it. 
5.    If  item  4  failed,  replace  the 
hard  disk  drive. 
Symptom-to-FRU  index 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  65

--- Page 72 ---
Symptom  or  error  FRU  or  action,  in  sequence 
2000
Hard
  Drive  Active  Protection 
sensor  diagnostics  failed.
Press
  <Esc>  to  continue.
Press
  <F1>  to  enter  SETUP 
1.    Undock  docking  station  or 
port  replicator  if  it  is 
attached  to  the  ThinkPad 
computer,  and  place  the 
computer  on  a  horizontal 
surface.  Do  not  apply  any 
physical  shock  to  the 
computer. 
2.    Run  Diagnostics  --> 
ThinkPad  Devices  -->  HDD 
Active  Protection  Test. 
2010
Warning:
  Your  internal  hard  disk 
drive  (HDD)  may  not  function 
correctly  on  this  system.  Ensure 
that  your  HDD  is  supported  on 
this  system  and  that  the  latest 
HDD  firmware  is  installed. 
Inform  the  following  information 
to  the  customer:
If
  in  the  primary  bay  the 
customer  is  using  a  non-IBM  or 
non-Lenovo  hard  disk  drive 
(HDD),  or  an  old  generation 
IBM  HDD  which  is  not 
supported  by  this  system,  with 
the  risk  in  mind,  the  customer 
can  still  use  it  by  pressing  ESC. 
If  in  the  primary  drive  bay  the 
customer  is  using  a  supported 
IBM/Lenovo  HDD  with  an  old 
firmware,  the  customer  needs 
to  update  its  firmware  to  the 
latest.  The  latest  version  is 
available  at 
http://www.lenovo.com/think/ 
support
  
 
Symptom-to-FRU  index  
66  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 73 ---
Error  messages 
 
Symptom  or  error  FRU  or  action,  in  sequence 
Device  address  conflict.  1.    Load  “Setup  Defaults”  in 
the  BIOS  Setup  Utility. 
2.    Backup  battery. 
3.    System  board. 
Allocation  error  for  device.  1.    Load  “Setup  Defaults”  in 
the  BIOS  Setup  Utility. 
2.    Backup  battery. 
3.    System  board. 
Failing  bits:  nnnn.  1.    DIMM. 
2.    System  board. 
Invalid  system  configuration 
data. 
1.    DIMM. 
2.    System  board. 
I/O  device  IRQ  conflict.  1.    Load  “Setup  Defaults”  in 
the  BIOS  Setup  Utility. 
2.    Backup  battery. 
3.    System  board. 
Operating  system  not  found.  1.    Check  that  the  operating 
system  has  no  failure  and  is 
installed  correctly. 
2.    Enter  the  BIOS  Setup 
Utility  and  see  whether 
the  hard  disk  drive  and 
the  diskette  drive  are 
properly  identified. 
3.    Reseat  the  hard  disk  drive. 
4.    Reinstall  the  operating 
system. 
5.    Diskette  drive. 
6.    Hard  disk  drive. 
7.    System  board. 
Hibernation  error.  1.    Restore  the  system 
configuration  to  what  it 
was  before  the  computer 
entered  hibernation  mode. 
2.    If  memory  size  has  been 
changed,  re-create  the 
hibernation  file. 
Fan  error.  Fan. 
Thermal  sensing  error.  System  board. 
Authentication  of  system 
services  failed.  Press  <Esc>  to 
resume. 
The  Predesktop  Area  in  the 
HDD  is  corrupted.  Restore  it 
from  a  recovery  CD.
  
 
Symptom-to-FRU  index 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  67

--- Page 74 ---
Beep  symptoms 
 
Symptom  or  error  FRU  or  action,  in  sequence 
One  beep  and  a  blank, 
unreadable,  or  flashing  LCD. 
1.    Reseat  the  LCD 
connector. 
2.    LCD  assembly. 
3.    External  CRT. 
4.    System  board. 
One  long  and  two  short  beeps, 
and  a  blank  or  unreadable 
LCD. 
1.    System  board. 
2.    LCD  assembly. 
3.    DIMM. 
Two  short  beeps  with  error 
codes. 
POST  error.  See  “Numeric 
error  codes”  on  page  62. 
Two  short  beeps  and  a  blank 
screen. 
1.    System  board. 
2.    DIMM. 
Three  short  beeps,  pause, 
three  more  short  beeps,  and 
one  short  beep. 
1.    DIMM. 
2.    System  board 
One  short  beep,  pause,  three 
short  beeps,  pause,  three  more 
short  beeps,  and  one  short 
beep. 
Only  the  cursor  appears.  Reinstall  the  operating 
system. 
Four  cycles  of  four  short  beeps 
and  a  blank  screen. 
System  board  (security  chip) 
Five  short  beeps  and  a  blank 
screen. 
System  board
  
No-beep  symptoms 
 
Symptom  or  error  FRU  or  action,  in  sequence 
No  beep,  power-on  indicator 
on,  LCD  blank,  and  no  POST. 
1.    Make  sure  that  every 
connector  is  connected 
tightly  and  correctly. 
2.    DIMM. 
3.    System  board. 
No  beep,  power-on  indicator 
on,  and  LCD  blank  during 
POST. 
1.    Reseat  DIMM. 
2.    System  board. 
The  power-on  password  prompt 
appears. 
A  power-on  password  or  a 
supervisor  password  is  set. 
Type  the  password  and  press 
Enter. 
The  hard-disk  password  prompt 
appears. 
A  hard-disk  password  is  set. 
Type  the  password  and  press 
Enter. 
The  DOS  full  screen  looks 
smaller  than  it  should. 
Start  the  ThinkPad 
Configuration  program  and  set 
the  Screen  expansion 
function.
 
Symptom-to-FRU  index  
68  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 75 ---
LCD-related  symptoms 
 
Important 
The  TFT  LCD  for  the  notebook  computer  contains 
many  thin-film  transistors  (TFTs).  The  presence  of  a 
small  number  of  dots  that  are  missing,  discolored,  or 
always  lighted  is  characteristic  of  TFT  LCD 
technology,  but  excessive  pixel  problems  can  cause 
viewing  concerns.  The  LCD  should  be  replaced  if 
the  number  of  missing,  discolored,  or  lighted  dots  in 
any  background  is: 
v    XGA:  8  or  more  bright  dots,  8  or  more  dark  dots, 
or  a  total  of  9  or  more  bright  and  dark  dots. 
v    SXGA+:  11  or  more  bright  dots,  13  or  more  dark 
dots,  or  a  total  of  16  or  more  bright  and  dark 
dots.
Note:
   A  bright  dot  means  a  pixel  is  always  on 
(white  or  color.)  A  dark  dot  means  a  pixel  is 
always  off  (black  color.) 
 
Symptom  or  error  FRU  or  action,  in  sequence 
No  beep,  power-on  indicator 
on,  and  a  blank  LCD  during 
POST. 
System  board. 
v    LCD  backlight  not  working. 
v    LCD  too  dark. 
v    LCD  brightness  cannot  be 
adjusted. 
v    LCD  contrast  cannot  be 
adjusted. 
1.    Reseat  the  LCD 
connectors. 
2.    LCD  assembly. 
3.    System  board. 
v    LCD  screen  unreadable. 
v    Characters  missing  pixels. 
v    Screen  abnormal. 
v    Wrong  color  displayed. 
1.    See  important  note  for 
“LCD-related  symptoms.” 
2.    Reseat  all  LCD  connectors. 
3.    LCD  assembly. 
4.    System  board. 
Horizontal  or  vertical  lines 
displayed  on  LCD. 
LCD  assembly.
  
 
Symptom-to-FRU  index 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  69

--- Page 76 ---
Intermittent  problems 
Intermittent  system  hang  problems  can  be  due  to  a  variety 
of  causes  that  have  nothing  to  do  with  a  hardware  defect, 
such  as  cosmic  radiation,  electrostatic  discharge,  or 
software  errors.  FRU  replacement  should  be  considered 
only  when  a  problem  recurs. 
When  analyzing  an  intermittent  problem,  do  the  following: 
1.    Run  the  diagnostic  test  for  the  system  board  in  loop 
mode  at  least  10  times. 
2.    If  no  error  is  detected,  do  not  replace  any  FRUs. 
3.    If  any  error  is  detected,  replace  the  FRU  shown  by  the 
FRU  code.  Rerun  the  test  to  verify  that  no  more  errors 
exist.
Undetermined  problems 
If  the  diagnostic  tests  did  not  identify  the  adapter  or  device 
that  has  failed,  if  wrong  devices  are  installed,  or  if  the 
system  simply  is  not  operating,  follow  these  procedures  to 
isolate  the  failing  FRU  (do  not  isolate  FRUs  that  have  no 
defects). 
Verify  that  all  attached  devices  are  supported  by  the 
computer. 
Verify  that  the  power  supply  being  used  at  the  time  of  the 
failure  is  operating  correctly.  (See  “Power  system 
checkout”  on  page  41.) 
1.    Turn  off  the  computer. 
2.    Visually  check  each  FRU  for  damage.  Replace  any 
damaged  FRU. 
3.    Remove  or  disconnect  all  of  the  following  devices: 
a.    Non-ThinkPad  devices 
b.    Devices  attached  to  the  port  replicator 
c.    Printer,  mouse,  and  other  external  devices 
d.    Battery  pack 
e.    Hard  disk  drive 
f.    External  diskette  drive 
g.    DIMM 
h.    CD-ROM  and  diskette  drive  in  the  Ultrabay 
i.    PC  Cards
4.    Turn  on  the  computer. 
5.    Determine  whether  the  problem  has  been  solved. 
6.    If  the  problem  does  not  recur,  reconnect  the  removed 
devices  one  at  a  time  until  you  find  the  failing  FRU. 
7.    If  the  problem  remains,  replace  the  following  FRUs  one 
at  a  time  (do  not  replace  a  nondefective  FRU): 
a.    System  board 
b.    LCD  assembly
Symptom-to-FRU  index  
70  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 77 ---
FRU  replacement  notices 
This  section  contains  notices  related  to  removing  and 
replacing  parts.  Read  this  section  carefully  before  replacing 
any  FRU. 
Screw  notices 
Loose  screws  can  cause  a  reliability  problem.  In  the 
ThinkPad  computer,  this  problem  is  addressed  with  special 
nylon-coated  screws  that  have  the  following  characteristics: 
v    They  maintain  tight  connections. 
v    They  do  not  easily  come  loose,  even  with  shock  or 
vibration. 
v    They  are  harder  to  tighten. 
v    Each  one  should  be  used  only  once.
Do
  the  following  when  you  service  this  machine: 
v    Keep  the  screw  kit  (for  the  P/N,  see  “Miscellaneous 
parts”  on  page  253)  in  your  tool  bag. 
v    Always  use  new  screws. 
v    Use  a  torque  screwdriver  if  you  have  one.
Tighten
  screws  as  follows: 
v    Plastic  to  plastic 
Turn  an  additional  90  degrees  after  the  screw  head 
touches  the  surface  of  the  plastic  part: 
90 degrees more
(Cross-section)
  
  
v    Logic  card  to  plastic 
Turn  an  additional  180  degrees  after  the  screw  head 
touches  the  surface  of  the  logic  card: 
180 degrees more
(Cross-section)
  
  
v    Torque  driver 
If  you  have  a  torque  driver,  refer  to  the  “Torque”  column 
for  each  step. 
FRU  replacement  notices 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  71

--- Page 78 ---
v    Make  sure  that  you  use  the  correct  screw.  If  you  have  a 
torque  screwdriver,  tighten  all  screws  firmly  to  the  torque 
shown  in  the  table.  Never  use  a  screw  that  you 
removed.  Use  a  new  one.  Make  sure  that  all  of  the 
screws  are  tightened  firmly.
Retaining  serial  numbers 
This  section  includes  the  following  descriptions: 
v    “Restoring  the  serial  number  of  the  system  unit” 
v    “Retaining  the  UUID”  on  page  73 
v    “Reading  or  writing  the  ECA  information”  on  page  73
Restoring  the  serial  number  of  the  system 
unit 
When  the  computer  was  manufactured,  the  EEPROM  on 
the  system  board  was  loaded  with  the  serial  numbers  of 
the  system  and  all  major  components.  These  numbers 
need  to  remain  the  same  throughout  the  life  of  the 
computer. 
If  you  replace  the  system  board,  you  must  restore  the 
serial  number  of  the  system  unit  to  its  original  value. 
Before  replacing  the  system  board,  save  the  original  serial 
number  by  doing  the  following: 
1.    Install  the  ThinkPad  Hardware  Maintenance  Diskette 
Version  1.73  or  later,  and  restart  the  computer. 
2.    From  the  main  menu,  select  1.  Set  System 
Identification. 
3.    Select  2.  Read  S/N  data  from  EEPROM. 
The  serial  number  of  each  device  in  your  computer  is 
displayed;  the  serial  number  of  the  system  unit  is  listed  as 
follows: 
   
20:  Serial  number 
Write  down  that  number. 
Note:   The  serial  number  of  the  system  unit  is  also  written 
on  the  label  attached  to  the  bottom  of  the  computer. 
After  you  have  replaced  the  system  board,  restore  the 
serial  number  by  doing  the  following: 
1.    Install  the  ThinkPad  Hardware  Maintenance  Diskette 
Version  1.73  or  later  and  restart  the  computer. 
2.    From  the  main  menu,  select  1.  Set  System 
Identification. 
3.    Select  1.  Add  S/N  data  from  EEPROM. 
Follow  the  instructions  on  the  screen.
FRU  replacement  notices  
72  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 79 ---
Retaining  the  UUID 
The  Universally  Unique  Identifier  (UUID)  is  a  128-bit 
number  uniquely  assigned  to  your  computer  at  production 
and  stored  in  the  EEPROM  of  your  system  board.  The 
algorithm  that  generates  the  number  is  designed  to  provide 
unique  IDs  until  the  year  A.D.  3400.  No  two  computers  in 
the  world  have  the  same  number. 
When  you  replace  the  system  board,  you  must  set  the 
UUID  on  the  new  system  board  as  follows: 
1.    Install  the  ThinkPad  Hardware  Maintenance  Diskette 
Version  1.73  or  later,  and  restart  the  computer. 
2.    From  the  main  menu,  select  4.  Assign  UUID. 
A  new  UUID  is  created  and  written.  If  a  valid  UUID 
already  exists,  it  is  not  overwritten.
Reading  or  writing  the  ECA  information 
Information  on  Engineering  Change  Announcements  (ECA) 
are  stored  in  the  EEPROM  of  the  system  board.  The 
electronic  storage  of  this  information  simplifies  the 
procedure  to  check  if  the  ECA  has  been  previously  applied 
to  a  machine.  The  machine  does  not  need  to  be 
disassembled  to  check  for  the  ECA  application. 
To  check  what  ECAs  have  been  previously  applied  to  the 
machine,  use  the  ECA  Information  Read/Write  function  on 
the  ThinkPad  Hardware  Maintenance  Diskette  Version  1.73 
or  later. 
1.    Insert  the  ThinkPad  Hardware  Maintenance  Diskette 
Version  1.73  or  later,  and  restart  the  computer. 
2.    From  the  main  menu,  select  6.  Set  ECA  Information. 
3.    To  read  ECA  information,  select  2.  Read  ECA/rework 
number  from  EEPROM  and  follow  the  instruction. 
4.    To  read  box  build  date,  select  5.  Read  box  build  date 
from  EEPROM,  and  follow  the  instruction  on  the 
screen. 
After  an  ECA  has  been  applied  to  the  machine,  the 
EEPROM  must  be  updated  to  reflect  the  ECA's 
application.  Use  the  ThinkPad  Hardware  Maintenance 
Diskette  Version  1.73  or  later  to  update  the  EEPROM. 
Note:   Only  the  ECA  number  is  stored  in  the  EEPROM. 
The  machine  type  of  the  ECA  is  assumed  be  the 
same  as  the  machine  type  of  the  machine  that  had 
the  ECA  applied  to  it. 
1.    Insert  the  ThinkPad  Hardware  Maintenance  Diskette 
Version  1.73  or  later,  and  restart  the  computer. 
2.    From  the  main  menu,  select  6.  Set  ECA  Information. 
FRU  replacement  notices 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  73

--- Page 80 ---
3.    To  write  ECA  information,  select  1.  Write  ECA/rework 
number  from  EEPROM,  and  follow  the  instruction. 
4.    To  write  box  build  date,  select  4.  Write  box  build  date 
from  EEPROM,  and  follow  the  instruction  on  the 
screen. 
If  the  system  board  is  being  replaced,  try  to  read  the  ECA 
information  from  the  old  system  board  and  transfer  the 
information  to  the  new  system.  If  the  system  board  is 
inoperable,  this  will  not  be  possible. 
FRU  replacement  notices  
74  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 81 ---
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
This  section  presents  directions  and  drawings  for  use  in 
removing  and  replacing  a  FRU.  Be  sure  to  observe  the 
following  general  rules: 
1.    Do  not  try  to  service  any  computer  unless  you  have 
been  trained  and  certified.  An  untrained  person  runs 
the  risk  of  damaging  parts. 
2.    Before  replacing  any  FRU,  review  “FRU  replacement 
notices”  on  page  71. 
3.    Begin  by  removing  any  FRUs  that  have  to  be  removed 
before  the  failing  FRU.  Any  such  FRUs  are  listed  at  the 
top  of  the  page.  Remove  them  in  the  order  in  which 
they  are  listed. 
4.    Follow  the  correct  sequence  in  the  steps  for  removing 
the  FRU,  as  given  in  the  drawings  by  the  numbers  in 
square  callouts. 
5.    When  turning  a  screw  to  replace  a  FRU,  turn  it  in  the 
direction  as  given  by  the  arrow  in  the  drawing. 
6.    When  removing  the  FRU,  move  it  in  the  direction  as 
given  by  the  arrow  in  the  drawing. 
7.    To  put  the  new  FRU  in  place,  reverse  the  removal 
procedure  and  follow  any  notes  that  pertain  to 
replacement.  For  information  about  connecting  and 
arranging  internal  cables,  see  “Locations”  on  page  153. 
8.    When  replacing  a  FRU,  use  the  correct  screw  as 
shown  in  the  procedures.
DANGER
  
 
 
 
Attention:   After  replacing  a  FRU,  do  not  turn  on  the 
computer  until  you  have  made  sure  that  all  screws, 
springs,  and  other  small  parts  are  in  place  and  none  are 
loose  inside  the  computer.  Verify  this  by  shaking  the 
computer  gently  and  listening  for  rattling  sounds.  Metallic 
parts  or  metal  flakes  can  cause  electrical  short  circuits.
 Attention:   The  system  board  is  sensitive  to,  and  can  be 
damaged  by,  electrostatic  discharge.  Before  touching  it, 
establish  personal  grounding  by  touching  a  ground  point 
with  one  hand  or  by  using  an  electrostatic  discharge  (ESD) 
strap  (P/N  6405959).
Before
  removing  any  FRU,  turn  off  the  computer, 
unplug  all  power  cords  from  electrical  outlets, 
remove  the  battery  pack,  and  then  disconnect  any 
interconnecting  cables. 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  75

--- Page 82 ---
1010  Battery  pack 
DANGER
  
 
 
 
Holding  the  battery  release  lever  in  the  unlocked  position 
1,  remove  the  battery  pack  2. 
2
1
  
 
When  installing:   Install  the  battery  pack  along  the  slide 
rails  on  the  left  and  right  sides  of  the 
battery-pack  slot.  Then  make  sure  that 
the  battery  latch  is  locked.
 
Use  only  the  battery  specified  in  the  parts  list  for 
your  computer.  Any  other  battery  could  ignite  or 
explode. 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
76  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 83 ---
1020  Ultrabay  Enhanced  device  (for  R52 
series) 
 
Note 
Ultrabay  Enhanced  does  not  accept  any  of  the 
following  devices: 
v    Ultrabay  Plus  devices 
v    Ultrabay  2000  devices 
For  devices  compatible  with  the  Ultrabay  Enhanced, 
see  “Optional  FRUs”  on  page  259. 
 When  you  release  the  switch  in  step  1,  the  lever  pops 
out.  In  step  2,  pull  the  lever  a  little  to  release  the  device 
from  the  bay. 
2
1
  
 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  77

--- Page 84 ---
3
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
78  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 85 ---
1030  Hard  disk  drive 
 
Attention 
v    Do  not  drop  the  hard  disk  drive  or  apply  any 
physical  shock  to  it.  The  hard  disk  drive  is 
sensitive  to  physical  shock.  Improper  handling 
can  cause  damage  and  permanent  loss  of  data. 
v    Before  removing  the  drive,  have  the  user  make  a 
backup  copy  of  all  the  information  on  it  if 
possible. 
v    Never  remove  the  drive  while  the  system  is 
operating  or  is  in  suspend  mode.
 For  access,  remove  this  FRU: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  76
1
  
 
Note:   The  hard  disk  is  attached  to  the  cover.
 
Step  Screw  (quantity) 
1  HDD  screw  (1)  or  security  screw  (1) 
Note:  Use  a  2.5-mm  Allen  wrench  to  remove  the  security  screw.
  
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  79

--- Page 86 ---
2
When  installing:   Make  sure  that  the  hard-disk  connector 
is  attached  firmly.
 
3
3
4
  
 
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
80  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 87 ---
1040  DIMM  (optional) 
For  access,  remove  this  FRU: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  76
Note:
   Loosen  the  screw  1,  but  do  not  remove  it.
1
  
 
 
3
2
2
  
 
When  installing:   Insert  the  notched  end  of  the  DIMM  into 
the  socket.  Press  the  DIMM  firmly,  and 
pivot  it  until  it  snaps  into  the  place. 
Make  sure  that  it  is  firmly  fixed  in  the 
slot  and  does  not  move  easily.
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  81

--- Page 88 ---
1050  Keyboard 
For  access,  remove  this  FRU: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  76
1
1a
  
 
Screw  1a  is  only  for  the  models  with  14.1-in.  LCD. 
 
Step  Icon  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
1 
3
 
 
M2  ×  12  mm,  bind-head, 
nylon-coated  (3) 
Black  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm) 
1a  M2  ×  12  mm,  bind-head, 
nylon-coated  (1) 
Black  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm)
  
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
82  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 89 ---
Press  the  part  indicated  by  the  arrow  2  in  the  direction  of 
the  arrow.  This  releases  the  latches  of  the  keyboard  from 
the  frame,  so  that  the  front  side  of  the  keyboard  pops  out. 
2
  
 
 
3
4
  
 
When  installing:   Make  sure  that  the  connector  4  is 
firmly  attached.
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  83

--- Page 90 ---
When  installing: 
1.    Attach  the  connector  1.
1
  
  
2.    Install  the  keyboard  so  that  the  keyboard  edges  are 
under  the  frame.
2
  
 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
84  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 91 ---
3.    To  make  sure  that  the  front  edge  of  the  keyboard  is 
housed  firmly,  gently  press  the  keys  with  your  fingers 
and  try  to  slide  the  keyboard  towards  you. 
3
3
  
  
4.    Make  sure  that  all  the  projections  on  the  front  side  of 
the  keyboard  b  are  firmly  attached  under  the  frame.
b
b
  
  
5.    Secure  the  keyboard  from  the  underside  of  the 
computer,  using  the  new  screws  provided  with  the 
keyboard.
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  85

--- Page 92 ---
1060  Ultrabay  device  (for  R50e  series) 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  76 
v    “1050  Keyboard”  on  page  82 
Holding  the  switch  in  the  direction  of  arrow  1,  and  push 
the  Ultrabay  device  out  from  the  bay  by  using  a 
screwdriver  2  as  in  this  figure.  Then  pull  out  the  Ultrabay 
device  with  your  hand  3. 
2
1
3
  
 
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
86  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 93 ---
1070  DIMM  (standard) 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  76 
v    “1050  Keyboard”  on  page  82
2
1
1
  
 
When  installing:   Insert  the  notched  end  of  the  DIMM  into 
the  socket.  Press  the  DIMM  firmly,  and 
pivot  it  until  it  snaps  into  the  place. 
Make  sure  that  it  is  firmly  fixed  in  the 
slot  and  does  not  move  easily.
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  87

--- Page 94 ---
1080  Modem  daughter  card  (MDC-2) 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  76 
v    “1050  Keyboard”  on  page  82
1
2
1
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
1  M2  ×  12  mm,  bind-head, 
nylon-coated  (2) 
Black  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm)
  
In  step  2,  remove  the  card  by  pulling  the  tab  with  your 
fingers  in  the  direction  of  the  arrow. 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
88  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 95 ---
Turn  the  card  over  3,  and  detach  the  modem  connector 
4. 
3
4
  
 
When  installing:   Make  sure  that  connector  4  and  the 
connector  on  the  underside  of  the  card 
are  firmly  attached.  Then  place  the 
cable  to  fit  in  the  cable  guide  as  in  the 
figure.
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  89

--- Page 96 ---
1090  Bluetooth/Modem  daughter  card 
(BMDC-3)  (for  R52  series) 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  76 
v    “1050  Keyboard”  on  page  82
1
2
1
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
1  M2  ×  12  mm,  bind-head, 
nylon-coated  (2) 
Black  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm)
  
In  step  2,  remove  the  card  by  pulling  the  tab  with  your 
fingers  in  the  direction  of  the  arrow. 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
90  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 97 ---
Turn  the  card  over  3,  and  detach  the  modem  connector 
4.  If  the  Bluetooth  wireless  antenna  jack  has  a  tab 
marked  ″BT″,  unplug  the  jack  by  pulling  the  tab  with  your 
fingers.  If  the  antenna  jack  does  not  have  the  tab,  unplug 
the  jack  by  using  the  removal  tool  antenna  RF  connector 
(P/N:  08K7159)  or  pick  the  connetor  with  your  fingers  and 
gently  unplug  it  in  direction  of  the  arrow  5. 
4
5
3
  
 
When  installing:   Make  sure  that  connector  4,  the  jack 
5,  and  the  connector  on  the  underside 
of  the  card  are  firmly  attached.  Then 
place  the  cable  to  fit  in  the  cable  guide 
as  in  the  figure.
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  91

--- Page 98 ---
1100  Keyboard  bezel 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  76 
v    “1050  Keyboard”  on  page  82
2
2
1
1
1
2
2a
2
2
2
1
  
 
Screw  2a  is  only  for  the  models  with  15.0-in.  LCD. 
 
Step  Icon  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
1 
1
 
 
M2  ×  3  mm,  small-head, 
nylon-coated  (3) 
Silver  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm) 
2 
2
 
 
M2  ×  6  mm,  bind-head, 
nylon-coated  (4) 
Black  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm) 
2a  M2  ×  6  mm,  bind-head, 
nylon-coated  (1) 
Black  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm)
  
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
92  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 99 ---
5
4
3
4
3
3
3
3
5
4
4
Step  Icon  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
3 
3
 
 
M2  ×  12  mm,  bind-head, 
nylon-coated  (3) 
Silver  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm) 
4 
4
 
 
M2  ×  12  mm,  bind-head, 
nylon-coated  (2) 
Silver  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm) 
5 
5
 
 
M2  ×  18.9  mm,  special 
(1) 
Silver  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm)
  
6
7
  
 
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  93

--- Page 100 ---
When  installing: 
1.    Place  the  keyboard  bezel  so  that  the  three  latches  are 
fixed  in  place  1.
1
  
 
While  inserting  the  three  latches,  align  the  top-left 
corner  of  the  keyboard  bezel  as  in  figure  a.
a
  
 
(continued) 
2.    Press  the  left  edges  2  and  the  front  edges  3  of  the 
keyboard  bezel  until  the  latches  are  snapped.
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
94  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 101 ---
3
3
2
2
3.    Secure  the  keyboard  bezel  from  the  underside  of  the 
computer  with  the  screws.
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  95

--- Page 102 ---
1110  Touch  pad  and  Fingerprint  reader 
(for  R52  series) 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  76 
v    “1030  Hard  disk  drive”  on  page  79 
v    “1050  Keyboard”  on  page  82 
v    “1100  Keyboard  bezel”  on  page  92
1
2
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
1  M2  ×  5  mm,  flat-head, 
nylon-coated  (4) 
Silver  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm)
  
Note:   The  fingerprint  reader  is  connected  to  the  touch  pad 
assembly. 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
96  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 103 ---
After  removing  the  metal  plate  in  step  2,  flip  up  the  touch 
pad  buttons  3  and  detach  it  4. 
3
4
4
  
 
Remove  the  metal  plate  in  step  5  in  order  to  remove  the 
touchpad  assembly. 
6
5
  
 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  97

--- Page 104 ---
Slide  out  the  metal  plate  7  securing  the  fingerprint  reader 
before  removing  it. 
7
8
  
 
When  installing:   Make  sure  that  the  connectors  are  firmly 
attached  to  the  touch  pad.
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
98  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 105 ---
1120  Mini  PCI  adapter 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  76 
v    “1030  Hard  disk  drive”  on  page  79 
v    “1050  Keyboard”  on  page  82 
v    “1100  Keyboard  bezel”  on  page  92
1
1
2
  
 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  99

--- Page 106 ---
If  the  wireless  antenna  jacks  have  tabs  marked  ″MAIN″  or 
″AUX″,  unplug  the  jacks  by  pulling  the  tabs  with  your 
fingers.  If  the  antenna  jacks  do  not  have  the  tabs,  unplug 
the  jacks  by  using  the  removal  tool  antenna  RF  connector 
(P/N:  08K7159)  or  pick  the  connectors  with  your  fingers 
and  gently  unplug  it  in  direction  of  the  arrow  3. 
4
3
3
  
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
100  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 107 ---
When  installing:   Plug  in  the  wireless  antenna  cable  as 
follows: 
Intel  PRO/Wireless  LAN  2100  3B  Mini  PCI  Adapter  or 
Intel  PRO  Wireless  2200BG  Mini-PCI  Adapter 
In  case  of  the  antenna  jacks  have  the  tabs,  plug  the  gray 
antenna  cable  with  the  tab  marked  MAIN  into  jack  M,  and 
the  black  antenna  cable  with  the  tab  marked  AUX  into  jack 
A. 
In  case  of  the  antenna  jacks  do  not  have  the  tabs,  plug  the 
gray  cable  to  jack  M,  and  the  black  cable  to  jack  A. 
Main
Aux.
  
 
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  101

--- Page 108 ---
ThinkPad  11a/b/g  Wireless  LAN  Mini  PCI  Adapter, 
ThinkPad  11b/g  Wireless  LAN  Mini  PCI  Adapter 
In  case  of  the  antenna  jacks  have  the  tabs,  plug  the  gray 
antenna  cable  with  the  tab  marked  MAIN  into  jack  MAIN, 
and  the  black  antenna  cable  with  the  tab  marked  AUX  into 
jack  AUX. 
In  case  of  the  antenna  jacks  do  not  have  the  tabs,  plug  the 
gray  cable  to  jack  MAIN,  and  the  black  cable  to  jack  AUX. 
MAIN
AUX
  
 
Insert  the  notched  end  of  the  card  into  the  socket,  and 
then  press  the  card  firmly.  Pivot  the  card  until  it  snaps  into 
place.  Make  sure  that  it  is  firmly  fixed  in  the  slot  and  does 
not  move  easily. 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
102  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 109 ---
1130  Fan  assembly 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  76 
v    “1030  Hard  disk  drive”  on  page  79 
v    “1050  Keyboard”  on  page  82 
v    “1100  Keyboard  bezel”  on  page  92
3
1
2
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
1  M2  ×  10  mm,  flat-head, 
nylon-coated  (3) 
Black  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm)
  
When  installing:  
1.    Make  sure  that  the  connector  3  is  firmly  attached. 
2.    Apply  thermal  grease  on  the  part  marked  a  in  this 
figure.
a
  
 
(Bottom  view  of  the  fan  assembly) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  103

--- Page 110 ---
1140  CPU 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  76 
v    “1030  Hard  disk  drive”  on  page  79 
v    “1050  Keyboard”  on  page  82 
v    “1100  Keyboard  bezel”  on  page  92 
v    “1130  Fan  assembly”  on  page  103 
Rotate  the  head  of  the  screw  in  the  direction  of  arrow  1 
to  release  the  lock;  then  remove  the  CPU  2. 
2
1
b
a
  
 
When  installing:   Place  the  CPU  on  the  CPU  socket  a, 
and  then  rotate  the  head  of  the  screw  in 
the  direction  of  arrow  b  to  secure  the 
CPU.
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
104  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 111 ---
1150  Backup  battery 
DANGER
  
 
 
 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  76 
v    “1030  Hard  disk  drive”  on  page  79 
v    “1050  Keyboard”  on  page  82 
v    “1100  Keyboard  bezel”  on  page  92
1
2
  
 
When  installing:   Make  sure  that  the  battery  connector 
2  is  firmly  attached.
 
Use  only  the  battery  specified  in  the  parts  list  for 
your  computer.  Any  other  battery  could  ignite  or 
explode. 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  105

--- Page 112 ---
1160  Speaker  assembly 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  76 
v    “1030  Hard  disk  drive”  on  page  79 
v    “1050  Keyboard”  on  page  82 
v    “1100  Keyboard  bezel”  on  page  92
1
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
1  M2  ×  12  mm,  bind-head, 
nylon-coated  (2) 
Black  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm)
  
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
106  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 113 ---
In  step  3,  release  the  speaker  cables  from  the  cable 
guide  a. 
3
2
a
  
 
When  installing:   Make  sure  that  the  connector  3  is 
firmly  attached.  Then  route  the  cable  as 
in  a.
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  107

--- Page 114 ---
1170  IEEE  1394  (for  R52  series) 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  76 
v    “1030  Hard  disk  drive”  on  page  79 
v    “1050  Keyboard”  on  page  82 
v    “1100  Keyboard  bezel”  on  page  92 
v    “1160  Speaker  assembly”  on  page  106
 
 
Note 
Some  models  do  not  have  the  IEEE  1394  cable.
1
2
3
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
1  M2  ×  12  mm,  bind-head, 
nylon-coated  (1) 
Black  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm)
  
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
108  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 115 ---
4
5
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
4  M2  ×  6  mm,  bind-head, 
nylon-coated  (1) 
Black  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm)
  
Before  remove  the  IEEE  1394  cable,  remove  bracket 
structure  5. 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  109

--- Page 116 ---
7
6
Remove  the  connector  6.  And  strip  the  tape  securing  the 
IEEE  1394  cable  to  the  PC  Card  slot  and  remove  the  IEEE 
1394  cable  7. 
When  installing:   Make  sure  that  the  connector  6  is 
firmly  attached  to  the  system  board.
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
110  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 117 ---
1180  PC  Card  slot  assembly 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  76 
v    “1030  Hard  disk  drive”  on  page  79 
v    “1050  Keyboard”  on  page  82 
v    “1100  Keyboard  bezel”  on  page  92 
v    “1160  Speaker  assembly”  on  page  106 
v    “1170  IEEE  1394  (for  R52  series)”  on  page  108
1
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
1  M2  ×  4  mm,  flat-head, 
nylon-coated  (2) 
Black  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm)
  
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  111

--- Page 118 ---
Note:   Step  2  to  step  7  are  only  for  R50e  series.
2
3
4
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
2  M2  ×  12  mm,  bind-head, 
nylon-coated  (1) 
Black  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm)
  
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
112  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 119 ---
7
5
6
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
5  M2  ×  6  mm,  bind-head, 
nylon-coated  (1) 
Black  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm) 
7  M2  ×  6  mm,  bind-head, 
nylon-coated  (1) 
Black  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm)
  
8
  
 
When  installing:   Make  sure  that  the  connector  8  is 
firmly  attached  to  the  system  board. 
Then,  secure  the  screws  from  the 
underside  of  the  computer.
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  113

--- Page 120 ---
1190  Ultrabay  Enhanced  shield  kit 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  76 
v    “1020  Ultrabay  Enhanced  device  (for  R52  series)”  on 
page  77 
v    “1030  Hard  disk  drive”  on  page  79 
v    “1050  Keyboard”  on  page  82 
v    “1060  Ultrabay  device  (for  R50e  series)”  on  page  86 
v    “1080  Modem  daughter  card  (MDC-2)”  on  page  88 
v    “1090  Bluetooth/Modem  daughter  card  (BMDC-3)  (for 
R52  series)”  on  page  90 
v    “1100  Keyboard  bezel”  on  page  92 
v    “1160  Speaker  assembly”  on  page  106 
v    “1170  IEEE  1394  (for  R52  series)”  on  page  108
Note:
   Step  1  is  only  for  the  models  with  15.0-in.  LCD. 
For  the  other  models,  skip  this  step.
1
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
1  M2  ×  12  mm,  bind-head, 
nylon-coated  (1) 
Black  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm)
  
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
114  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 121 ---
Remove  EMI  spring  for  the  CDC  a  before  removing  the 
Ultrabay  Enhanced  shield  kit. 
3
2
a
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
2  M2  ×  12  mm,  bind-head, 
nylon-coated  (1) 
Black  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm)
  
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  115

--- Page 122 ---
For  wireless  models,  release  the  antenna  cables  from  the 
cable  guide  4.  For  the  other  models,  skip  this  step. 
4
4
a
b
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
  
 
When  installing:   Make  sure  that  the  antenna  cables  and 
the  two  ferrite  cores  a  and  b  (with 
sponge)  are  correctly  routed  and 
securely  in  place. 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
116  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 123 ---
Remove  the  cable  guide  b. 
6
5
5
b
  
 
When  installing:   Make  sure  that  the  connectors  5  are 
firmly  attached. 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  117

--- Page 124 ---
Note:   Shape  of  the  bracket  might  be  different  from  the 
models.
7
8
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
7  M2  ×  12  mm,  bind-head, 
nylon-coated  (2) 
Black  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm)
  
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
118  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 125 ---
10
9
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
9  M2  ×  12  mm,  bind-head, 
nylon-coated  (1) 
Black  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm)
  
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  119

--- Page 126 ---
11
11
12
13
14
Screws  11  are  only  for  the  models  with  15.0-in.  LCD.  For 
the  other  models,  skip  the  step. 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
11  M2  ×  10  mm,  flat-head, 
nylon-coated  (4) 
Black  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm) 
12  M2  ×  3  mm,  small-head, 
nylon-coated  (2) 
Black  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm) 
13  M2  ×  6  mm,  bind-head, 
nylon-coated  (1) 
Black  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm)
  
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
120  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 127 ---
1200  LCD  assembly 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  76 
v    “1020  Ultrabay  Enhanced  device  (for  R52  series)”  on 
page  77 
v    “1050  Keyboard”  on  page  82 
v    “1060  Ultrabay  device  (for  R50e  series)”  on  page  86 
v    “1080  Modem  daughter  card  (MDC-2)”  on  page  88 
v    “1090  Bluetooth/Modem  daughter  card  (BMDC-3)  (for 
R52  series)”  on  page  90 
v    “1100  Keyboard  bezel”  on  page  92 
v    “1120  Mini  PCI  adapter”  on  page  99 
v    “1190  Ultrabay  Enhanced  shield  kit”  on  page  114
1
1
1
1
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
1  M2.5  ×  4.8  mm,  bind-head, 
nylon-coated  (4) 
Black  0.392  Nm
(4
  kgfcm)
  
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  121

--- Page 128 ---
2
3
4
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
2  M2  ×  12  mm,  bind-head, 
nylon-coated  (1) 
Black  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm)
  
When  installing:   Make  sure  that  the  connector  4  and 
the  LCD  cable  retainer  3  are  firmly 
attached,  and  then  secure  them  with  the 
screw. 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
122  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 129 ---
7
5
6
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
5  M2  ×  6  mm,  bind-head, 
nylon-coated  (1) 
Black  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm) 
7  M2  ×  6  mm,  bind-head, 
nylon-coated  (1) 
Black  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm)
  
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  123

--- Page 130 ---
Note:   Some  models  may  not  have  the  wireless  LAN 
antenna  cables.
8
8
  
 
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
124  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 131 ---
1210  VGA  and  Ultrabay  Enhanced 
device  eject  button  cable 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  76 
v    “1020  Ultrabay  Enhanced  device  (for  R52  series)”  on 
page  77 
v    “1050  Keyboard”  on  page  82 
v    “1060  Ultrabay  device  (for  R50e  series)”  on  page  86 
v    “1080  Modem  daughter  card  (MDC-2)”  on  page  88 
v    “1090  Bluetooth/Modem  daughter  card  (BMDC-3)  (for 
R52  series)”  on  page  90 
v    “1100  Keyboard  bezel”  on  page  92 
v    “1120  Mini  PCI  adapter”  on  page  99 
v    “1190  Ultrabay  Enhanced  shield  kit”  on  page  114 
v    “1200  LCD  assembly”  on  page  121
1
2
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
2  M2  ×  4  mm,  flat-head, 
nylon-coated  (1) 
Black  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm)
  
When  installing:   Make  sure  that  the  connector  1  is 
firmly  attached. 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  125

--- Page 132 ---
3
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
126  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 133 ---
VGA  and  Ultrabay  Enhanced  device  eject  button  cable  is 
attached  to  S-Video  gasket  a.  When  re-installing  the 
cable,  attach  the  cable  as  shown  in  figure  b. 
4
4
b
a
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
4  Hex  stud  (2)  Silver  0.392  Nm
(4
  kgfcm)
  
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  127

--- Page 134 ---
1220  System  board,  interposer  card, 
and  base  cover 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs,  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  76 
v    “1020  Ultrabay  Enhanced  device  (for  R52  series)”  on 
page  77 
v    “1030  Hard  disk  drive”  on  page  79 
v    “1040  DIMM  (optional)”  on  page  81 
v    “1050  Keyboard”  on  page  82 
v    “1060  Ultrabay  device  (for  R50e  series)”  on  page  86 
v    “1070  DIMM  (standard)”  on  page  87 
v    “1080  Modem  daughter  card  (MDC-2)”  on  page  88 
v    “1090  Bluetooth/Modem  daughter  card  (BMDC-3)  (for 
R52  series)”  on  page  90 
v    “1100  Keyboard  bezel”  on  page  92 
v    “1120  Mini  PCI  adapter”  on  page  99 
v    “1130  Fan  assembly”  on  page  103 
v    “1140  CPU”  on  page  104 
v    “1150  Backup  battery”  on  page  105 
v    “1160  Speaker  assembly”  on  page  106 
v    “1180  PC  Card  slot  assembly”  on  page  111 
v    “1190  Ultrabay  Enhanced  shield  kit”  on  page  114 
v    “1200  LCD  assembly”  on  page  121 
v    “1210  VGA  and  Ultrabay  Enhanced  device  eject  button 
cable”  on  page  125 
Important  notice  for  handling  the  system  board  in  R52 
series: 
Security  chip  a  is  soldered  on  the  underside  of  the 
system  board  in  some  models  as  in  this  figure. 
a
  
 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
128  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 135 ---
An  accelerometer  chip  for  the  HDD  Active  Protection 
System  b  is  also  soldered  on  the  topside  of  the  system 
board. 
b
  
 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  129

--- Page 136 ---
Important 
When  handling  the  system  board,  bear  the  following 
in  mind. 
v    The  system  board  of  the  ThinkPad  R50e  and  R52 
series  has  an  accelerometer,  which  can  be 
broken  by  applying  several  thousands  of 
G-forces.
Note:   Dropping  a  system  board  from  a  height  of 
as  little  as  6  inches  so  that  it  falls  flat  on  a 
hard  bench  can  subject  the  accelerometer 
to  as  much  as  6,000  G’s  of  shock. 
v    Be  careful  not  to  drop  the  system  board  on  a 
bench  top  that  has  a  hard  surface,  such  as  metal, 
wood,  or  composite. 
v    If  a  system  board  is  dropped,  you  must  test  it, 
using  PC-Doctor  for  DOS,  to  make  sure  that  the 
HDD  Active  Protection  still  functions  (see  below).
Note:
   If  the  test  shows  that  HDD  Active 
Protection  is  not  functioning,  be  sure  to 
document  the  drop  in  any  reject  report, 
and  replace  the  system  board. 
v    Avoid  rough  handling  of  any  kind. 
v    At  every  point  in  the  process,  be  sure  not  to  drop 
or  stack  the  system  board. 
v    If  you  put  a  system  board  down,  be  sure  to  put  it 
only  on  a  padded  surface  such  as  an  ESD  mat  or 
conductive  corrugated  material. 
After  replacing  the  system  board,  run  PC-Doctor  for 
DOS  to  make  sure  that  HDD  Active  Protection  still 
functions.  The  procedure  is  as  follows: 
1.    Place  the  computer  on  a  horizontal  surface. 
2.    Run  Diagnostics  -->  ThinkPad  Devices  --> 
HDD  Active  Protection  Test.
 Attention:   Do  not  apply  physical  shock  to  the 
computer  while  the  test  is  running.
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
130  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 137 ---
2
1
3
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
1  M2.5  ×  4.8  mm,  flat-head, 
nylon-coated  (1) 
Silver  0.392  Nm
(4
  kgfcm) 
2  M2  ×  4  mm,  flat-head, 
nylon-coated  (2) 
Black  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm) 
3  M2  ×  12  mm,  bind-head, 
nylon-coated  (1) 
Black  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm)
  
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  131

--- Page 138 ---
4
When  installing:   Make  sure  that  the  all  the  guide  holes  of 
the  system  board  are  firmly  attached  to 
the  base  cover. 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
132  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 139 ---
Remove  the  connector  bracket  from  the  system  board  by 
removing  screws  5  and  6.  Then  remove  the  ac 
connector  from  the  system  board  by  disconnecting  the 
cables  7.  Step  8  is  only  for  the  models  with  15.0-in. 
LCD  models.  Other  models  do  not  have  the  interposer 
card. 
5
5
6
7
8
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
5  Hex  stud  (2)  Silver  0.392  Nm
(4
  kgfcm) 
6  M2.5  ×  3  mm,  flat-head, 
nylon-coated  (1) 
Black  0.392  Nm
(4
  kgfcm)
  
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  133

--- Page 140 ---
Note  for  sticking  a  label  kit  on  the  base  cover 
New  base  cover  FRU  is  shipped  with  several  kinds 
of  label  kit.  When  you  replace  the  base  cover,  you 
need  to  stick  a  homologation  label  a  which  has 
the  same  part  no.  with  the  label  on  the  old  base 
cover  (defective  FRU)  on  the  new  base  cover. 
In  some  models,  you  also  need  to  stick  one  or  two 
FCC  labels  b.  Check  the  old  base  cover  and  if 
there  is  one  or  two  FCC  leabels  on  it,  find  the  same 
one  from  the  label  kit  and  stick  it  on  the  new  base 
cover. 
Stick  the  labels  on  the  new  base  cover  as  shown  in 
this  figure. 
a
b
b
  
 
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
134  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 141 ---
2010  LCD  front  bezel 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  76 
v    “1020  Ultrabay  Enhanced  device  (for  R52  series)”  on 
page  77 
v    “1030  Hard  disk  drive”  on  page  79 
v    “1050  Keyboard”  on  page  82 
v    “1060  Ultrabay  device  (for  R50e  series)”  on  page  86 
v    “1080  Modem  daughter  card  (MDC-2)”  on  page  88 
v    “1090  Bluetooth/Modem  daughter  card  (BMDC-3)  (for 
R52  series)”  on  page  90 
v    “1100  Keyboard  bezel”  on  page  92 
v    “1120  Mini  PCI  adapter”  on  page  99 
v    “1190  Ultrabay  Enhanced  shield  kit”  on  page  114 
v    “1200  LCD  assembly”  on  page  121
Note:   Some  models  may  not  have  the  wireless  LAN 
antenna  cables.
1
1
1
  
 
 
Step  Screw 
cap 
Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
1 
 
 
M2.5  ×  4.8  mm, 
bind-head,  nylon-coated 
(3) 
Black  0.392  Nm
(4
  kgfcm)
  
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  135

--- Page 142 ---
3
2
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
136  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 143 ---
2020  Inverter  card 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  76 
v    “1020  Ultrabay  Enhanced  device  (for  R52  series)”  on 
page  77 
v    “1030  Hard  disk  drive”  on  page  79 
v    “1050  Keyboard”  on  page  82 
v    “1060  Ultrabay  device  (for  R50e  series)”  on  page  86 
v    “1080  Modem  daughter  card  (MDC-2)”  on  page  88 
v    “1090  Bluetooth/Modem  daughter  card  (BMDC-3)  (for 
R52  series)”  on  page  90 
v    “1100  Keyboard  bezel”  on  page  92 
v    “1120  Mini  PCI  adapter”  on  page  99 
v    “1190  Ultrabay  Enhanced  shield  kit”  on  page  114 
v    “1200  LCD  assembly”  on  page  121 
v    “2010  LCD  front  bezel”  on  page  135
Note:
   Some  models  may  not  have  the  wireless  LAN 
antenna  cables.
1
2
3
  
 
When  installing:   Make  sure  that  connectors  2  and  3 
are  firmly  attached.
Cable
  routing:   When  replacing  the  inverter  card,  route 
the  connector  cable  as  in  this  figure:
  
 
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  137

--- Page 144 ---
2030  LCD  panel,  LCD  cable  assembly, 
wireless  LAN  antenna  assembly, 
hinges,  and  LCD  cover 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  76 
v    “1020  Ultrabay  Enhanced  device  (for  R52  series)”  on 
page  77 
v    “1030  Hard  disk  drive”  on  page  79 
v    “1050  Keyboard”  on  page  82 
v    “1060  Ultrabay  device  (for  R50e  series)”  on  page  86 
v    “1080  Modem  daughter  card  (MDC-2)”  on  page  88 
v    “1090  Bluetooth/Modem  daughter  card  (BMDC-3)  (for 
R52  series)”  on  page  90 
v    “1100  Keyboard  bezel”  on  page  92 
v    “1120  Mini  PCI  adapter”  on  page  99 
v    “1190  Ultrabay  Enhanced  shield  kit”  on  page  114 
v    “1200  LCD  assembly”  on  page  121 
v    “2010  LCD  front  bezel”  on  page  135 
v    “2020  Inverter  card”  on  page  137
Note:
   Some  models  may  not  have  the  wireless  LAN 
antenna  cables. 
Before  removing  the  LCD  panel,  remove  the  left  latch  first. 
In  step  1,  unlatch  the  latch  bar  as  in  this  figure. 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
138  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 145 ---
1
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  139

--- Page 146 ---
Lift  the  latch  bar  in  the  direction  of  the  arrow  2,  and  then 
remove  the  left  latch  in  the  direction  of  the  arrow  3. 
3
2
  
 
When  installing:   Attach  the  left  latch  to  the  LCD  cover  as 
in  this  figure.
1
2
  
 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
140  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 147 ---
Note:   Some  models  may  not  have  screw  4.
5a
5
5
5
5
5a
4
  
 
 
Step  Screw 
cap 
Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
4  —  M2.5  ×  4.8  mm, 
bind-head,  nylon-coated 
(1) 
Black  0.392  Nm
(4
  kgfcm) 
5 
 
 
M2  ×  4  mm,  bind-head, 
nylon-coated  (4) 
Black  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm) 
5a 
 
 
M2  ×  4  mm,  bind-head, 
nylon-coated  (2) 
Black  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm)
  
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  141

--- Page 148 ---
Note:   Steps  6  and  7  are  only  for  the  models  with 
15.0-in.  SXGA+  LCD.  For  the  other  models,  skip 
steps  6  and  7.
10
9
7
6
11
6
8
12
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
6  M2  ×  4  mm,  bind-head, 
nylon-coated  (2) 
Black  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm)
  
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
142  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 149 ---
Remove  the  antenna  assembly  (a). 
13
14
a
15
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
14  M2  ×  3  mm,  small-head, 
nylon-coated  (2) 
Silver  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm)
  
Remove  the  hinges  (b)  from  the  LCD  assembly. 
17
17
b
b
16
16
16
16
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
16  M2  ×  3  mm,  small-head, 
nylon-coated  (4) 
Silver  0.245  Nm
(2.5
  kgfcm)
  
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  143

--- Page 150 ---
Turn  over  the  LCD  panel  and  strip  off  the  tape  18 
securing  the  FPC  (c).  Then  detach  the  connector  19  in 
the  direction  of  the  arrow. 
18
19
c
  
 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
144  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 151 ---
Remove  the  right  latch  from  the  LCD  cover. 
20
21
  
 
When  installing:   Attach  the  right  latch  to  the  LCD  cover 
as  in  this  figure.
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  145

--- Page 152 ---
1
2
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
146  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 153 ---
Routing  the  cables  of  the  wireless  LAN  antenna  (only 
for  the  wireless  models): 
1.    Place  the  wireless  LAN  antennas  a  and  b,  and  the 
Bluetooth  wireless  antenna  c  under  the  LCD  panel.
a
b
c
  
  
2.    Route  the  antenna  cables  as  in  the  following  drawings:
d
  
 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  147

--- Page 154 ---
3.    Route  the  cables  as  in  the  figure  below.
e
e
  
 
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
148  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 155 ---
3010  ThinkPad  Dock  II  PCI  cover 
1
2
1
  
 
(Bottom  view) 
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  149

--- Page 156 ---
3020  ThinkPad  Dock  II  top  cover 
1
1
1
  
 
(Rear  view) 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Torque 
1  M2.5  ×  4.8  mm  (3)  0.392  Nm 
(4  kgfcm)
  
2
2
2
2
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Torque 
2  M2.5  ×  4.8  mm  (4)  0.392  Nm 
(4  kgfcm)
  
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
150  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 157 ---
3
3
(Bottom  view) 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Torque 
3  M2.5  ×  4.8  mm  (6)  0.392  Nm 
(4  kgfcm)
  
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  151

--- Page 158 ---
Make  sure  that  the  system  lock  key  A  is  set  to  the 
Unlock  position.  Release  the  front  latches  in  step  4,  and 
then  remove  the  top  cover  5.  Then  detach  the  connector 
cable  6  as  in  the  figure. 
4
5
A
  
 
6
  
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  
152  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 159 ---
Locations 
Front  view  (for  R50e) 
1  Wireless  status  indicator  (for  some  models) 
2  System  and  power  status  indicators 
3  External  monitor  connector 
4  Ultrabay  Enhanced  latch 
5  Ultrabay  Enhanced 
6  TrackPoint  buttons 
7  TrackPoint  pointing  stick 
8  Access  IBM  button 
9  Volume  control  buttons 
10  Power  switch 
11  ThinkLight
3
45
7
6
8
9
11
R
2
1
10
  
 
 
Locations 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  153

--- Page 160 ---
Rear  view  (for  R50e) 
 
1  Power  status  indicators 
2  PC  Card  eject  button 
3  PC  Card  slot 
4  Microphone  jack 
5  Stereo  headphone  jack 
6  RJ-45  (Ethernet)  connector 
7  RJ-11  (modem)  connector 
8  Universal  serial  bus  (USB)  connectors 
9  Security  keyhole 
10  Parallel  connector 
11  AC  power  connector
9
8
10
7
11
6
5
4
3
2
R
1
  
 
 
Locations  
154  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 161 ---
Bottom  view  (for  R50e) 
 
1  Hard  disk  drive 
2  Battery  pack 
3  Optional  DIMM  slot 
4  Battery  pack  latch 
5  Built-in  monaural  speaker 
6  LCD  latch
2
1
6
5
3
4
  
 
 
Locations 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  155

--- Page 162 ---
Front  view  (for  R52) 
 
1  Wireless  status  indicator 
2  Bluetooth  wireless  status  indicator  (for  some 
models) 
3  System  and  power  status  indicators 
4  External  monitor  connector 
5  Ultrabay  Enhanced  status  indicator 
6  Ultrabay  Enhanced  latch 
7  Ultrabay  Enhanced  device  eject  lever 
8  Ultrabay  Enhanced 
9  TrackPoint  pointing  stick 
10  TrackPoint  buttons 
11  Touch  pad  buttons 
12  Touch  pad 
13  UltraNav 
14  Access  IBM  button 
15  Volume  control  buttons 
16  Power  switch 
17  ThinkLight
Locations  
156  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 163 ---
45678
14
9
10
11
12
13
15
16
17
R
1 2 3
Locations 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  157

--- Page 164 ---
Rear  view  (for  R52) 
 
1  Bluetooth  wireless  status  indicator  (for  some 
models) 
2  Power  status  indicators 
3  PC  Card  eject  button  or  PC  Card/ExpressCard 
eject  buttons  (for  some  models) 
4  PC  Card  slot  or  PC  Card/ExpressCard  slots  (for 
some  models) 
5  IEEE  1394  connector  (for  some  models) 
6  Microphone  jack 
7  Stereo  headphone  jack 
8  RJ-45  (Ethernet)  connector 
9  RJ-11  (modem)  connector 
10  TV-out  connector 
11  Universal  serial  bus  (USB)  connectors 
12  Security  keyhole 
13  Parallel  connector 
14  AC  power  connector
12
11
13
9
10
14
8
7
6
5
4
3
R
1
2
  
 
 
Locations  
158  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 165 ---
Bottom  view  (for  R52) 
 
1  Hard  disk  drive 
2  Optional  DIMM  slot 
3  Battery  pack 
4  Docking  connector 
5  Battery  pack  latch 
6  Infrared  port 
7  Built-in  stereo  speakers 
8  LCD  latch
3
1
8
7
6
2
4
5
  
 
Locations 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  159

--- Page 166 ---
Parts  list 
Overall 
1
2
3
e
c
4
7
6
5
6
9
8
11
10
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
12
f
g
a
b
h
j
i
22
23
d
  
 
 
Parts  list  
160  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 167 ---
v    Each  FRU  is  available  for  all  types  or  models,  unless 
specific  types  or  models  are  specified. 
v    A  CRU  (customer  replaceable  unit)  is  identified  by  a 
single  asterisk  (*)  or  two  asterisks  (**)  in  the  CRU  ID 
column.  An  N  in  the  CRU  ID  column  means  the  part  is 
not  a  CRU.  A  single  asterisk  (*)  means  the  part  is  a  Tier 
1  CRU;  two  asterisks  (**)  means  the  part  is  a  Tier  2 
CRU. 
v    FRUs  marked  with  OP  are  available  as  options. 
v    FRUs  marked  with  R  are  RoHS  compliant.
 
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
a-  j  See  “Miscellaneous  parts”  on  page  253. 
1  LCD  unit  (see  “LCD  FRUs”  on  page  220).  N 
2  Keyboard  bezel  assembly,  14.1  (for 
R50e,  R51e) 
v    1834-Kxx,  Lxx,  Q4x,  Q5x,  Q8x,  Q9x, 
QBx,  QCx 
v    1843-22x,  23x,  2Fx,  2Gx,  2Hx,  2Jx, 
2Kx,  2Lx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  2Qx,  2Rx, 
2Sx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  2Wx,  2Xx,  2Yx, 
2Zx,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x, 
38x,  39x,  3Ax,  3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex, 
3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx,  3Mx, 
5Lx 
v    1844-5Fx,  5Jx 
13N5581  N 
Keyboard  bezel  assembly,  15.0  (for 
R50e,  R51e) 
v    1834-Mxx,  Q2x,  Q3x,  Q6x,  Q7x,  QAx, 
Rxx,  Sxx 
v    1842-Mxx,  Qxx 
v    1843-24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x, 
2Ax,  2Bx,  2Cx,  2Dx,  2Ex,  3Nx,  3Px, 
3Qx,  3Rx,  3Sx,  3Tx,  3Ux,  3Vx,  3Wx, 
3Xx,  3Yx,  3Zx,  4xx,  5xx 
v    1844-5Gx,  5Hx 
v    1845-5Kx 
13N5584  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  161

--- Page 168 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
2  Keyboard  bezel  with  touchpad  assembly, 
14.1  WW  (for  R52) 
v    1846-CTO,  2xx,  5xx 
v    1847-CTO,  2xx 
v    1848-CTO,  2xx 
v    1849-CTO,  5xx 
v    1850-CTO,  2xx 
v    1870-CTO,  2xx 
v    1846-84x,  85x,  86x.  87x,  88x,  89x 
v    1847-82x,  8Ex 
v    1848-82x 
v    1858-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1859-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1860-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1861-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1862-CTO,  2xx 
v    1863-CTO,  2xx 
v    1858-92x,  93x,  95x,  97x,  98x,  99x, 
9Bx,  9Dx,  9Ex,  CCx 
v    1859-B6x 
v    1860-BPx,  BRx,  BSx,  C6x,  C7x,  C8x 
v    1861-C6x,  C7x,  C8x 
91P8745  N 
Keyboard  bezel  with  touchpad  assembly, 
14.1  FPR  (for  R52) 
v    1846-CTO,  8Ax,  8Bx 
v    1847-CTO,  83x,  8Fx,  8Gx,  8Hx,  8Jx, 
8Kx 
v    1848-CTO,  83x,  8Lx,  8Mx,  8Nx 
v    1849-CTO,  8Cx,  8Dx,  8Px,  8Qx,  8Rx, 
8Sx,  8Tx 
v    1858-CTO,  94x,  96x,  9Ax,  9Fx,  9Gx 
v    1859-CTO,  B7x,  B8x,  BBx,  BCx,  BDx, 
BEx 
v    1860-CTO,  9Fx,  9Gx,  BQx,  C9x 
v    1861-CTO,  9Gx,  C9x 
26R9700  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
162  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 169 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
2  Keyboard  bezel  with  touchpad  assembly, 
15.0  WW  (for  R52) 
v    1846-CTO,  3xx,  4xx,  6xx 
v    1847-CTO,  3xx,  4xx 
v    1848-CTO,  3xx,  4xx 
v    1849-CTO,  4xx,  6xx 
v    1846-94x,  95x,  96x,  97x,  98x,  99x, 
A2x,  A3x, 
v    1847-92x,  9Lx,  AEx 
v    1848-92x 
v    1858-CTO,  4xx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1859-CTO,  4xx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1860-CTO,  4xx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1861-CTO,  4xx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1858-9Jx,  9Kx,  9Lx,  9Mx,  9Nx,  9Px, 
A2x,  A3x,  ABx,  ADx,  AGx,  AHx,  AJx, 
AKx,  ALx,  AMx 
v    1860-BUx,  C2x,  C3x,  CAx 
v    1861-BUx,  CAx 
91P8749  N 
Keyboard  bezel  with  touchpad  assembly, 
15.0  FPR  (for  R52) 
v    1846-CTO,  A4x,  A5x,  A6x,  A7x,  A8x, 
A9x,  AAx,  ABx,  ACx,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Cx, 
9Dx,  9Ex,  9Fx,  9Gx,  9Hx 
v    1847-CTO,  93x,  9Mx,  9Nx,  9Px,  9Qx, 
9Rx,  9Sx,  9Tx,  AFx,  AGx,  AHx,  AJx, 
v    1848-CTO,  AKx,  ALx,  93x,  9Ux,  9Vx 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1858-CTO,  9Hx,  9Qx,  9Rx,  9Sx,  9Tx, 
9Ux,  9Vx,  9Wx,  9Xx,  9Yx,  9Zx,  A4x, 
A5x,  A6x,  A7x,  A8x,  A9x,  AAx,  ACx, 
AEx,  AFx,  ANx,  APx,,  AQx,  ARx,  ASx, 
ATx,  AUx,  AVx,  AWx,  AXx,  AYx,  B2x, 
B3x,  B4x,  B5x 
v    1859-CTO,  B9x,  BAx,  BFx,  BGx,  BHx, 
BJx,  BKx,  BLx,  BMx 
v    1860-CTO,  BTx,  BVx,  BWx,  BXx,  BYx, 
BZx,  C4x,  C5x,  C9x,  CBx 
v    1861-CTO,  BZx,  CBx 
26R9701  N 
3  Ultrabay  Enhanced  shield  kit  for  14.1-in. 
(for  R50e,  R51e) 
v    1834-Kxx,  Lxx,  Q4x,  Q5x,  Q8x,  Q9x, 
QBx,  QCx 
v    1843-22x,  23x,  2Fx,  2Gx,  2Hx,  2Jx, 
2Kx,  2Lx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  2Qx,  2Rx, 
2Sx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  2Wx,  2Xx,  2Yx, 
2Zx,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x, 
38x,  39x,  3Ax,  3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex, 
3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx,  3Mx, 
5Lx 
v    1844-5Fx,  5Jx 
13R2300  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  163

--- Page 170 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
3  Ultrabay  Enhanced  shield  kit  for  15.0-in. 
(for  R50e,  R51e) 
v    1834-Mxx,  Q2x,  Q3x,  Q6x,  Q7x,  QAx, 
Rxx,  Sxx 
v    1842-Mxx,  Qxx 
v    1843-24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x, 
2Ax,  2Bx,  2Cx,  2Dx,  2Ex,  3Nx,  3Px, 
3Qx,  3Rx,  3Sx,  3Tx,  3Ux,  3Vx,  3Wx, 
3Xx,  3Yx,  3Zx,  4xx,  5xx 
v    1844-5Gx,  5Hx 
v    1845-5Kx 
13N2302  N 
Ultrabay  Enhanced  shield  kit  for  14.1-in. 
(for  R52) 
v    1846-CTO,  2xx,  5xx 
v    1847-CTO,  2xx 
v    1848-CTO,  2xx 
v    1849-CTO,  5xx 
v    1850-CTO,  2xx 
v    1870-CTO,  2xx 
v    1846-84x,  85x,  86x.  87x,  88x,  89x, 
8Ax,  8Bx 
v    1847-82x,  83x,  8Ex,  8Fx,  8Gx,  8Hx, 
8Jx,  8Kx 
v    1848-82x,  83x,  8Lx,  8Mx,  8Nx 
v    1849-8Cx,  8Dx,  8Px,  8Qx,  8Rx,  8Sx, 
8Tx 
v    1858-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1859-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1860-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1861-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1862-CTO,  2xx 
v    1863-CTO,  2xx 
26R7834  N 
Ultrabay  Enhanced  shield  kit  for  14.1-in. 
FPR  (for  R52) 
v    1858-CTO,  92x,  93x,  94x,  95x,  96x, 
97x,  98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Dx,  9Ex, 
9Fx,  9Gx,  CCx 
v    1859-CTO,  B6x,  B7x,  B8x,  BBx,  BCx, 
BDx,  BEx 
v    1860-CTO,  9Fx,  9Gx,  BPx,  BQx,  BRx, 
BSx,  C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  C9x 
v    1861-CTO,  9Gx,  C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  C9x 
26R9702  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
164  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 171 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
3  Ultrabay  Enhanced  shield  kit  for  15.0-in. 
(for  R52) 
v    1846-CTO,  3xx,  4xx,  6xx 
v    1847-CTO,  3xx,  4xx,  6xx 
v    1848-CTO,  3xx,  4xx,  6xx 
v    1849-CTO,  3xx,  4xx,  6xx 
v    1846-A2x,  A3x,  A4x,  A5x,  A6x,  A7x, 
A8x,  A9x,  AAx,  ABx,  ACx  94x,  95x, 
96x,  97x,  98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Cx, 
9Dx,  9Ex,  9Fx,  9Gx,  9Hx 
v    1847-AEx,  AFx,  AGx,  AHx,  AJx,  92x, 
93x,  9Lx,  9Mx,  9Nx,  9Px,  9Qx,  9Rx, 
9Sx,  9Tx 
v    1848-AKx,  ALx,  92x,  93x,  9Ux,  9Vx 
v    1849-ADx,  AMx,  ANx,  APx,  9Wx,  9Xx, 
9Yx,  9Zx,  91x 
v    1858-CTO,  4xx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1859-CTO,  4xx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1860-CTO,  4xx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1861-CTO,  4xx,  5xx,  6xx 
91P8725  N 
Ultrabay  Enhanced  shield  kit  for  15.0-in. 
FPR  (for  R52) 
v    1858-CTO,  9Hx,  9Jx,  9Kx,  9Lx,  9Mx, 
9Nx,  9Px,  9Qx,  9Rx,  9Sx,  9Tx,  9Ux, 
9Vx,  9Wx,  9Xx,  9Yx,  9Zx,  A2x,  A3x, 
A4x,  A5x,  A6x,  A7x,  A8x,  A9x,  AAx, 
ABx,  ACx,  ADx,  AEx,  AFx,  AGx,  AHx, 
AJx,  AKx,  ALx,  AMx,  ANx,  APx,  AQx, 
ARx,  ASx,  ATx,  AUx,  AVx,  AWx,  AXx, 
AYx 
v    1859-CTO,  B9x,  BAx,  BFx,  BGx,  BHx, 
BJx,  BKx,  BLx,  BMx 
v    1860-CTO,  BTx,  BUx,  BVx,  BWx,  BXx, 
BYx,  BZx,  C2x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  CAx, 
CBx 
v    1861-CTO,  BUx,  BZx,  CAx,  CBx 
26R9703  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  165

--- Page 172 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
4  CPU  assembly,  Intel  Celeron  M 
processor  340  (1.5  GHz) 
v    1834-LGx,  RKx 
93P4280  N 
CPU  assembly,  Intel  Celeron  M 
processor  350  (1.3  GHz) 
v    1834-K3x,  K4x,  K5x,  K6x,  K7x,  K8x, 
K9x,  KAx,  KLx,  KMx,  KNx,  KPx,  KQx, 
KRx,  KSx,  KTx,  KUx,  KVx,  M2x,  M3x, 
M4x,  M6x,  M5x,  M7x,  M8x,  M9x,  MAx, 
MKx,  MLx,  MMx,  MNx,  MPx,  MQx, 
RMx,  RNx,  S2x 
v    1858-CTO 
v    1859-CTO,  23x,  4Xx,  4Yx 
v    1860-CTO,  25x,  26x 
v    1861-CTO,  25x,  26x 
v    1958-CTO,  3Fx 
93P4281  N 
CPU  assembly,  Intel  Celeron  M 
processor  360  (1.4  GHz) 
v    1834-KBx,  KWx,  KXx,  KYx,  KZx,  LHx, 
MBx,  MRx,  MSx,  MTx,  RVx,  RWx, 
RXx,  S3x,  S4x,  S5x,  S6x 
v    1843-23x,  2Fx,  2Gx,  2Hx,  2Jx,  2Kx, 
2Lx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx, 
2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  2Wx,  33x,  34x,  35x, 
36x,  37x,  38x,  39x,  3Px,  3Rx,  3Sx, 
3Tx,  3Ux,  3Vx,  3Wx,  3Xx,  3Yx,  3Zx, 
42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  5Mx,  5Nx, 
5Px,  5Qx,  5Rx,  5Sx,  5Tx,  5Ux 
v    1844-5Fx 
v    1858-CTO,  22x,  2Px,  2Qx,  3Qx,  42x, 
4Tx,  4Ux,  6Nx,  6Px,  6Xx,  33x,  34x, 
35x,  36x,  37x,  38x,  39x,  3Px,  3Rx, 
3Sx,  3Tx,  3Ux,  3Vx,  3Wx,  3Xx,  3Yx, 
3Zx,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  46x, 
v    1859-CTO,  24x,  43x,,  4Zx,  6Vx 
v    1860-CTO,  3Rx,  3Sx 
v    1861-CTO,  3Tx,  3Ux 
v    1858-92x,  9Bx,  AGx 
v    1860-C6x,  C7x 
v    1861-C6x,  C7x 
93P4282  N 
CPU  assembly,  Intel  Celeron  M 
processor  370  (1.5  GHz) 
v    1834-KGx,  KHx,  KJx,  MJx,  RTx 
v    1843-22x,  24x,  2Xx,  2Yx,  3Ax,  3Bx, 
3Cx,  3Qx,  47x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx, 
4Cx,  4Dx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx 
v    1858-CTO,  29x,  2Rx,  2Sx,  44x,  4Vx, 
4Wx,  53x,  5Lx,  6Yx 
v    1859-CTO,  27x,  52x,  6Wx 
v    1860-CTO 
v    1861-CTO 
v    1858-9Ex,  9Jx,  AHx 
39T0331  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
166  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 173 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
4  CPU  assembly,  Intel  Celeron  M 
processor  380  (1.6  GHz) 
v    1843-2Dx,  2Ex,  3Dx,  3Ex,  3Fx,  3Nx, 
4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx,  4Nx 
v    1844-5Jx 
v    1858-CTO,  9Dx,  9Kx 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO 
v    1861-CTO 
39T5686  N 
CPU  assembly,  Intel  Pentium  M 
processor  725  (1.6  GHz) 
v    1834-KCx,  KDx,  L2x,  L3x,  L4x,  L5x, 
L6x,  Q2x,  Q3x,  Q4x,  Q5x,  Q6x,  Q7x, 
Q8x,  Q9x,  QAx,  QBx,  QCx,  MCx, 
MVx,  MWx,  MXx 
v    1842-QDx,  QEx,  QFx,  MUx 
v    1858-CTO,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx,  6Rx, 
6Sx,  6Tx,  6Ux,  6Zx 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO,  3Mx 
v    1861-CTO 
91P7434  N 
CPU  assembly,  Intel  Pentium  M 
processor  730  (1.6  GHz) 
v    1846-CTO,  58x,  5Bx,  5Cx,  6Cx,  6Fx, 
6Gx 
v    1847-CTO,  3Ax,  3Bx 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1858-CTO,  2Ux,  2Vx,  2Wx,  2Xx,  3Nx, 
45x,  46x,  47x,  48x,  54x,  5Mx,  5Nx, 
6Kx 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO,  2Tx 
v    1861-CTO 
39T0045  N 
CPU  assembly,  Intel  Pentium  M 
processor  735  (1.7  GHz) 
v    1834-KEx,  KFx,  L7x,  L8x,  L9x,  LAx, 
LBx,  LCx,  LDx,  LEx,  MDx,  MEx,  MFx, 
MGx,  MHx,  MYx,  MZx,  R2x,  R3x,  R4x, 
R5x,  R6x,  R7x,  R8x,  R9x,  RAx,  RBx, 
RCx,  RDx,  REx,  RFx,  RGx,  S7x 
91P7387  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  167

--- Page 174 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
4  CPU  assembly,  Intel  Pentium  M 
processor  740  (1.73  GHz) 
v    1843-25x,  26x,  2Zx,  32x,  3Gx,  3Hx, 
3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx,  4Px,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx, 
4Tx,  4Ux,  4Vx,  4Wx,  4Xx,  4Yx,  4Zx, 
52x,  53x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  57x,  58x,  5Lx 
v    1844-5Gx 
v    1846-CTO,  2Hx,  2Jx,  3Vx,  4Fx,  4Gx, 
52x,  53x,  56x,  57x,  59x,  5Dx,  5Ex, 
5Hx,  5Jx,  5Kx,  62x,  63x,  64x,  65x, 
6Ax,  6Bx,  6Dx,  6Hx,  6Jx,  6Kx,  6Lx 
v    1847-CTO,  22x,  23x,  2Ax,  2Dx,  2Ex, 
2Fx,  2Gx,  32x,  33x,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex, 
3Fx,  3Mx,  3Sx,  42x,  4Bx 
v    1848-CTO,  22x,  23x,  2Fx,  2Gx,  32x, 
33x,  42x,  4Bx 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1850-22x 
v    1870-22x 
v    1846-84x,  85x,  8Ax,  94x,  95x,  9Ax, 
9Bx,  9Cx 
v    1847-9Mx 
v    1848-22x,  23x,  32x,  33x,  42x,  2Fx, 
2Gx,  4Bx 
v    1849-8Cx,  9Wx,  8Px,  8Qx,  AMx,  9Zx 
v    1858-CTO,  2Ex,  2Zx,  32x,  33x,  34x, 
3Bx,  3Gx,  3Px,  49x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Px, 
5Qx,  5Tx,  5Ux,  5Vx,  5Wx,  67x,  68x, 
69x,  6Ax,  6Bx,  6Mx,  6Qx 
v    1859-CTO,  28x,  2Ax,  2Hx,  35x,  4Ax, 
4Bx,  55x,  5Rx,  6Lx 
v    1860-CTO,  2Bx,  2Fx,  2Kx,  2Yx,  32x, 
3Bx,  56x,  57x,  58x,  5Ex,  5Sx,  5Ux, 
69x 
v    1861-CTO,  2Bx,  2Fx,  2Kx,  2Yx,  32x, 
3Bx,  56x,  5Ex,  5Sx,  69x 
v    1862-2Cx 
v    1863-2Dx 
v    1858-93x,  94x,  97x,  9Fx,  9Nx,  9Px, 
9Qx,  9Rx,  9Sx,  9Tx,  9Ux,  9Vx,  9Wx, 
9Xx,  9Yx,  9Zx,  A2x,  ALx,  AMx,  ANx, 
APx,  AQx,  ARx,  ASx,  ATx,  AUx,  AVx, 
B2x,  B4x,  CCx 
v    1859-B6x,  B7x,  B8x,  B9x,  BAx,  BBx, 
BFx 
v    1860-9Fx,  BPx,  BYx 
39T0046  N 
CPU  assembly,  Intel  Pentium  M 
processor  745  (1.8  GHz) 
v    1834-LFx,  RHx,  RJx,  RPx,  RQx,  S8x, 
S9x 
91P7357  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
168  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 175 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
4  CPU  assembly,  Intel  Pentium  M 
processor  750  (1.86  GHz) 
v    1843-27x,  28x,  29x,  3Mx,  59x,  5Ax, 
5Bx,  5Cx,  5Dx 
v    1844-5Hx 
v    1845-5Kx 
v    1846-CTO,  3Wx,  4Cx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  5Ax, 
5Fx,  5Gx,  5Lx,  5Mx,  5Nx,  5Rx,  66x, 
6Ex,  6Mx,  6Nx,  6Px,  6Qx,  6Rx,  6Tx, 
6Ux 
v    1847-CTO,  24x,  28x,  29x,  2Bx,  2Cx, 
34x,  38x,  39x,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx, 
3Nx,  3Px,  3Qx,  3Rx,  3Tx,  46x,  48x 
v    1848-CTO,  24x,  34x 
v    1849-CTO,  4Qx,  4Tx,  5Xx,  6Yx 
v    1846-86x,  87x,  A4x,  96x,  97x,  98x, 
9Dx 
v    1847-82x,  83x,  92x,  93x,  8Fx,  8Gx, 
AFx,  9Nx,  9Px,  9Qx,  9Rx,  8Jx,  8Kx, 
AJx 
v    1848-82x,  83x,  92x,  93x,  8Mx,  8Nx, 
ALx 
v    1849-8Dx,  ADx,  8Rx,  8Sx,  ANx,  9Xx, 
91x 
v    1858-CTO,  37x,  38x,  3Cx,  3Dx,  4Cx, 
4Dx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Hx, 
5Xx,  5Yx,  62x,  6Cx,  6Dx,  6Ex,  6Fx, 
6Hx 
v    1859-CTO,  39x,  4Hx,  5Dx,  63x 
v    1860-CTO,  2Lx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  3Ex,  4Qx, 
5Bx,  5Cx,  5Gx,  5Hx,  5Zx,  6Fx,  6Gx 
v    1861-CTO,  3Ex,  6Fx,  6Gx 
v    1858-95x,  96x,  98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Gx, 
9Hx,  9Lx,  A3x,  A4x,  A5x,  A6x,  A8x, 
ABx,  ACx,  ADx,  AEx,  AFx,  AWx,  B3x, 
B5x 
v    1859-BCx,  BGx 
v    1860-9Gx,  BQx,  BTx,  BUx,  BXx,  BZx, 
C4x,  C8x,  C9x,  CAx,  CBx 
v    1861-9Gx,  BUx,  BZx,  C8x,  C9x,  CAx, 
CBx 
39T0047  N 
CPU  assembly,  Intel  Pentium  M 
processor  755  (2.0  GHz) 
v    1834-RRx,  RSx,  RUx 
93P4225  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  169

--- Page 176 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
4  CPU  assembly,  Intel  Pentium  M 
processor  760  (2.0  GHz) 
v    1843-2Ax,  2Bx,  2Cx 
v    1846-CTO,  4Dx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx,  4Nx, 
54x,  5Px,  5Qx,  67x,  68x,  6Sx 
v    1847-CTO,  25x,  35x,  3Lx,  3Ux,  43x, 
47x,  49x,  4Ax 
v    1848-CTO,  25x,  35x,  43x 
v    1849-CTO,  4Ux,  5Yx,  6Zx 
v    1846-88x,  89x,  A5x,  A6x,  A7x,  A8x, 
A9x,  99x,  9Gx,  9Hx 
v    1847-8Ex,  8Hx,  AGx,  9Lx,  9Sx,  9Tx 
v    1848-25x,  35x,  43x 
v    1849-8Tx,  APx,  9Yx 
v    1858-CTO,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  5Jx, 
65x,  6Jx 
v    1859-CTO,  3Ax,  4Px,  4Rx,  4Sx,  66x 
v    1860-CTO,  4Jx,  4Mx,  5Kx,  6Jx 
v    1861-CTO,  4Mx,  6Jx 
v    1858-9Mx,  A7x,  A9x,  AXx 
v    1859-BDx,  BHx,  BLx 
v    1860-BRx,  BSx,  BWx,  C2x,  C3x,  C5x 
39T0048  N 
CPU  assembly,  Intel  Pentium  M 
processor  770  (2.13  GHz) 
v    1843-5Ex 
v    1846-CTO,  4Ex,  55x,  69x 
v    1847-CTO,  26x,  27x,  36x,  37x,  44x, 
45x 
v    1848-CTO,  26x,  27x,  36x,  37x,  44x, 
45x 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1846-8Bx,  A2x,  AAx,  ABx 
v    1847-AEx,  AHx 
v    1848-9Vx 
v    1858-CTO,  AAx,  AJx,  AYx 
v    1859-CTO,  BEx,  BJx,  BMx 
v    1860-CTO,  BVx 
v    1861-CTO 
39T0049  N 
CPU  assembly,  Intel  Pentium  M 
processor  780  (2.26  GHz) 
v    1846-CTO,  A3x,  ACx 
v    1848-CTO,  AKx 
v    1858-CTO,  AKx 
39T0460  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
170  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 177 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
5  ThinkPad  Integrated  56K  Modem 
(MDC-2) 
v    1843-2xx,  3xx,  4xx,  5xx 
v    1844-5xx 
v    1845-5xx 
v    1846-CTO,  2Hx,  3Vx,  3Wx  ,  52x,  53x, 
56x,  57x,  58x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Bx,  5Cx, 
5Dx,  5Ex,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Hx,  5Jx,  5Kx, 
5Lx,  5Mx,  5Nx,  5Px,  5Qx,  5Rx,  62x, 
6Ax,  6Bx,  6Cx,  6Dx,  6Ex,  6Fx,  6Gx, 
6Hx,  6Jx,  6Kx,  6Lx,  6Mx,  6Nx,  6Px, 
6Qx,  6Rx,  6Sx 
v    1847-CTO,  22x,  23x,  26x,  28x,  29x, 
2Ax,  2Bx,  2Cx,  2Dx,  2Ex,  2Fx,  2Gx, 
32x,  33x,  38x,  39x,  3Ax,  3Bx,  3Cx, 
3Dx,  3Ex,  3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx, 
3Lx,  3Mx,  3Nx,  3Px,  3Qx,  3Rx,  3Sx, 
3Tx,  46x,  48x,  49x,  4Bx 
v    1848-CTO,  22x,  23x,  26x,  2Fx,  2Gx, 
32x,  33x,  4Bx 
v    1849-CTO,  4Px,  4Rx,  4Sx,  5Sx,  5Tx, 
5Ux,  5Vx,  5Wx,  6Vx,  6Wx,  6Xx 
v    1850-22x 
v    1870-22x 
v    1846-84x,  85x,  86x,  87x,  88x,  89x, 
8Ax,  94x,  95x,  96x,  97x,  99x,  9Ax, 
9Bx,  9Dx,  9Gx 
v    1847-82x,  83x,  8Ex,  8Fx,  8Gx,  8Hx, 
8Jx,  8Kx,  92x,  93x,  9Lx,  9Mx,  9Nx, 
9Px,  9Qx,  9Sx,  9Tx,  AEx,  AFx,  AGx, 
AHx,  AJx 
v    1848-82x,  83x,  8Mx,  8Nx,  92x,  93x, 
ALx 
v    1849-8Cx,  8Rx,  8Sx,  8Tx,  91x,  9Wx, 
9Xx 
v    1858-CTO,  92x,  93x,  94x,  97x,  98x, 
99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Dx,  9Ex,  9Fx,  9Gx, 
9Hx,  9Jx,  9Lx,  9Nx,  9Px,  9Qx,  9Rx, 
9Sx,  9Tx,  9Ux,  9Vx,  9Wx,  9Xx,  9Yx, 
9Zx,  A2x,  A3x,  ABx,  ACx,  ADx,  AEx, 
AFx,  AGx,  AHx,  ALx,  AMx,  ANx,  APx, 
AQx,  ARx,  ASx,  ATx,  AUx,  AVx,  AWx, 
B2x,  B3x,  B4x,  B5x,  CCx 
v    1859-CTO,  B6x,  B7x,  B8x,  B9x,  BAx, 
BBx,  BCx,  BDx,  BEx,  BFx,  BGx,  BHx, 
BJx 
v    1860-CTO,  9Fx,  9Gx,  BPx,  BQx,  BRx, 
BSx,  BTx,  BUx,  BXx,  BYx,  BZx,  C2x, 
C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  C9x, 
CAx,  CBx 
v    1861-CTO,  9Gx,  BUx,  BZx,  C6x,  C7x, 
C8x,  C9x,  CAx,  CBx 
39T0061  **
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  171

--- Page 178 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
5  ThinkPad  Integrated  56K  Modem 
(MDC-2) 
v    1834-Kxx,  Lxx,  Mxx,  Qxx,  Rxx,  Sxx 
v    1842-Mxx,  Qxx 
v    1858-CTO,  2xx,  32x,  37x,  38x,  42x, 
44x,  45x,  46x,  47x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax, 
4Cx,  4Dx,  4Gx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Tx,  4Ux, 
4Vx,  4Wx,  4Yx,  53x,  54x,  59x,  5Ax, 
5Fx,  5Gx,  5Hx,  5Jx,  5Lx,  5Mx,  5Nx, 
5Px,  5Qx,  5Rx,  5Tx,  5Ux,  5Vx,  5Wx, 
5Xx,  5Yx,  62x,  64x,  65x,  6Kx, 
v    1859-CTO,  2xx,  3xx,  4xx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1860-CTO,  2xx,  32x,  4Jx,  4Qx,  5xx 
v    1861-CTO,  2xx,  32x,  5xx 
v    1862-CTO,  2xx 
v    1863-CTO,  2xx 
93P4166  ** 
ThinkPad  Integrated  Bluetooth  IV  with 
56K  Modem  (BMDC-3) 
v    1858-CTO,  3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  4Ex,  4Fx, 
4Mx,  4Nx,  67x,  68x,  69x,  6Ax,  6Bx, 
6Ex,  6Cx,  6Dx,  6Fx,  6Hx,  6Jx 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO,  3Bx,  3Ex,  4Mx,  69x,  6Fx, 
6Gx,  6Jx 
v    1861-CTO,  3Bx,  3Ex,  4Mx,  69x,  6Fx, 
6Gx,  6Jx 
v    1862-CTO 
v    1863-CTO 
v    1858-CTO,  95x,  96x,  9Kx,  9Mx,  A4x, 
A5x,  A6x,  A7x,  A8x,  A9x,  AAx,  AJx, 
AKx,  AXx,  AYx 
v    1859-CTO,  BKx,  BLx,  BMx 
v    1860-CTO,  BVx,  BWx 
39T0022  **
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
172  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 179 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
5  ThinkPad  Integrated  Bluetooth  IV  with 
56K  Modem  (BMDC-3) 
v    1846-CTO,  54x,  55x,  63x,  64x,  65x, 
66x,  67x,  68x,  69x,  6Tx,  6Ux,  4Cx, 
4Dx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx, 
4Lx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  2Jx 
v    1847-CTO,  24x,  25x,  27x,  34x,  35x, 
36x,  37x,  3Ux,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x, 
47x,  4Ax 
v    1848-CTO,  24x,  25x,  27x,  34x,  35x, 
36x,  37x,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x 
v    1849-CTO,  5Xx,  5Yx,  6Yx,  6Zx,  4Qx, 
4Tx,  4Ux 
v    1846-8Bx,  98x,  9Cx,  9Ex,  9Fx,  9Hx, 
A2x,  A3x,  A4x,  A5x,  A6x,  A7x,  A8x, 
A9x,  AAx,  ABx,  ACx 
v    1847-9Rx 
v    1848-8Lx,  9Ux,  9Vx,  AKx 
v    1849-8Dx,  8Px,  8Qx,  9Yx,  9Zx,  ADx, 
AMx,  ANx,  APx 
39T0024  ** 
6  256-MB  DDR  SDRAM  SO  DIMM 
(PC2700)  OP 
v    1834-K3x,  K4x,  K5x,  K6x,  K7x,  K8x, 
K9x,  KAx,  KBx,  KCx,  KDx,  KEx,  KFx, 
KGx,  KHx,  KJx,  KLx,  KPx,  KQx,  KRx, 
KSx,  KTx,  KWx,  KXx,  KYx,  KZx,  L2x, 
L3x,  L4x,  L5x,  L6x,  L7x,  L8x,  L9x, 
LAx,  LCx,  LDx,  LEx,  LFx,  LGx,  LHx, 
M2x,  M3x,  M4x,  M5x,  M6x,  MBx,  MCx, 
MDx,  MEx,  MFx,  MGx,  MHx,  MJx, 
MRx,  MSx,  MTx,  MVx,  Q2x,  Q4x,  Q5x, 
Q6x,  Q7x,  Q8x,  Q9x,  QBx,  QCx,  R3x, 
R4x,  R5x,  R6x,  R7x,  R8x,  RCx,  RKx, 
RMx,  RNx,  RPx,  RVx,  S2x,  S3x,  S4x, 
S5x,  S6x 
v    1842-MUx,  QDx,  QFx 
31P9831  * 
512-MB  DDR  SDRAM  SO  DIMM 
(PC2700)  OP 
v    1834-KUx,  KVx,  LBx,  M7x,  M8x,  M9x, 
MAx,  MMx,  MNx,  MPx,  MQx,  MWx, 
MXx,  Q3x,  QAx,  R9x,  RAx,  RBx,  RDx, 
REx,  RFx,  RGx,  RHx,  RJx,  RQx,  RRx, 
RSx,  RTx,  RUx,  RWx,  RXx,  S7x,  S8x, 
S9x 
v    1842-QEx 
31P9833  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  173

--- Page 180 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
6  256-MB  DDR  SDRAM  SO  DIMM 
(PC2-4200)  OP 
v    1843-22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x, 
28x,  2Fx,  2Gx,  2Hx,  2Jx,  2Kx,  2Lx, 
2Px,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx,  2Xx,  2Yx,  2Zx, 
32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x,  3Ax, 
3Bx,  3Cx,  3Ex,  3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx, 
3Kx,  3Nx,  3Px,  3Qx,  3Vx,  3Wx,  3Xx, 
42x,  47x,  4Dx,  4Px,  4Sx,  4Tx,  4Ux, 
4Yx,  52x,  5Ax,  5Bx,  5Lx,  5Tx,  5Ux 
v    1844-5Fx,  5Jx 
v    1846-CTO,  52x,  56x,  57x,  58x,  59x, 
5Bx,  5Cx,  5Dx,  5Ex,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Hx, 
5Jx,  5Kx,  5Lx,  62x,  6Ax,  6Bx,  6Cx, 
6Dx,  6Fx,  6Gx,  6Hx,  6Jx,  6Kx,  6Lx, 
6Mx,  6Nx,  6Tx,  6Ux 
v    1847-CTO,  23x,  28x,  2Ax,  2Dx,  2Ex, 
33x,  38x,  3Ax,  3Bx,  3Cx,  3Mx,  3Nx, 
3Px,  3Rx,  3Ux 
v    1848-CTO,  23x,  33x 
v    1849-CTO,  5Tx,  5Ux 
v    1846-CTO,  84x,  85x,  86x,  87x,  94x, 
96x,  98x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Cx 
v    1847-CTO,  9Mx 
v    1848-CTO,  9Ux 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1858-CTO,  22x,  28x,  29x,  2Ex,  2Px, 
2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  2Wx,  2Xx, 
2Zx,  32x,  33x,  34x,  37x,  38x,  3Cx, 
3Dx,  4Cx,  4Tx,  4Ux,  4Yx,  53x,  5Lx, 
5Mx,  5Nx,  5Px,  5Qx,  5Rx,  5Tx,  5Ux, 
5Xx,  5Yx,  64x,  67x,  68x,  6Cx 
v    1859-CTO,  2Ax,  2Hx 
v    1860-CTO,  25x,  2Bx,  2Fx,  2Kx,  2Lx, 
2Mx,  2Tx,  2Yx,  32x,  56x,  5Bx,  5Ux, 
5Zx 
v    1861-CTO,  25x,  26x,  2Bx,  2Fx,  2Gx, 
2Kx,  32x,  56x 
v    1862-CTO,  2Cx 
v    1863-CTO,  2Dx 
v    1858-CTO,  92x,  93x,  94x,  97x,  98x, 
99x,  9Bx,  9Dx,  9Ex,  9Fx,  9Gx,  9Hx, 
9Jx,  9Kx,  9Nx,  9Px,  9Qx,  9Rx,  A2x, 
A4x,  A8x,  AGx,  AHx,  AWx,  CCx 
v    1859-CTO,  B6x,  B7x,  B9x 
v    1860-CTO,  BPx,  9Fx,  9Gx,  BSx,  BYx, 
C3x,  C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  C9x 
v    1861-CTO,  9Gx,  C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  C9x 
73P3841  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
174  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 181 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
6  512-MB  DDR  SDRAM  SO  DIMM 
(PC2-4200)  OP 
v    1843-29x,  2Ax.  2Bx,  2Cx,  2Dx,  2Ex, 
2Mx,  2Nx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  2Wx,  3Dx, 
3Lx,  3Mx,  3Rx,  3Sx,  3Tx,  3Ux,  3Yx, 
3Zx,  43x,  44x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx, 
4Cx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4K, 
4Lx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Vx,  4Wx, 
4Xx,  4Zx,  53x,  54x,  55x,  59x,  5Cx, 
5Dx,  5Ex,  5Nx,  5Px,  5Qx,  5Rx,  5Sx 
v    1844-5Gx,  5Hx 
v    1845-5Kx 
v    1846-CTO,  53x,  54x,  55x,  5Ax,  5Mx, 
5Nx,  5Px,  5Qx,  5Rx,  63x,  64x,  65x, 
66x,  67x,  68x,  69x,  6Ex,  6Px,  6Qx, 
6Rx,  6Sx,  4Cx,  4Dx,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx, 
4Jx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Nx,  2Hx,  2Jx,  3Vx, 
3Wx 
v    1847-CTO,  22x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  29x, 
2Bx,  2Cx,  32x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  39x, 
3Dx,  3Ex,  3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx, 
3Lx,  3Qx,  3Sx,  3Tx,  42x,  43x,  44x, 
46x,  47x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  2Fx,  2Gx 
v    1848-CTO,  22x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  32x, 
34x,  35x,  36x,  42x,  43x,  44x,  2Fx,  2Gx 
v    1849-CTO,  5Sx,  6Vx,  4Px,  4Qx,  4Rx 
v    1846-CTO,  88x,  89x,  8Ax,  8Bx,  A2x, 
A3x,  A4x,  A5x,  A6x,  A7x,  A8x,  A9x, 
AAx,  ABx,  ACx,  95x,  97x,  99x,  9Dx, 
9Ex,  9Fx,  9Gx,  9Hx 
v    1847-CTO,  82x,  83x,  92x,  93x,  8Ex, 
8Fx,  8Gx,  8Hx,  AEx,  AFx,  AGx,  AHx, 
9Lx,  9Nx,  9Px,  9Qx,  9Rx,  9Sx,  9Tx, 
8Jx,  8Kx 
v    1848-CTO,  82x,  83x,  92x,  93x,  8Lx, 
AKx,  9Vx,  8Mx,  8Nx 
v    1849-CTO,  8Cx,  8Dx,  9Wx,  ADx 
v    1850-22x 
v    1870-22x 
v    1858-CTO,  3Bx,  42x,  44x,  45x,  46x, 
47x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Dx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx, 
4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  4Vx,  4Wx,  54x, 
59x,  5Ax,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Hx,  5Jx,  5Vx, 
5Wx,  62x,  65x,  69x,  6Ax,  6Bx,  6Dx, 
6Ex,  6Fx,  6Hx,  6Jx,  6Kx 
v    1859-CTO,  4Rx,  4Sx,  55x,  5Dx 
v    1860-CTO,  2Nx,  3Bx,  3Ex,  4Jx,  4Mx, 
4Qx,  57x,  58x,  5Cx,  5Ex,  5Gx,  5Hx, 
5Kx,  5Sx,  69x,  6Fx,  6Gx,  6Jx 
(continued) 
73P3843  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  175

--- Page 182 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
6  512-MB  DDR  SDRAM  SO  DIMM 
(PC2-4200)  OP 
v    1861-CTO,  3Bx,  3Ex,  4Mx,  5Ex,  5Sx, 
69x,  6Fx,  6Gx,  6Jx 
v    1862-CTO 
v    1863-CTO 
v    1858-CTO,  95x,  96x,  9Ax,  9Lx,  9Mx, 
9Sx,  9Tx,  9Ux,  9Vx,  9Wx,  9Xx,  9Yx, 
9Zx,  A3x,  A5x,  A6x,  A7x,  A9x,  AAx, 
ABx,  ACx,  ADx,  AEx,  AFx,  AJx,  AKx, 
ALx,  AMx,  ANx,  APx,  AQx,  ARx,  ASx, 
ATx,  AUx,  AVx,  AXx,  AYx 
v    1859-CTO,  B8x,  BAx 
v    1860-CTO,  BQx,  BRx,  BTx,  BUx,  BVx, 
BWx,  BXx,  BZx,  C2x,  C4x,  C5x,  CAx, 
CBx 
v    1861-CTO,  BUx,  BZx,  CAx,  CBx 
73P3843  * 
1-GB  DDR  SDRAM  SO  DIMM 
(PC2-4200)  OP 
v    1846-CTO,  4Ex,  4Mx 
v    1847-CTO,  27x,  37x,  45x,  4Bx 
v    1848-CTO,  27x,  37x,  45x,  4Bx 
v    1847-AJx 
v    1848-ALx 
v    1858-CTO 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO 
v    1861-CTO 
v    1862-CTO 
v    1863-CTO 
73P3845  * 
For  optional  DIMMs,  see  “Optional  FRUs”  on  page  259. 
7  VGA  and  Ultrabay  eject  button  cable 
14/15  (for  R50e,  R51e) 
91P6834  N 
VGA  cable,  14  (for  R50e,  R51e)  91P6867  N 
VGA  cable,  15  (for  R50e,  R51e)  91P6869  N 
VGA  and  Ultrabay  eject  button  cable 
14/15  (for  R52) 
91P6828  N 
8  Interposer  card  for  R50e,  R51e 
v    1834-Mxx,  Q2x,  Q3x,  Q6x,  Q7x,  QAx, 
Rxx,  Sxx 
v    1842-Mxx,  Qxx 
v    1843-24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x, 
2Ax,  2Bx,  2Cx,  2Dx,  2Ex,  3Nx,  3Px, 
3Qx,  3Rx,  3Sx,  3Tx,  3Ux,  3Vx,  3Wx, 
3Xx,  3Yx,  3Zx,  4xx,  5xx 
v    1844-5Gx,  5Hx 
v    1845-5Kx 
91P7413  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
176  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 183 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
8  Interposer  card  for  R52 
v    1846-CTO,  3xx,  4xx,  6xx 
v    1847-CTO,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x, 
37x,  38x,  39x,  3Ax,  3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx, 
3Ex,  3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx, 
3Mx,  3Nx,  3Px,  3Qx,  3Rx,  3Sx,  3Tx, 
3Ux,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x, 
48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  EEx,  EFx,  EGx 
v    1848-CTO,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x, 
37x,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  4Bx 
v    1848-CTO,  6Yx,  6Zx,  4Qx,  4Tx,  4Ux 
v    1858-CTO,  4xx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1859-CTO,  4xx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1860-CTO,  4xx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1861-CTO,  4xx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1862-CTO 
v    1863-CTO 
91P7427  N 
Interposer  card  for  R52 
v    1846-CTO,  94x,  95x,  96x,  97x,  98x, 
99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Cx,  9Dx,  9Ex,  9Fx, 
9Gx,  9Hx,  A2x,  A3x,  A4x,  A5x,  A6x, 
A7x,  A8x,  A9x,  AAx,  ABx,  ACx 
v    1847-CTO,  92x,  93x,  9Lx,  9Mx,  9Nx, 
9Px,  9Qx,  9Rx,  9Sx,  9Tx,  AEx,  AFx, 
AGx,  AHx,  AJx 
v    1848-CTO,  92x,  93x,  9Ux,  9Vx,  AKx, 
ALx 
v    1848-CTO,  9Wx,  9Xx,  9Yx,  9Zx,  91x, 
ADx,  AMx,  ANx,  APx 
v    1858-CTO,  9Hx,  9Jx,  9Kx,  9Lx,  9Mx, 
9Nx,  9Px,  9Qx,  9Rx,  9Sx,  9Tx,  9Ux, 
9Vx,  9Wx,  9Xx,  9Yx,  9Zx,  A2x,  A3x, 
A4x,  A5x,  A6x,  A7x,  A8x,  A9x,  AAx, 
ABx,  ACx,  ADx,  AEx,  AFx,  AGx,  AHx, 
AJx,  AKx,  ALx,  AMx,  ANx,  APx,  AQx, 
ARx,  ASx,  ATx,  AUx,  AVx,  AWx,  AXx, 
AYx,  B2x,  B3x,  B4x,  B5x 
v    1859-CTO,  B9x,  BAx,  BFx,  BGx,  BHx, 
BJx,  BKx,  BLx,  BMx 
v    1860-CTO,  BTx,  BUx,  BVx,  BWx,  BXx, 
BYx,  BZx,  C2x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  CAx, 
CBx 
v    1861-CTO,  BUx,  BZx,  CAx,  CBx 
39T0030  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  177

--- Page 184 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
9  Battery  pack,  Li-ion  (6  cell),  4.4  Ah 
Panasonic  OP 
v    1834-Kxx  except  KMx,  KNx;  Lxx;  Mxx 
except  MK,  MLx,  MYx,  MZx;  Qxx;  Rxx 
except  R2x,  Sxx 
v    1842-Mxx,  Qxx 
v    1843-all 
v    1844-all 
v    1845-all 
v    1858-CTO,  22x,  28x,  29x,  2Ex,  2Px, 
2Rx,  2Qx,  2Sx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  2Wx,  2Xx, 
2Zx,  32x,  33x,  34x,  37x,  38x,  3Bx, 
3Dx,  42x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x,  48x, 
49x,  4Ax,  4Cx,  4Dx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx, 
4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx,  4Tx,  4Ux,  4Vx,  4Wx, 
4Yx,  53x,  54x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Fx,  5Gx, 
5Hx,  5Jx,  5Lx,  5Mx,  5Nx,  5Px,  5Qx, 
5Rx,  5Tx,  5Vx,  5Ux,  5Wx,  5Xx,  5Yx, 
62x,  64x,  67x,  68x,  69x,  6Ax,  6Bx, 
6Cx,  6Dx,  6Ex,  6Fx,  6Hx,  6Jx,  6Kx 
v    1859-CTO,  23x,  24x,  27x,  2Ax,  2Hx, 
35x,  39x,  3Ax,  43x,  4Bx,  4Hx,  4Px, 
4Rx,  4Sx,  4Xx,  4Zx,  52x,  55x,  5Dx, 
63x,  66x 
v    1860-CTO,  25x,  2Bx,  2Fx,  2Kx,  2Lx, 
2Mx,  2Nx,  2Tx,  2Yx,  32x,  3Bx,  3Ex, 
4Jx,  4Mx,  4Qx,  56x,  57x,  58x,  5Bx, 
5Cx,  5Ex,  5Gx,  5Hx,  5Kx,  5Sx,  5Ux, 
5Zx,  69x,  6Fx,  6Gx,  6Jx 
v    1861-CTO,  25x,  26x,  2Bx,  2Fx,  2Gx, 
2Kx,  32x,  3Bx,  3Ex,  4Mx,  56x,  5Ex, 
5Sx,  69x,  6Fx,  6Gx,  6Jx 
v    1862-CTO,  2Cx 
v    1863-CTO,  2Dx 
92P1060  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
178  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 185 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
9  Battery  pack,  Li-ion  (6  cell),  4.4  Ah, 
Sanyo 
v    1846-CTO,  2Hx,  2Jx,  3Vx,  3Wx,  4Cx, 
4Dx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx, 
4Nx,  52x,  53x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  57x, 
58x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Bx,  5Cx,  5Dx,  5Ex, 
5Fx,  5Gx,  5Hx,  5Jx,  5Kx,  5Lx,  5Mx, 
5Nx,  5Px,  5Qx,  5Rx,  62x,  63x,  64x, 
65x,  66x,  67x,  68x,  69x,  6Ax,  6Bx, 
6Cx,  6Dx,  6Ex,  6Fx,  6Gx,  6Hx,  6Jx, 
6Kx,  6Lx,  6Mx,  6Nx,  6Px,  6Qx,  6Rx, 
6Sx,  6Tx,  6Ux 
v    1847-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x, 
27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax,  2Bx,  2Cx,  2Dx, 
2Ex,  2Fx,  2Gx,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x, 
36x,  37x,  38x,  39x,  3Ax,  3Bx,  3Cx, 
3Dx,  3Ex,  3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx, 
3Lx,  3Mx,  3Nx,  3Px,  3Qx,  3Rx,  3Sx, 
3Tx,  3Ux,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  46x, 
48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx 
v    1848-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x, 
27x,  2Fx,  2Gx,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x, 
36x,  37x,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  4Bx 
v    1849-CTO,  4Px,  4Qx,  4Rx,  5Sx,  5Tx, 
5Ux,  6Vx 
v    1850-CTO,  22x 
v    1870-CTO,  22x 
08K8193  * 
Battery  pack,  Li-ion  (6  cell),  4.4  Ah  (for  R52)  OP 
v    1843-all 
v    1844-all 
v    1845-all 
v    1846-CTO,  2Hx,  2Jx,  3Vx,  3Wx,  4Cx,  4Dx,  4Ex,  4Fx, 
4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Nx,  52x,  53x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  57x, 
58x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Bx,  5Cx,  5Dx,  5Ex,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Hx,  5Jx, 
5Kx,  5Lx,  5Mx,  5Nx,  5Px,  5Qx,  5Rx,  62x,  63x,  64x,  65x, 
66x,  67x,  68x,  69x,  6Ax,  6Bx,  6Cx,  6Dx,  6Ex,  6Fx,  6Gx, 
6Hx,  6Jx,  6Kx,  6Lx,  6Mx,  6Nx,  6Px,  6Qx,  6Rx,  6Sx,  6Tx, 
6Ux 
v    1847-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax, 
2Bx,  2Cx,  2Dx,  2Ex,  2Fx,  2Gx,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x, 
37x,  38x,  39x,  3Ax,  3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex,  3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx, 
3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx,  3Mx,  3Nx,  3Px,  3Qx,  3Rx,  3Sx,  3Tx,  3Ux, 
42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx 
v    1848-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  2Fx,  2Gx,  32x, 
33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  4Bx 
v    1849-CTO,  4Px,  4Qx,  4Rx,  5Sx,  5Tx,  5Ux,  6Vx 
v    1850-CTO,  22x 
v    1870-CTO,  22x 
Sanyo  92P1075  * 
Sony  92P1011  * 
Sony  92P1071  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  179

--- Page 186 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
9  Battery  pack,  Li-ion  (6  cell),  2.4  Ah  (for  R52) 
v    1843-all 
v    1844-all 
v    1845-all 
v    1846-CTO,  8xx,  9xx,  A4x,  A5x,  A6x,  A7x,  A8x,  A9x,  AAx, 
v    1847-CTO,  8xx,  9xx,  Axx 
v    1848-CTO,  8xx,  9xx,  Axx 
v    1849-CTO,  8Cx,  8Dx,  9Wx,  ADx 
v    1858-CTO;  9xx;  Axx  except  AJx,  AKx;  CCx 
v    1859-CTO,  B6x,  B7x,  B8x,  B9x,  BAx 
v    1860-CTO,  9xx,  Bxx,  Cxx 
v    1861-CTO,  9xx,  Bxx,  Cxx 
Sanyo  92P1087  * 
Sony  92P1089  * 
Panasonic  92P1091  * 
Battery  pack,  Li-ion  (9  cell),  6.6  Ah  (for  R52)  OP 
v    1846-CTO,  4Lx,  4Mx 
v    1847-CTO,  47x 
Sanyo  08K8198  * 
Sony  92P1013  * 
Battery  pack,  Li-ion  (9  cell),  7.2  Ah 
v    1858-CTO,  3Cx,  4Nx,  65x 
v    1859-CTO,  3Cx,  4Nx,  65x 
v    1860-CTO,  3Bx,  3Ex,  2Bx,  2Tx,  2Lx,  32x,  2Kx,  2Fx,  2Mx, 
2Nx,  4Mx,  4Jx,  4Qx,  69x,  6Fx,  6Gx,  6Jx,  5Ux,  5Zx,  57x, 
5Kx,  5Hx,  5Ex,  56x,  5Bx,  5Cx,  25x,  2Yx,  5Sx,  58x,  5Gx 
v    1861-CTO,  2Bx,  2Fx,  32x,  2Kx,  3Bx,  3Ex,  4Mx,  56x,  69x, 
5Ex,  6Fx,  6Gx,  6Jx,  25x,  26x,  2Gx,  5Sx 
v    1862-CTO 
v    1863-CTO 
v    1858-AJx,  AKx 
Sanyo  92P1077  * 
Sony  92P1073  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
180  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 187 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
9  Battery  pack,  Li-ion  (9  cell),  7.2  Ah, 
Panasonic 
v    1858-CTO,  3Cx,  4Nx,  65x 
v    1859-CTO,  3Cx,  4Nx,  65x 
v    1860-CTO,  3Bx,  3Ex,  2Bx,  2Tx,  2Lx, 
32x,  2Kx,  2Fx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  4Mx,  4Jx, 
4Qx,  69x,  6Fx,  6Gx,  6Jx,  5Ux,  5Zx, 
57x,  5Kx,  5Hx,  5Ex,  56x,  5Bx,  5Cx, 
25x,  2Yx,  5Sx,  58x,  5Gx 
v    1861-CTO,  2Bx,  2Fx,  32x,  2Kx,  3Bx, 
3Ex,  4Mx,  56x,  69x,  5Ex,  6Fx,  6Gx, 
6Jx,  25x,  26x,  2Gx,  5Sx 
v    1862-CTO 
v    1863-CTO 
v    1858-AJx,  AKx 
v    1846-A2x,  A3x,  ABx,  ACx 
92P1069  * 
For  optional  battery  packs,  see  “Optional  FRUs”  on  page 
259. 
10  Base  cover  assembly  1834 
14.1-in. 
v    1834-Kxx,  Lxx,  Q4x,  Q5x,  Q8x,  Q9x, 
QBx,  QCx 
26R8624  N 
15.0-in. 
v    1834-Mxx,  Q2x,  Q3x,  Q6x,  Q7x,  QAx, 
Rxx,  Sxx 
26R8629  N 
Base  cover  assembly  1842 
15.0-in. 
v    1842-Mxx,  Qxx 
26R8922  N 
Base  cover  assembly  1843 
14.1-in.  WW 
v    1843-22x,  23x,  2Fx,  2Gx,  2Hx,  2Jx, 
2Kx,  2Lx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  2Qx,  2Rx, 
2Sx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  2Wx,  2Xx,  2Yx, 
2Zx,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x, 
38x,  39x,  3Ax,  3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex, 
3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx,  3Mx,  5L 
41V9042  N 
15.0-in.  WW 
v    1843-24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x, 
2Ax,  2Bx,  2Cx,  2Dx,  2Ex,  3Nx,  3Px, 
3Qx,  3Rx,  3Sx,  3Tx,  3Ux,  3Vx,  3Wx, 
3Xx,  3Yx,  3Zx,  4xx,  5xx 
41V9043  N 
14.1-in.  Taiwan 
v    1843-2HV,  2ZV,  36V,  3EV,  3FV  ,3GV, 
3JV,  3MV 
41V9044  N 
15.0-in.  Taiwan 
v    1844-3NV,  59V 
41V9045  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  181

--- Page 188 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
10  Base  cover  assembly  1844 
14.1-in.  WW 
v    1844-CTO 
41V9046  N 
15.0-in.  WW 
v    1844-CTO 
41V9047  N 
Base  cover  assembly  1845 
14.1-in.  WW 
v    1845-CTO 
41V9048  N 
15.0-in.  WW 
v    1845-CTO 
41V9049  N 
14.1-in.  Taiwan 
v    1845-CTO 
41V9050  N 
15.0-in.  Taiwan 
v    1845-CTO 
41V9051  N 
Base  cover  assembly  1846 
14.1-in. 
v    1846-CTO,  5xx,  2xx 
v    1846-CTO,  84x,  85x,  86x.  87x,  88x, 
89x,  8Ax,  8Bx 
26R8771  N 
15.0-in. 
v    1846-CTO,  3xx,  4xx,  6xx 
v    1846-CTO,  A2x,  A3x,  A4x,  A5x,  A6x, 
A7x,  A8x,  A9x,  AAx,  ABx,  ACx  94x, 
95x,  96x,  97x,  98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx, 
9Cx,  9Dx,  9Ex,  9Fx,  9Gx,  9Hx 
26R8775  N 
Base  cover  assembly  1847 
14.1-in. 
v    1847-CTO,  5xx,  2xx 
v    1847-CTO,  82x,  83x,  8Ex,  8Fx,  8Gx, 
8Hx,  8Jx,  8Kx 
26R8772  N 
15.0-in. 
v    1847-CTO,  3xx,  4xx,  6xx 
v    1847-CTO,  AEx,  AFx,  AGx,  AHx,  AJx, 
92x,  93x,  9Lx,  9Mx,  9Nx,  9Px,  9Qx, 
9Rx,  9Sx,  9Tx 
26R8776  N 
Base  cover  assembly  1848 
14.1-in. 
v    1848-CTO,  2xx,  5xx 
v    1848-CTO,  82x,  83x,  8Lx,  8Mx,  8Nx 
26R8769  N 
15.0-in. 
v    1848-CTO,  3xx,  4xx,  6xx 
v    1848-CTO,  AKx,  ALx,  92x,  93x,  9Ux, 
9Vx 
26R8773  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
182  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 189 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
10  Base  cover  assembly  1849 
14.1-in. 
v    1849-CTO,  2xx,  5xx 
v    1849-CTO,  8Cx,  8Dx,  8Px,  8Qx,  8Rx, 
8Sx,  8Tx 
26R8770  N 
15.0-in. 
v    1849-CTO,  3xx,  4xx,  6xx 
v    1849-CTO,  ADx,  AMx,  ANx,  APx,  9Wx, 
9Xx,  9Yx,  9Zx,  91x 
26R8774  N 
Base  cover  assembly  1850 
14.1-in  WW 
v    1850-22x 
26R8633  N 
Base  cover  assembly  1858 
14.1-in. 
v    1858-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1858-CTO,  92x,  93x,  94x,  95x,  96x, 
97x,  98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Dx,  9Ex, 
9Fx,  9Gx,  CCx 
26R8737  N 
15.0-in. 
v    1859-CTO,  4xx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1858-9Hx,  9Jx,  9Kx,  9Lx,  9Mx,  9Nx, 
9Px,  9Qx,  9Rx,  9Sx,  9Tx,  9Ux,  9Vx, 
9Wx,  9Xx,  9Yx,  9Zx,  A2x,  A3x,  A4x, 
A5x,  A6x,  A7x,  A8x,  A9x,  AAx,  ABx, 
ACx,  ADx,  AEx,  AFx,  AGx,  AHx,  AJx, 
AKx,  ALx,  AMx,  ANx,  APx,  AQx,  ARx, 
ASx,  ATx,  AUx,  AVx,  AWx,  AXx,  AYx, 
B2x,  B3x,  B4x,  B5x 
26R8743  N 
Base  cover  assembly  1859 
14.1-in. 
v    1859-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1859-CTO,  B6x,  B7x,  B8x,  BBx,  BCx, 
BDx,  BEx 
26R8738  N 
15.0-in. 
v    1859-CTO,  4xx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1859-B9x,  BAx,  BFx,  BGx,  BHx,  BJx, 
BKx,  BLx,  BMx 
26R8744  N 
Base  cover  assembly  1860 
14.1-in.  WW 
v    1860-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1860-CTO,  BPx,  9Fx,  9Gx,  BQx,  BRx, 
BSx,  C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  C9x 
26R8739  N 
15.0-in.  WW 
v    1860-CTO,  4xx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1860-BTx,  BUx,  BVx,  BWx,  BXx,  BYx, 
BZx,  C2x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  CAx,  CBx 
26R8745  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  183

--- Page 190 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
10  Base  cover  assembly  1861 
14.1-in.  WW 
v    1861-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1861-CTO,  9Gx 
26R8740  N 
15.0-in. 
v    1861-CTO,  4xx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1861-BUx,  BZx 
26R8746  N 
Base  cover  assembly  1862 
14.1-in.  WW 
v    1862-CTO 
26R8741  N 
15.0-in.WW 
v    1862-CTO 
26R8747  N 
Base  cover  assembly  1863 
14.1-in.  WW 
v    1863-CTO 
26R8742  N 
15.0-in.WW 
v    1863-CTO 
26R8748  N 
Base  cover  assembly  1870 
14.1-in.  WW 
v    1870-22x 
26R8633  N 
11  CD-ROM  drive,  12.7  mm,  HLDS 
(CRN-8245B-AIBMJ0) 
v    1834-K3x,  K4x,  K5x,  K6x,  KMx,  KPx, 
KQx,  KRx,  M2x,  M3x,  M4x,  M7x,  M8x, 
MDx,  MEx,  MKx,  MMx,  MNx,  MYx, 
R4x,  R5x,  QBx,  QCx 
92P6565  * 
CR-ROM  drive,  12.7  mm,  TEAC 
(CD-224E-C) 
v    1834-K3x,  K4x,  K5x,  K6x,  KMx,  KPx, 
KQx,  KRx,  M2x,  M3x,  M4x,  M7x,  M8x, 
MDx,  MEx,  MKx,  MMx,  MNx,  MYx, 
R4x,  R5x,  QBx,  QCx 
v    1846-CTO 
v    1847-CTO,  3Bx 
v    1848-CTO 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1858-CTO,  22x,  29x,  4Tx,  4Ux 
v    1860-CTO,  25x,  2Mx,  57x,  58x,  5Bx, 
5Kx 
v    1861-CTO,  25x 
v    1858-9Bx,  9Ex,  9Nx,  9Px,  9Qx,  9Rx, 
CCx 
v    1860-BSx,  C6x 
v    1861-C6x 
92P6561  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
184  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 191 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
11  CD-ROM  drive,  12.7  mm,  TEAC 
(CD-224EN) 
v    1843-2Gx,  2Hx,  2Jx,  2Kx,  2Lx,  2Mx, 
2Nx,  2Yx,  2Zx,  32x,  38x,  3Px,  3Qx, 
3Tx,  3Ux,  3Vx,  3Wx,  3Yx,  3Zx,  45x, 
4Qx,  4Rx,  56x,  5Tx,  5Ux 
39T2660  * 
DVD-ROM  drive,  9.5  mm,  HLDS 
(GDR-8083N) 
v    1846-CTO 
v    1847-CTO 
v    1848-CTO 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1858-CTO 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO 
v    1861-CTO 
92P6579  * 
DVD-ROM  drive,  12.7  mm 
v    1834-KCx,  KEx,  KGx,  KHx,  KYx,  L2x,  L8x,  LDx,  LGx, 
LHx,  M5x,  M6x,  Q5x,  Q9x,  RKx 
v    1843-22x,  23x,  2Fx,  2Xx,  34x,  3Bx,  3Kx,  3Nx,  3Xx,  4Yx 
v    1844-5Fx 
v    1846-CTO,  52x,  56x,  57x,  5Bx,  5Dx,  5Fx,  5Hx,  5Kx,  5Lx, 
62x,  6Hx,  6Lx 
v    1847-CTO,  23x,  2Dx,  33x,  3Ax,  3Dx,  3Fx,  3Gx,  3Px 
v    1848-CTO,  23x,  33x 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1846-CTO,  84x,  85x,  86x 
v    1847-CTO 
v    1848-CTO 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1858-CTO,  2Ex,  2Px,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Wx,  2Xx,  33x,  34x, 
38x,  4Vx,  53x,  54x,  5Ax,  5Hx,  5Lx,  5Tx 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO,  2Lx,  2Kx,  56x,  5Hx 
v    1861-CTO,  2Kx,  56x 
v    1858-CTO,  92x,  97x,  9Jx,  B6x 
v    1859-CTO,  92x,  97x,  9Jx,  B6x 
v    1860-CTO,  92x,  97x,  9Jx,  B6x 
v    1861-CTO,  92x,  97x,  9Jx,  B6x 
HLDS  (GDR-8082N-IMJ0)  92P6567  * 
MKE  (SR-8177,  SR-8178)  92P6571  * 
HLDS  (GDR-8084)  39T2664  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  185

--- Page 192 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
11  DVD/CD-RW  combo  drive,  12.7  mm, 
PCC  (UJDA750,  UJDA760) 
v    1834-K7x,  K8x,  K9x,  KAx,  KBx,  KFx, 
KJx,  KLx,  KNx,  KSx,  KTx,  KUx,  KVx, 
KWx,  KXx,  KZx,  L3x,  L4x,  L5x,  L6x, 
L7x,  L9x,  LAx,  LBx,  LEx,  LFx,  M9x, 
MAx,  MBx,  MCx,  MFx,  MGx,  MHx, 
MJx,  MLx,  MPx,  MQx,  MTx,  MVx, 
MWx,  MXx,  MZx,  Q4x,  Q6x,  Q7x, 
Q8x,  R3x,  R6x,  R7x,  R8x,  R9x,  RAx, 
RCx,  RDx,  REx,  RHx,  RJx,  RMx,  RNx, 
RPx,  RTx,  RUx,  RWx,  KDx,  RQx, 
RSx,  S2x,  S3x,  S4x,  S6x,  S7x 
v    1842-MUx,  QDx,  QFx 
92P6573  * 
DVD/CD-RW  combo  drive,  12.7  mm, 
HLDS  (GCC-4241N-IMJ0) 
v    1834-K7x,  K8x,  K9x,  KAx,  KBx,  KFx, 
KJx,  KLx,  KNx,  KSx,  KTx,  KUx,  KVx, 
KWx,  KXx,  KZx,  L3x,  L4x,  L5x,  L6x, 
L7x,  L9x,  LAx,  LBx,  LEx,  LFx,  M9x, 
MAx,  MBx,  MCx,  MFx,  MGx,  MHx, 
MJx,  MLx,  MPx,  MQx,  MTx,  MVx, 
MWx,  MXx,  MZx,  Q4x,  Q6x,  Q7x, 
Q8x,  R3x,  R6x,  R7x,  R8x,  R9x,  RAx, 
RCx,  RDx,  REx,  RHx,  RJx,  RMx,  RNx, 
RPx,  RTx,  RUx,  RWx,  KDx,  RQx, 
RSx,  S2x,  S3x,  S4x,  S6x,  S7x 
v    1842-MUx,  QDx,  QFx 
(continued) 
92P6569  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
186  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 193 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
11  DVD/CD-RW  combo  drive,  12.7  mm, 
HLDS  (GCC-4241N-IMJ0) 
v    1846-CTO,  53x,  55x,  58x,  59x,  5Ax, 
5Cx,  5Ex,  5Gx,  5Jx,  5Mx,  5Px,  5Rx, 
63x,  67x,  69x,  6Ax,  6Bx,  6Cx,  6Dx, 
6Ex,  6Fx,  6Gx,  6Jx,  6Kx,  6Mx,  6Nx, 
6Rx,  6Tx,  6Ux,  4Fx,  4Hx,  4Kx,  2Hx, 
3Vx,  3Wx 
v    1847-CTO,  22x,  24x,  26x,  27x,  28x, 
29x,  2Ax,  2Bx,  2Cx,  2Ex,  32x,  34x, 
35x,  36x,  38x,  39x,  3Cx,  3Ex,  3Hx, 
3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx,  3Mx,  3Nx,  3Qx,  3Rx, 
3Sx,  3Tx,  3Ux,  46x,  48x,  2Fx 
v    1848-CTO,  22x,  24x,  26x,  27x,  32x, 
34x,  35x,  36x,  2Fx 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1850-22x 
v    1870-22x 
v    1846-CTO,  87x,  88x,  8Ax,  A4x,  A5x, 
94x,  95x,  96x,  97x,  98x,  9Ax,  9Bx, 
9Cx,  9Dx 
v    1847-CTO,  82x,  83x,  92x,  93x,  8Ex, 
8Fx,  8Gx,  8Hx,  AFx,  9Lx,  9Mx,  9Px, 
9Qx,  9Rx,  9Sx,  9Tx,  8Jx 
v    1848-CTO,  82x,  83x,  92x,  93x,  8Lx, 
9Ux,  8Mx 
v    1849-CTO,  8Cx,  9Wx 
v    1858-CTO,  28x,  2Sx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  2Zx, 
32x,  37x,  3Bx,  42x,  44x,  45x,  46x, 
49x,  4Ax,  4Cx,  4Dx,  4Ex,  4Kx,  4Wx, 
4Yx,  59x,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Jx,  5Mx,  5Nx, 
5Px,  5Qx,  5Rx,  5Ux,  5Vx,  5Wx,  5Xx, 
5Yx,  62x,  64x,  67x,  68x,  69x,  6Ax, 
6Cx,  6Dx,  6Fx,  6Jx 
v    1859-CTO,  2Ax,  2Hx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  55x, 
5Dx 
v    1860-CTO,  2Bx,  2Fx,  2Nx,  2Tx,  2Yx, 
32x,  3Bx,  4Jx,  4Qx,  5Cx,  5Ex,  5Gx, 
5Sx,  5Ux,  5Zx,  69x,  6Fx,  6Jx 
v    1861-CTO,  26x,  2Bx,  2Fx,  2Gx,  32x, 
3Bx,  5Ex,  5Sx,  69x,  6Fx,  6Jx 
(continued) 
92P6569  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  187

--- Page 194 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
11  DVD/CD-RW  combo  drive,  12.7  mm, 
TEAC  (DW-225) 
v    1846-CTO,  53x,  55x,  58x,  59x,  5Ax, 
5Cx,  5Ex,  5Gx,  5Jx,  5Mx,  5Px,  5Rx, 
63x,  67x,  69x,  6Ax,  6Bx,  6Cx,  6Dx, 
6Ex,  6Fx,  6Gx,  6Jx,  6Kx,  6Mx,  6Nx, 
6Rx,  6Tx,  6Ux,  4Fx,  4Hx,  4Kx,  2Hx, 
3Vx,  3Wx 
v    1847-CTO,  22x,  24x,  26x,  27x,  28x, 
29x,  2Ax,  2Bx,  2Cx,  2Ex,  32x,  34x, 
35x,  36x,  38x,  39x,  3Cx,  3Ex,  3Hx, 
3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx,  3Mx,  3Nx,  3Qx,  3Rx, 
3Sx,  3Tx,  3Ux,  46x,  48x,  2Fx 
v    1848-CTO,  22x,  24x,  26x,  27x,  32x, 
34x,  35x,  36x,  2Fx 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1850-22x 
v    1870-22x 
v    1846-CTO,  87x,  88x,  8Ax,  A4x,  A5x, 
94x,  95x,  96x,  97x,  98x,  9Ax,  9Bx, 
9Cx,  9Dx 
v    1847-CTO,  82x,  83x,  92x,  93x,  8Ex, 
8Fx,  8Gx,  8Hx,  AFx,  9Lx,  9Mx,  9Px, 
9Qx,  9Rx,  9Sx,  9Tx,  8Jx 
v    1848-CTO,  82x,  83x,  92x,  93x,  8Lx, 
9Ux,  8Mx 
v    1849-CTO,  8Cx,  9Wx 
v    1858-CTO,  28x,  2Sx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  2Zx, 
32x,  37x,  3Bx,  42x,  44x,  45x,  46x, 
49x,  4Ax,  4Cx,  4Dx,  4Ex,  4Kx,  4Wx, 
4Yx,  59x,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Jx,  5Mx,  5Nx, 
5Px,  5Qx,  5Rx,  5Ux,  5Vx,  5Wx,  5Xx, 
5Yx,  62x,  64x,  67x,  68x,  69x,  6Ax, 
6Cx,  6Dx,  6Fx,  6Jx 
v    1859-CTO,  2Ax,  2Hx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  55x, 
5Dx 
v    1860-CTO,  2Bx,  2Fx,  2Nx,  2Tx,  2Yx, 
32x,  3Bx,  4Jx,  4Qx,  5Cx,  5Ex,  5Gx, 
5Sx,  5Ux,  5Zx,  69x,  6Fx,  6Jx 
v    1861-CTO,  26x,  2Bx,  2Fx,  2Gx,  32x, 
3Bx,  5Ex,  5Sx,  69x,  6Fx,  6Jx 
(continued) 
92P6563  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
188  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 195 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
11  DVD/CD-RW  combo  drive,  12.7  mm, 
TEAC  (DW-225) 
v    1858-CTO,  93x,  94x,  98x,  99x,  9Ax, 
9Dx,  9Fx,  9Gx,  9Hx,  9Kx,  9Lx,  9Mx, 
9Sx,  9Tx,  9Ux,  9Vx,  A2x,  A3x,  A4x, 
A5x,  A6x,  A8x,  A9x,  ABx,  ACx,  AGx, 
AHx,  ALx,  AMx,  ANx,  APx,  AQx,  ARx, 
AWx,  AXx 
v    1859-CTO,  B7x,  B8x,  B9x,  BAx 
v    1860-CTO,  BPx,  9Fx,  9Gx,  BQx,  BRx, 
BTx,  BUx,  BVx,  BWx,  BYx,  BZx,  C2x, 
C4x,  C5x,  C7x,  C8x,  C9x,  CAx,  CBx 
v    1861-CTO,  9Gx,  BUx,  BZx,  C7x,  C8x, 
C9x,  CAx,  CBx 
v    1862-CTO,  2Cx 
v    1863-CTO,  2Dx 
92P6563  * 
DVD/CD-RW  combo  drive,  9.5  mm,  PCC 
(UJDA775y)  OP 
v    1846-CTO 
v    1847-CTO 
v    1848-CTO 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1858-CTO 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO 
v    1861-CTO 
13N6771  * 
DVD/CD-RW  combo  drive,  9.5  mm,  PCC 
(UJDA765y) 
v    1846-CTO 
v    1847-CTO 
v    1848-CTO 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1858-CTO 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO 
v    1861-CTO 
39T2505  * 
DVD/CD-RW  combo  drive,  9.5  mm, 
Toshiba  (SD-R9012) 
v    1858-CTO 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO 
v    1861-CTO 
92P5993  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  189

--- Page 196 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
11  DVD/CD-RW  combo  drive,  9.5  mm, 
HLDS  (GCC-4244N) 
v    1843-24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x, 
2Dx,  2Ex,  2Px,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx,  2Tx, 
2Ux,  2Vx,  2Wx,  33x,  35x,  36x,  37x, 
39x,  3Ax,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex,  3Fx,  3Gx, 
3Hx,  3Jx,  3Mx,  3Nx,  3Rx,  3Sx,  42x, 
43x,  44x,  46x,  47x,  48x,  49x,  4Bx, 
4Cx,  4Dx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Px,  4Sx, 
4Tx,  4Ux,  4Vx,  4Wx,  4Xx,  52x,  55x, 
57x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Bx,  5Cx,  5Dx,  5Lx, 
5Rx,  5Sx 
v    1844-5Gx,  5Hx,  5Jx 
v    1845-5Kx 
39T2668  * 
DVD/CD-RW  combo  drive,  9.5  mm,  PCC 
(UJDA770) 
v    1843-24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x, 
2Dx,  2Ex,  2Px,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx,  2Tx, 
2Ux,  2Vx,  2Wx,  33x,  35x,  36x,  37x, 
39x,  3Ax,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex,  3Fx,  3Gx, 
3Hx,  3Jx,  3Mx,  3Nx,  3Rx,  3Sx,  42x, 
43x,  44x,  46x,  47x,  48x,  49x,  4Bx, 
4Cx,  4Dx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Px,  4Sx, 
4Tx,  4Ux,  4Vx,  4Wx,  4Xx,  52x,  55x, 
57x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Bx,  5Cx,  5Dx,  5Lx, 
5Rx,  5Sx 
v    1844-5Gx,  5Hx,  5Jx 
v    1845-5Kx 
39T2666  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
190  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 197 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
11  DVD-RAM/RW  drive,  12.7  mm 
v    1834-LCx,  MSx,  MRx,  Q2x,  Q3x,  QAx,  R2x,  RBx,  RFx, 
RGx,  RXx,  S5x,  S9x, 
v    1842-QEx 
v    1843-2Ax,  2Bx,  2Cx,  3Lx,  4Ax,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Lx,  4Mx, 
4Nx,  4Zx,  53x,  54x,  58x,  5Mx,  5Nx,  5Px,  5Qx 
v    1846-CTO,  54x,  5Nx,  5Qx,  64x,  65x,  66x,  68x,  6Px,  6Qx, 
6Sx,  4Cx,  4Dx,  4Ex,  4Gx,  4Jx,  4Lx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  2Jx 
v    1847-CTO,  25x,  37x,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  47x,  49x,  4Ax, 
2Gx,  4Bx 
v    1848-CTO,  25x,  37x,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  2Gx,  4Bx 
v    1849-CTO,  4Qx 
v    1846-89x,  8Bx,  A2x,  A3x,  A6x,  A7x,  A8x,  A9x,  AAx,  ABx, 
ACx,  99x,  9Ex,  9Fx,  9Gx,  9Hx 
v    1847-AEx,  AGx,  AHx,  9Nx,  8Kx,  AJx 
v    1848-AKx,  9Vx,  8Nx,  ALx 
v    1849-8Dx,  ADx 
v    1858-CTO,  3Cx,  3Dx,  47x,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Lx,  4Mx,  4Nx, 
65x,  6Bx,  6Ex,  6Hx,  6Kx,  6Mx,  6Px,  6Sx,  6Ux 
v    1860-CTO,  3Ex,  4Mx,  6Gx 
v    1861-CTO,  3Ex,  4Mx,  6Gx 
v    1858-CTO,  95x,  96x,  9Wx,  9Xx,  9Yx,  9Zx,  A7x,  AAx, 
ADx,  AEx,  AFx,  AJx,  AKx,  ASx,  ATx,  AUx,  AVx,  AYx 
v    1860-CTO,  BXx 
HLDS  (GSA-4080N)  39T2503  * 
PCC  (UJ-830B)  13N6827  * 
DVD-RAM/RW  drive,  9.5  mm,  PCC 
(UJ-822B,  UJ822Z) 
v    1846-CTO 
v    1847-CTO 
v    1848-CTO 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1858-CTO 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO 
v    1861-CTO 
39T2507  * 
Travel  bezel 
v    Supported  by  CTO 
13N5354  * 
For  optional  Ultrabay  Enhanced  devices,  see  “Optional 
FRUs”  on  page  259. 
For  R52  series,  the  optical  drive  is  a  Tier  1  CRU.  For  R50e 
series,  the  optical  drive  is  a  Tier  2  CRU.
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  191

--- Page 198 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
12  Hard  disk  drive,  30  GB,  9.5  mm,  4,200  rpm 
v    1834-K3x,  K4x,  K5x,  K6x,  K7x,  K8x,  K9x,  KAx,  KBx, 
KGx,  KLx,  KPx,  KQx,  KRx,  KSx,  KTx,  KUx,  KVx,  KWx, 
KXx,  L2x,  L3x,  L4x,  L7x,  LGx,  LHx,  M2x,  M3x,  M4x,  M5x, 
M6x,  MBx,  MRx,  MSx,  R3x,  RKx 
v    1846-CTO,  5Kx,  6Hx 
v    1847-CTO 
v    1848-CTO 
v    1858-CTO,  29x,  2Ex,  53x,  5Qx 
v    1859-CTO,  2Ax,  55x 
v    1860-CTO,  2Lx 
v    1861-CTO 
Fujitsu  13N6903  * 
HGST  13N6883  * 
Hard  disk  drive,  40  GB,  9.5  mm,  4,200  rpm 
v    1834-KCx,  KDx,  KEx,  KFx,  KYx,  KZx,  L5x,  L6x,  L8x,  L9x, 
LAx,  LBx,  LCx,  LFx,  M7x,  M8x,  M9x,  MAx,  MCx,  MDx, 
MEx,  MFx,  MGx,  MHx,  MMx,  MNx,  MPx,  MQx,  MTx, 
MVx,  MWx,  MXx,  R4x,  R5x,  R6x,  R7x,  R8x,  R9x,  RAx, 
RBx,  RHx,  RTx,  RVx,  RWx,  RXx 
v    1842-MUx,  QDx,  QFx 
v    1843-2Fx,  2Xx,  33x,  34x,  3Ax,  3Bx,  3Gx,  3Nx,  3Xx,  4Px, 
4Sx,  59x 
v    1844-5Fx,  5Gx,  5Jx 
v    1846-CTO,  52x,  53x,  58x,  59x,  62x,  6Cx,  6Dx,  2Hx,  3Vx 
v    1847-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax,  2Dx,  2Ex,  33x, 
34x,  38x,  39x,  3Ax,  3Bx,  3Cx,  3Nx,  3Px,  42x,  46x,  2Fx 
v    1848-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  33x,  34x,  42x,  2Fx 
v    1849-CTO,  5Ux 
v    1850-22x 
v    1870-22x 
v    1858-CTO,  22x,  28x,  2Px,  4Ux,  4Yx,  5Lx,  5Tx,  5Rx 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO,  25x,  2Bx,  2Fx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Tx,  2Yx,  5Bx, 
5Cx,  5Sx 
v    1861-CTO,  25x,  26x,  2Bx,  2Fx,  2Gx,  5Sx 
Fujitsu  13N6905  * 
HGST  13N6885  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
192  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 199 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
12  Hard  disk  drive,  40  GB,  9.5  mm,  5,400 
rpm,  HGST  R 
v    1834-KHx,  KJx,  Q2x,  Q4x,  Q5x,  Q7x, 
Q8x,  Q9x,  QAx,  QBx,  QCx,  RMx, 
RNx,  RPx,  RQx,  RUx,  S2x,  S3x,  S4x, 
S5x,  S6x,  S7x 
v    1843-22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x, 
28x,  2Dx,  2Ex,  2Gx,  2Hx,  2Jx,  2Kx, 
2Lx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx, 
2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  2Wx,  2Yx,  2Zx,  32x, 
35x,  36x,  37x,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex,  3Fx, 
3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Px,  3Qx,  3Rx,  3Sx, 
3Tx,  3Ux,  3Vx,  3Wx,  3Yx,  3Zx,  42x, 
43x,  44x,  47x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Hx, 
4Jx,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Tx,  4Ux,  4Vx, 
4Wx,  4Xx,  4Yx,  4Zx,  5Ax,  5Rx,  5Sx, 
5Tx,  5Ux 
v    1845-5Kx 
v    1846-CTO,  56x,  57x,  5Bx,  5Cx,  5Dx, 
5Ex,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Hx,  5Jx,  5Lx,  6Ax, 
6Bx,  6Fx,  6Gx,  6Jx,  6Kx,  6Lx,  6Mx, 
6Nx,  6Tx,  6Ux 
v    1847-CTO,  32x,  3Mx,  3Qx,  3Rx,  3Sx, 
3Ux 
v    1848-CTO,  32x 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1846-84x,  85x,  86x,  87x,  96x,  9Ax, 
9Bx,  9Cx 
v    1847-82x,  83x,  8Fx,  9Lx,  9Mx,  9Qx, 
8Jx 
v    1848-82x,  83x,  9Ux,  8Mx 
v    1849-8Cx 
v    1858-CTO,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx,  2Ux,  2Vx, 
2Wx,  2Xx,  2Zx,  32x,  33x,  34x,  37x, 
38x,  3Bx,  3Cx,  4Tx,  5Mx,  5Nx,  5Ux, 
5Vx,  5Xx,  5Yx,  67x,  68x,  69x,  6Ax, 
6Cx,  6Dx,  6Ex 
v    1859-CTO,  2Hx,  5Dx 
v    1860-CTO,  2Fx,  2Kx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  32x, 
3Bx,  4Jx,  56x,  5Ex,  5Ux,  5Zx,  69x 
v    1861-CTO,  2Kx,  32x,  3Bx,  56x,  5Ex, 
69x 
v    1858-92x,  93x,  94x,  97x,  98x,  9Bx, 
9Dx,  9Ex,  9Fx,  9Gx,  9Hx,  9Jx,  9Nx, 
9Px,  9Qx,  9Rx,  9Sx,  9Tx,  9Wx,  9Xx, 
A4x,  A5x,  A6x,  A8x,  AGx,  AHx,  CCx 
v    1859-B6x,  B7x,  B9x 
v    1860-BPx,  9Fx,  9Gx,  BQx,  BRx,  BSx, 
BTx,  BUx,  BYx,  BZx,  C2x,  C3x,  C4x, 
C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  C9x,  CAx,  CBx 
v    1861-9Gx,  BUx,  BZx,  C6x,  C7x,  C8x, 
C9x,  CAx,  CBx 
39T2521  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  193

--- Page 200 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
12  Hard  disk  drive,  40  GB,  9.5  mm,  5,400 
rpm,  Toshiba 
v    1846-CTO,  56x,  57x,  5Bx,  5Cx,  5Dx, 
5Ex,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Hx,  5Jx,  5Lx,  6Ax, 
6Bx,  6Fx,  6Gx,  6Jx,  6Kx,  6Lx,  6Mx, 
6Nx,  6Tx,  6Ux 
v    1847-CTO,  32x,  3Mx,  3Qx,  3Rx,  3Sx, 
3Ux 
v    1848-CTO 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1846-84x,  85x,  86x,  87x,  96x,  9Ax, 
9Bx,  9Cx 
v    1847-82x,  83x,  8Fx,  9Lx,  9Mx,  9Qx, 
8Jx 
v    1848-82x,  83x,  9Ux,  8Mx 
v    1849-8Cx 
v    1858-CTO,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx,  2Ux,  2Vx, 
2Wx,  2Xx,  2Zx,  32x,  33x,  34x,  37x, 
38x,  3Bx,  3Cx,  4Tx,  5Mx,  5Nx,  5Ux, 
5Vx,  5Xx,  5Yx,  67x,  68x,  69x,  6Ax, 
6Cx,  6Dx,  6Ex 
v    1859-CTO,  2Hx,  5Dx 
v    1860-CTO,  2Fx,  2Kx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  32x, 
3Bx,  4Jx,  56x,  5Ex,  5Ux,  5Zx,  69x 
v    1861-CTO,  2Kx,  32x,  3Bx,  56x,  5Ex, 
69x 
v    1858-92x,  93x,  94x,  97x,  98x,  9Bx, 
9Dx,  9Ex,  9Fx,  9Gx,  9Hx,  9Jx,  9Nx, 
9Px,  9Qx,  9Rx,  9Sx,  9Tx,  9Wx,  9Xx, 
A4x,  A5x,  A6x,  A8x,  AGx,  AHx,  CCx 
v    1859-B6x,  B7x,  B9x 
v    1860-BPx,  9Fx,  9Gx,  BQx,  BRx,  BSx, 
BTx,  BUx,  BYx,  BZx,  C2x,  C3x,  C4x, 
C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  C9x,  CAx,  CBx 
v    1861-9Gx,  BUx,  BZx,  C6x,  C7x,  C8x, 
C9x,  CAx,  CBx 
v    1843-22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x, 
28x,  2Dx,  2Ex,  2Gx,  2Hx,  2Jx,  2Kx, 
2Lx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx, 
2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  2Wx,  2Yx,  2Zx,  32x, 
35x,  36x,  37x,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex,  3Fx, 
3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Px,  3Qx,  3Rx,  3Sx, 
3Tx,  3Ux,  3Vx,  3Wx,  3Yx,  3Zx,  42x, 
43x,  44x,  47x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Hx, 
4Jx,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Tx,  4Ux,  4Vx, 
4Wx,  4Xx,  4Yx,  4Zx,  5Ax,  5Rx,  5Sx, 
5Tx,  5Ux 
v    1845-5Kx 
13N6919  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
194  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 201 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
12  Hard  disk  drive,  40  GB,  9.5  mm,  5,400 
rpm,  Fujitsu 
v    1846-CTO,  56x,  57x,  5Bx,  5Cx,  5Dx, 
5Ex,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Hx,  5Jx,  5Lx,  6Ax, 
6Bx,  6Fx,  6Gx,  6Jx,  6Kx,  6Lx,  6Mx, 
6Nx,  6Tx,  6Ux 
v    1847-CTO,  32x,  3Mx,  3Qx,  3Rx,  3Sx, 
3Ux 
v    1848-CTO 
v    1849-CTO 
13N6913  * 
Hard  disk  drive,  40  GB,  9.5  mm,  5,400 
rpm,  Fujitsu 
v    1846-CTO,  84x,  85x,  86x,  87x,  96x, 
9Ax,  9Bx,  9Cx 
v    1847-CTO,  82x,  83x,  8Fx,  9Lx,  9Mx, 
9Qx,  8Jx 
v    1848-CTO,  82x,  83x,  9Ux,  8Mx 
v    1849-CTO,  8Cx 
v    1858-CTO,  92x,  93x,  94x,  97x,  98x, 
9Bx,  9Dx,  9Ex,  9Fx,  9Gx,  9Hx,  9Jx, 
9Nx,  9Px,  9Qx,  9Rx,  9Sx,  9Tx,  9Wx, 
9Xx,  A4x,  A5x,  A6x,  A8x,  AGx,  AHx, 
CCx 
v    1859-CTO,  B6x,  B7x,  B9x 
v    1860-CTO,  BPx,  9Fx,  9Gx,  BQx,  BRx, 
BSx,  BTx,  BUx,  BYx,  BZx,  C2x,  C3x, 
C4x,  C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  C9x,  CAx,  CBx 
v    1861-CTO,  9Gx,  BUx,  BZx,  C6x,  C7x, 
C8x,  C9x,  CAx,  CBx 
v    1843-22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x, 
28x,  2Dx,  2Ex,  2Gx,  2Hx,  2Jx,  2Kx, 
2Lx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx, 
2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  2Wx,  2Yx,  2Zx,  32x, 
35x,  36x,  37x,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex,  3Fx, 
3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Px,  3Qx,  3Rx,  3Sx, 
3Tx,  3Ux,  3Vx,  3Wx,  3Yx,  3Zx,  42x, 
43x,  44x,  47x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Hx, 
4Jx,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Tx,  4Ux,  4Vx, 
4Wx,  4Xx,  4Yx,  4Zx,  5Ax,  5Rx,  5Sx, 
5Tx,  5Ux 
v    1845-5Kx 
39T2549  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  195

--- Page 202 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
12  Hard  disk  drive,  60  GB,  9.5  mm,  4,200  rpm 
v    1834-LDx,  LEx,  MJx,  RCx,  RDx,  REx,  RFx,  RGx,  RJx 
v    1846-CTO,  5Ax,  5Mx,  5Nx,  5Px,  5Qx,  5Rx,  6Ex,  6Px, 
6Qx,  6Sx,  4Fx,  2Jx,  3Wx 
v    1847-CTO,  2Bx,  2Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  49x, 
4Ax,  2Gx,  4Bx 
v    1848-CTO,  2Gx,  4Bx 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1858-CTO,  3Dx,  42x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Cx, 
4Dx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Kx,  4vx,  4Wx,  54x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Fx,  5Gx, 
5Hx,  5Jx,  5Wx,  62x,  64x,  6Fx,  6Jx,  6Kx 
v    1859-CTO,  4Rx 
v    1860-CTO,  3Ex,  57x,  58x,  5Gx,  5Hx,  6Fx,  6Gx,  6Jx 
v    1861-CTO,  3Ex,  6Fx,  6Gx,  6Jx 
HGST  13N6887  * 
Fujitsu  13N6907  * 
Hard  disk  drive,  60  GB,  9.5  mm,  5,400 
rpm,  Fujitsu 
v    1846-CTO,  54x,  63x,  64x,  66x,  67x, 
6Rx,  4Cx,  4Hx,  4Kx 
v    1847-CTO,  25x,  26x,  35x,  3Fx,  43x, 
44x,  48x 
v    1848-CTO,  25x,  26x,  35x,  43x,  44x 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1858-CTO,  6Bxx,  6Hxx 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO 
v    1861-CTO 
13N6915  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
196  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 203 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
12  Hard  disk  drive,  60  GB,  9.5  mm,  5,400 
rpm,  HGST 
v    1843-29x,  2Bx,  2Cx,  3Lx,  3Mx,  4Bx, 
4Cx,  4Dx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx, 
52x,  53x,  54x,  55x,  5Bx,  5Cx,  5Dx, 
5Lx,  5Mx,  5Nx,  5Px,  5Qx 
v    1844-5Hx 
v    1846-CTO,  54x,  63x,  64x,  66x,  67x, 
6Rx,  4Cx,  4Hx,  4Kx 
v    1847-CTO,  25x,  26x,  35x,  3Fx,  43x, 
44x,  48x 
v    1848-CTO,  25x,  26x,  35x,  43x,  44x 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1846-88x,  89x,  8Ax,  8Bx,  A4x,  A9x, 
94x,  95x,  97x,  98x,  9Ex,  9Fx,  9Hx 
v    1847-92x,  93x,  8Ex,  8Gx,  8Hx,  AEx, 
AFx,  9Nx,  9Px,  9Rx,  9Sx,  9Tx,  8Kx, 
AJx 
v    1848-92x,  93x,  8Lx,  8Nx,  ALx 
v    1849-8Dx,  9Wx 
v    1858-CTO,  6Bxx,  6Hxx 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO 
v    1861-CTO 
v    1858-CTO,  95x,  96x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Kx, 
9Lx,  9Ux,  9Vx,  9Yx,  9Zx,  A2x,  A7x, 
A9x,  ABx,  ACx,  ADx,  AEx,  ALx,  AMx, 
ANx,  APx,  ASx,  ATx,  AWx 
v    1859-CTO,  B8x,  BAx 
v    1860-CTO,  BWx,  BXx,  C5x 
39T2523  * 
Hard  disk  drive,  60  GB,  9.5  mm,  5,400 
rpm,  Fujitsu 
v    1843-29x,  2Bx,  2Cx,  3Lx,  3Mx,  4Bx, 
4Cx,  4Dx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx, 
52x,  53x,  54x,  55x,  5Bx,  5Cx,  5Dx, 
5Lx,  5Mx,  5Nx,  5Px,  5Qx 
v    1844-5Hx 
v    1846-CTO,  88x,  89x,  8Ax,  8Bx,  A4x, 
A9x,  94x,  95x,  97x,  98x,  9Ex,  9Fx, 
9Hx 
v    1847-CTO,  92x,  93x,  8Ex,  8Gx,  8Hx, 
AEx,  AFx,  9Nx,  9Px,  9Rx,  9Sx,  9Tx, 
8Kx,  AJx 
v    1848-CTO,  92x,  93x,  8Lx,  8Nx,  ALx 
v    1849-CTO,  8Dx,  9Wx 
v    1858-CTO,  95x,  96x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Kx, 
9Lx,  9Ux,  9Vx,  9Yx,  9Zx,  A2x,  A7x, 
A9x,  ABx,  ACx,  ADx,  AEx,  ALx,  AMx, 
ANx,  APx,  ASx,  ATx,  AWx 
v    1859-CTO,  B8x,  BAx 
v    1860-CTO,  BWx,  BXx,  C5x 
39T2551  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  197

--- Page 204 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
12  Hard  disk  drive,  80  GB,  9.5  mm,  4,200  rpm 
v    1846-CTO,  55x,  65x,  68x,  69x,  4Dx,  4Ex,  4Gx,  4Lx 
v    1847-CTO,  27x,  36x,  37x,  3Kx,  3Lx,  3Tx,  45x,  47x 
v    1848-CTO,  27x,  36x,  37x,  45x 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1858-CTO 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO 
v    1861-CTO 
HGST  13N6889  * 
Fujitsu  13N6909  * 
Hard  disk  drive,  80  GB,  9.5  mm,  5,400 
rpm,  Fujitsu 
v    1846-CTO,  4Jx,  4Mx,  4Nx 
v    1847-CTO 
v    1848-CTO 
v    1849-CTO,  4Qx 
v    1858-CTO 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO 
v    1861-CTO 
13N6917  * 
Hard  disk  drive,  80  GB,  9.5  mm,  5,400 
rpm,  HGST 
v    1843-2Ax,  4Gx,  4Nx,  5Ex 
v    1844-CTO 
v    1845-CTO 
v    1846-CTO,  4Jx,  4Mx,  4Nx 
v    1847-CTO 
v    1848-CTO 
v    1849-CTO,  4Qx 
v    1846-99x,  9Dx,  9Gx,  A2x,  A5x,  A6x, 
A7x,  AAx,  ABx 
v    1847-AGx,  AHx 
v    1848-9Vx 
v    1849-ADx 
v    1858-CTO,  9Mx,  A3x,  AAx,  AFx,  AQx, 
ARx,  AUx,  AVx,  AXx,  AYx 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO,  BVx 
v    1861-CTO 
39T2525  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
198  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 205 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
12  Hard  disk  drive,  80  GB,  9.5  mm,  5,400  rpm 
v    1843-2Ax,  4Gx,  4Nx,  5Ex 
v    1844-CTO 
v    1845-CTO 
v    1846-99x,  9Dx,  9Gx,  A2x,  A5x,  A6x,  A7x,  AAx,  ABx 
v    1847-AGx,  AHx 
v    1848-9Vx 
v    1849-ADx 
v    1858-CTO,  9Mx,  A3x,  AAx,  AFx,  AQx,  ARx,  AUx,  AVx, 
AXx,  AYx 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO,  BVx 
v    1861-CTO 
Fujitsu  39T2553  * 
Toshiba  39T2557  * 
Hard  disk  drive,  80  GB,  9.5  mm,  7,200 
rpm,  HGST 
v    1846-CTO 
v    1847-CTO 
v    1848-CTO 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1858-CTO 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO 
v    1861-CTO 
39T2583  * 
Hard  disk  drive,  100  GB,  9.5  mm,  5,400  rpm 
v    1846-CTO,  A3x,  A8x,  ACx 
v    1847-CTO 
v    1848-CTO,  AKx 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1858-CTO,  AJx,  AKx 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO 
v    1861-CTO 
v    1862-CTO 
v    1863-CTO 
Toshiba  39T2555  * 
Fujitsu  39T2559  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  199

--- Page 206 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
13  Cover,  hard  disk  drive  for  models  with 
14.1-in.  LCD 
v    1834-Kxx,  Lxx,  Q4x,  Q5x,  Q8x,  Q9x, 
QBx,  QCx 
v    1843-22x,  23x,  2Fx,  2Gx,  2Hx,  2Jx, 
2Kx,  2Lx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  2Qx,  2Rx, 
2Sx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  2Wx,  2Xx,  2Yx, 
2Zx,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x, 
38x,  39x,  3Ax,  3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex, 
3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx,  3Mx, 
5Lx 
v    1844-5Fx,  5Jx 
v    1846-CTO,  2xx,  5xx 
v    1847-CTO,  2xx,  5xx 
v    1848-CTO,  2xx,  5xx 
v    1849-CTO,  2xx,  5xx 
v    1846-CTO,  84x,  85x,  86x.  87x,  88x, 
89x,  8Ax,  8Bx 
v    1847-CTO,  82x,  83x,  8Ex,  8Fx,  8Gx, 
8Hx,  8Jx,  8Kx 
v    1848-CTO,  82x,  83x,  8Lx,  8Mx,  8Nx 
v    1849-CTO,  8Cx,  8Dx,  8Px,  8Qx,  8Rx, 
8Sx,  8Tx 
v    1858-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1859-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1860-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1861-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1858-92x,  93x,  94x,  95x,  96x,  97x, 
98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Dx,  9Ex,  9Fx, 
9Gx,  CCx 
v    1859-B6x,  B7x,  B8x,  BBx,  BCx,  BDx, 
BEx 
v    1860-BPx,  9Fx,  9Gx,  BQx,  BRx,  BSx, 
C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  C9x 
v    1861-9Gx,  C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  C9x 
v    1862-2Cx 
v    1863-2Dx 
13N5189  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
200  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 207 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
13  Cover,  hard  disk  drive  for  models  with 
15.1-in.  LCD 
v    1834-Mxx,  Q2x,  Q3x,  Q6x,  Q7x,  QAx, 
Rxx,  Sxx 
v    1842-Mxx,  Qxx 
v    1843-24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x, 
2Ax,  2Bx,  2Cx,  2Dx,  2Ex,  3Nx,  3Px, 
3Qx,  3Rx,  3Sx,  3Tx,  3Ux,  3Vx,  3Wx, 
3Xx,  3Yx,  3Zx,  4xx,  5xx 
v    1844-5Gx,  5Hx 
v    1845-5Kx 
v    1846-CTO,  3xx,  4xx,  6xx 
v    1847-CTO,  3xx,  4xx,  6xx 
v    1848-CTO,  3xx,  4xx,  6xx 
v    1849-CTO,  3xx,  4xx,  6xx 
v    1846-A2x,  A3x,  A4x,  A5x,  A6x,  A7x, 
A8x,  A9x,  AAx,  ABx,  ACx  94x,  95x, 
96x,  97x,  98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Cx, 
9Dx,  9Ex,  9Fx,  9Gx,  9Hx 
v    1847-AEx,  AFx,  AGx,  AHx,  AJx,  92x, 
93x,  9Lx,  9Mx,  9Nx,  9Px,  9Qx,  9Rx, 
9Sx,  9Tx 
v    1848-AKx,  ALx,  92x,  93x,  9Ux,  9Vx 
v    1849-ADx,  AMx,  ANx,  APx,  9Wx,  9Xx, 
9Yx,  9Zx,  91x 
v    1858-CTO,  4xx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1859-CTO,  4xx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1860-CTO,  4xx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1861-CTO,  4xx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1858-9Hx,  9Jx,  9Kx,  9Lx,  9Mx,  9Nx, 
9Px,  9Qx,  9Rx,  9Sx,  9Tx,  9Ux,  9Vx, 
9Wx,  9Xx,  9Yx,  9Zx,  A2x,  A3x,  A4x, 
A5x,  A6x,  A7x,  A8x,  A9x,  AAx,  ABx, 
ACx,  ADx,  AEx,  AFx,  AGx,  AHx,  AJx, 
AKx,  ALx,  AMx,  ANx,  APx,  AQx,  ARx, 
ASx,  ATx,  AUx,  AVx,  AWx,  AXx,  AYx, 
B2x,  B3x,  B4x,  B5x 
v    1859-B9x,  BAx,  BFx,  BGx,  BHx,  BJx, 
BKx,  BLx,  BMx 
v    1860-BTx,  BUx,  BVx,  BWx,  BXx,  BYx, 
BZx,  C2x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  CAx,  CBx 
v    1861-BUx,  BZx,  CAx,  CBx 
13N5190  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  201

--- Page 208 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
14  Cover,  DIMM  slot  13N5188  * 
15  Speaker  assembly  (monaural)  (for  R50e, 
R51e) 
93P4720  N 
Speaker  assembly  (for  R52)  39T0801  N 
16  Backup  battery  02K7078  N 
17  Intel  PRO  Wireless  2200BG  Mini-PCI  Adapter 
v    1834-KGx,  KHx,  KJx,  KLx,  KPx,  KQx, 
KRx,  KSx,  KTx,  KUx,  KVx,  KWx,  KXx, 
KZx,  KYx,  L2x,  L3x,  L4x,  L5x,  L6x, 
L7x,  L8x,  L9x,  LAx,  LBx,  LCx,  LDx, 
LEx,  LFx,  MJx,  MMx,  MNx,  MPx, 
MQx,  MTx,  MVx,  MWx,  MXx,  Q2x, 
Q3x,  Q4x,  Q6x,  Q7x,  Q8x,  R3x,  R4x, 
R5x,  R6x,  R7x,  R8x,  R9x,  RAx,  RBx, 
RCx,  RDx,  RFx,  RGx,  RHx,  RJx,  RMx, 
RNx,  RPx,  RQx,  RRx,  RSx,  RTx,  S5x, 
S6x,  S7x,  S8x,  S9x  (only  for  xxU,  xxF, 
xxV) 
v    1842-MUx,  QDx,  QEx,  QFx  (only  for 
xxU,  xxF,  xxV) 
v    1858-CTO,  28x,  2Rx,  2Sx,  2Qx,  2Ux, 
2Vx,  2Wx,  2Xx,  2Zx,  32x,  33x,  34x, 
37x,  38x,  3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  42x,  44x, 
49x,  4Dx,  4Gx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Tx,  4Vx, 
4Wx,  4Yx,  54x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Fx,  5Gx, 
5Hx,  5Jx,  5Nx,  5Rx,  5Ux,  5Vx,  5Xx, 
64x,  67x,  69x  (only  for  xxU,  xxF,  xxV) 
v    1860-CTO,  25x,  2Bx,  2Fx,  2Tx,  32x, 
3Bx,  4Jx,  57x,  58x,  5Ex,  5Gx,  5Hx, 
5Kx,  5Ux,  5Zx,  69x  (only  for  xxU,  xxF, 
xxV) 
v    1861-CTO,  25x,  26x,  2Bx,  2Fx,  32x, 
3Bx,  5Ex,  69x  (only  for  xxU,  xxF,  xxV) 
93P3483  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
202  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 209 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
17  Intel  PRO  Wireless  2200BG  Mini-PCI  Adapter 
v    1834-KGx,  KHx,  KJx,  KLx,  KPx,  KQx, 
KRx,  KSx,  KTx,  KUx,  KVx,  KWx,  KXx, 
KZx,  KYx,  L2x,  L3x,  L4x,  L5x,  L6x, 
L7x,  L8x,  L9x,  LAx,  LBx,  LCx,  LDx, 
LEx,  LFx,  MJx,  MMx,  MNx,  MPx, 
MQx,  MTx,  MVx,  MWx,  MXx,  Q2x, 
Q3x,  Q4x,  Q6x,  Q7x,  Q8x,  R3x,  R4x, 
R5x,  R6x,  R7x,  R8x,  R9x,  RAx,  RBx, 
RCx,  RDx,  RFx,  RGx,  RHx,  RJx,  RMx, 
RNx,  RPx,  RQx,  RRx,  RSx,  RTx,  S5x, 
S6x,  S7x,  S8x,  S9x  (except  xxU,  xxF, 
xxV) 
v    1842-MUx,  QDx,  QEx,  QFx  (except 
xxU,  xxF,  xxV) 
v    1858-CTO,  28x,  2Rx,  2Sx,  2Qx,  2Ux, 
2Vx,  2Wx,  2Xx,  2Zx,  32x,  33x,  34x, 
37x,  38x,  3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  42x,  44x, 
49x,  4Dx,  4Gx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Tx,  4Vx, 
4Wx,  4Yx,  54x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Fx,  5Gx, 
5Hx,  5Jx,  5Nx,  5Rx,  5Ux,  5Vx,  5Xx, 
64x,  67x,  69x  (except  for  xxU,  xxF, 
xxV) 
v    1860-CTO,  25x,  2Bx,  2Fx,  2Tx,  32x, 
3Bx,  4Jx,  57x,  58x,  5Ex,  5Gx,  5Hx, 
5Kx,  5Ux,  5Zx,  69x  (except  for  xxU, 
xxF,  xxV) 
v    1861-CTO,  25x,  26x,  2Bx,  2Fx,  32x, 
3Bx,  5Ex,  69x  (except  for  xxU,  xxF, 
xxV) 
93P3485  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  203

--- Page 210 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
17  Intel  PRO  Wireless  2200BG  Mini-PCI  Adapter 
v    1846-CTO,  6DU,  6EU,  59F,  6DF,  6EF, 
59U 
v    1847-CTO,  22U,  32U,  3CU,  3JU,  3TU, 
48U,  22F,  2CF,  32F,  3CF,  3TF,  48F 
v    1848-CTO,  22U,  22F,  32U,  32F 
v    1849-CTO,  5SF,  5SU,  5FU,  5TU,  5UU, 
6VF,  6VU,  4PF,  4PU,  4FU,  4RU 
v    1850-CTO,  22F,  22F,  22V 
v    1870-CTO,  22F,  22F,  22V 
v    1846-96x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Cx  (only  for 
xxUx,  xxFx,  xxV) 
v    1847-82x,  83x,  92x,  93x  (only  for 
xxUx,  xxFx,  xxV) 
v    1848-82x,  83x,  92x,  93x,  9Ux  (only  for 
xxUx,  xxFx,  xxV) 
v    1849-8Cx,  9Wx  (only  for  xxUx,  xxFx, 
xxV) 
v    1858-CTO,  92x,  93x,  94x,  97x,  98x, 
99x,  9Ax,  9Fx,  9Gx,  9Hx,  9Jx,  9Kx, 
9Lx,  9Mx,  A2x,  A3x,  A6x,  ABx,  ACx, 
AGx,  AHx  (only  for  xxUx,  xxFx,  xxV) 
v    1859-CTO,  B7x,  B8x,  B9x,  BAx  (only 
for  xxUx,  xxFx,  xxV) 
v    1860-CTO,  BPx,  9Fx,  9Gx,  BUx,  BWx, 
BYx,  BZx,  C6x,  C7x  (only  for  xxUx, 
xxFx,  xxV) 
v    1861-CTO,  9Gx,  BUx,  BZx,  C6x,  C7x 
(only  for  xxUx,  xxFx,  xxV) 
v    1862-CTO  (only  for  xxUx,  xxFx,  xxV) 
v    1863-CTO  (only  for  xxUx,  xxFx,  xxV) 
39T0077  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
204  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 211 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
17  Intel  PRO  Wireless  2200BG  Mini-PCI  Adapter 
v    1846-CTO,  53x,  54x,  56x,  57x,  58x, 
59x,  5Bx,  5Cx,  5Dx,  5Ex,  5Fx,  5Gx, 
5Jx,  5Lx,  5Mx,  5Nx,  63x,  67x,  69x, 
6Cx,  6Dx,  6Ex,  6Fx,  6Gx,  6Jx,  6Kx, 
6Mx,  6Nx,  6Rx  (except  for  xxUx,  xxFx, 
xxV) 
v    1847-CTO,  22x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x, 
2Ax,  2Cx,  32x,  35x,  36x,  3Ax,  3Bx, 
3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex,  3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx, 
3Kx,  3Lx,  3Mx,  3Qx,  3Rx,  3Tx,  3Ux, 
48x,  49x,  4Ax  (except  for  xxUx,  xxFx, 
xxV) 
v    1848-CTO,  22x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x, 
32x,  35x,  36x  (except  for  xxUx,  xxFx, 
xxV) 
v    1849-CTO,  5Ux  (except  for  xxUx, 
xxFx,  xxV) 
v    1850-CTO,  22x  (except  for  xxUx, 
xxFx,  xxV) 
v    1870-CTO,  22x  (except  for  xxUx, 
xxFx,  xxV) 
v    1846-84x,  85x,  86x,  87x,  88x,  89x, 
8Ax,  8Bx,  94x,  95x,  97x,  98x,  9Cx, 
9Dx,  9Fx  (except  for  xxUx,  xxFx,  xxV) 
v    1847-82x,  83x,  92x,  93x,  AEx,  AHx, 
9Lx,  9Mx,  9Rx  (except  for  xxUx,  xxFx, 
xxV) 
v    1848-82x,  83x,  92x,  93x,  9Ux  (except 
for  xxUx,  xxFx,  xxV) 
v    1849-8Cx,  9Wx  (except  for  xxUx, 
xxFx,  xxV) 
v    1858-CTO,  92x,  93x,  94x,  97x,  98x, 
99x,  9Ax,  9Fx,  9Gx,  9Hx,  9Jx,  9Kx, 
9Lx,  9Mx,  A2x,  A3x,  A6x,  ABx,  ACx, 
AGx,  AHx  (except  for  xxUx,  xxFx,  xxV) 
v    1859-CTO,  B7x,  B8x,  B9x,  BAx 
(except  for  xxUx,  xxFx,  xxV) 
v    1860-CTO,  BPx,  9Fx,  9Gx,  BUx,  BWx, 
BYx,  BZx,  C6x,  C7x  (except  for  xxUx, 
xxFx,  xxV) 
v    1861-CTO,  9Gx,  BUx,  BZx,  C6x,  C7x 
(except  for  xxUx,  xxFx,  xxV) 
v    1862-CTO  (except  for  xxUx,  xxFx, 
xxV) 
v    1863-CTO  (except  for  xxUx,  xxFx, 
xxV) 
39T0079  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  205

--- Page 212 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
17  ThinkPad  11b/g  Wireless  LAN  Mini  PCI  Adapter 
v    1846-CTO,  6AV,  6BV 
v    1847-CTO,  28U,  29U,  2BU,  2DV,  2FU, 
2GU,  38U,  39U,  3PV,  3SF,  3SU,  43V, 
46U,  4BU 
v    1848-CTO 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1858-CTO 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO 
v    1861-CTO 
93P3475  N 
v    1846-CTO 
v    1847-CTO,  34G,  37G,  42G,  43G,  44G, 
45G 
v    1848-CTO 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1858-CTO 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO 
v    1861-CTO 
93P3477 
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
206  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 213 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
17  ThinkPad  11b/g  Wireless  LAN  Mini  PCI  Adapter 
v    1843-35U,  3CU,  3GU,  3HU,  3MU, 
42U,  47U,  4SU,  5BU,  3GF,  3MF,  5BF, 
36V,  3EV,  3FV,  3GV,  3JV,  3MV 
v    1844-5Gx,  5Hx  (only  for  xxU,  xxV) 
v    1845-5Kx  (only  for  xxU,  xxV) 
v    1846-CTO,  6AV,  6BV 
v    1847-CTO,  28U,  29U,  2BU,  38U,  39U, 
46U,  2FU,  2GU,  4BU,  3SU,  3SF,  2DV, 
3PV,  43V 
v    1848-CTO 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1858-CTO 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO 
v    1861-CTO 
39T0073  N 
v    1843-3GL,  3ML,  5BF,  3GL,  3ML,  4PL, 
55L,  3GP,  3MP,  4PP,  55P,  3GS,  3MS, 
4PS,  55S,  3GY,  3MY,  4PY,  55Y,  3GG, 
3MG,  5DG,  36M,  3GM,  3MM,  37Q, 
3EQ,  3GQ,  3JQ,  3MQ,  4TQ,  5AQ, 
37A,  3EA,  3GA,  3JA,  3MA,  4TA,  5AA, 
3EB,  3FB,  3HB,  3LB,  5LB,  3EH,  3FH, 
3HH,  3LH,  5LH,  33C,  34C,  36C,  37C, 
3AC,  3BC,  3GC,  3JC,  3KC,  3LC, 
3MC,  3XC,  4TC,  4UC,  4YC,  3GE, 
3ME,  3YJ,  3ZJ,  43J,  44J,  4QJ,  4RJ, 
4WJ,  4XJ,  53J,  54J,  3EK,  3GK,  3MK, 
3XK,  4DK 
v    1844-5Gx,  5Hx  (only  for  xxG,  xxE, 
xxJ) 
v    1845-5Kx  (only  for  xxG,  xxE,  xxJ) 
v    1846-CTO 
v    1847-CTO,  34G,  37G,  42G,  43G,  44G, 
45G 
v    1848-CTO 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1858-CTO 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO 
v    1861-CTO 
39T0075  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  207

--- Page 214 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
17  ThinkPad  11a/b/g  Wireless  LAN  Mini  PCI  Adapter  II 
v    1834-QAx,  REx,  RUx,  RWx,  RXx  (only 
for  xxB,  xxFx,  xxH,  xxM,  xxP,  xxU) 
93P4262  N 
v    1846-CTO 
v    1847-CTO 
v    1848-CTO 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1858-CTO 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO 
v    1861-CTO 
v    1843-59U,  48M,  49M,  4AM,  4BM, 
4CM,  4EM,  4FM,  4GM,  4HM,  4JM, 
4KM,  4LM,  4MM,  4NM,  4VM,  4ZM, 
59M,  59A,  59C 
v    1844-CTO 
v    1845-CTO 
39T0081  N 
v    1834-QAx,  REx,  RUx,  RWx,  RXx  (only 
for  xxG) 
93P4264  N 
v    1846-CTO 
v    1847-CTO 
v    1848-CTO,  8Lx,  AKx 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1858-CTO,  9Dx 
v    1859-CTO,  9Dx 
v    1860-CTO,  9Dx 
v    1861-CTO,  9Dx 
v    1843-59F,  59L,  59P,  59S,  59Y,  25G, 
26G,  27G,  28G,  29G,  2AG,  2BG, 
2CG,  2DG,  2EG,  3DG,  59G,  5EG, 
59Q,  52K,  59K,  5CK 
v    1844-CTO 
v    1845-CTO 
39T0083  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
208  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 215 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
17  ThinkPad  11a/b/g  Wireless  LAN  Mini  PCI  Adapter  II 
v    1834-QAx,  REx,  RUx,  RWx,  RXx  (only 
for  xxV) 
v    1843-59V 
v    1844-CTO 
v    1845-CTO 
v    1846-CTO 
v    1847-CTO 
v    1848-CTO 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1858-CTO 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO 
v    1861-CTO 
27K9997  N 
v    1834-QAx,  REx,  RUx,  RWx,  RXx  (only 
for  xxJ) 
v    1843-59E 
v    1844-CTO 
v    1845-CTO 
v    1846-CTO 
v    1847-CTO 
v    1848-CTO 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1858-CTO 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO 
v    1861-CTO 
93P4266  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  209

--- Page 216 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
17  Intel  PRO  Wireless  2915ABG  Mini-PCI  Adapter 
v    1846-CTO,  2HU,  2JU,  3VU,  3WU, 
5AU,  6LU,  6QU,  6TU,  5AF,  6LF,  6QF, 
6TF 
v    1847-CTO,  28x,  29x,  2Bx,  2Dx,  38x, 
39x,  3Nx,  3Px,  3Sx,  43x,  46x,  2Fx, 
2Gx,  4Bx 
v    1848-CTO,  2FU,  2GU,  4BU 
v    1849-CTO,  4Qx 
v    1846-CTO 
v    1847-CTO,  8Ex,  8Fx,  8Gx,  8Hx,  AFx, 
AGx,  9Px,  9Qx,  9Sx,  9Tx,  8Jx,  8Kx, 
AJx 
v    1848-CTO,  8Mx,  8Nx,  ALx 
v    1849-CTO,  8Dx,  ADx 
v    1858-CTO,  45x,  46x,  47x,  4Ax,  4Cx, 
4Ex,  4Fx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  5Mx,  5Px,  5Qx, 
5Wx,  5Yx,  62x,  65x,  68x,  6Ax,  6Bx, 
6Cx,  6Dx,  6Ex,  6Fx,  6Hx,  6Jx,  6Kx 
(only  for  xxU,  xxF,  xxM,  xxB,  xxH) 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO,  2Lx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Yx,  3Ex, 
4Mx,  4Qx,  5Bx,  5Cx,  5Sx,  6Fx,  6Gx, 
6Jx  (only  for  xxU,  xxF,  xxM,  xxB,  xxH) 
v    1861-CTO,  2Gx,  3Ex,  4Mx,  5Sx,  6Fx, 
6Gx,  6Hx  (only  for  xxU,  xxF,  xxM,  xxB, 
xxH) 
v    1858-95x,  96x,  9Sx,  9Tx,  9Ux,  9Vx, 
9Wx,  9Xx,  9Yx,  9Zx,  A4x,  A5x,  A7x, 
A8x,  A9x,  AAx,  ADx,  AEx,  AFx,  AJx, 
AKx,  ALx,  AMx,  ANx,  APx,  AQx,  ARx, 
ASx,  ATx,  AUx,  AVx,  AWx,  AXx,  AYx 
(only  for  xxU,  xxF,  xxM,  xxB,  xxH) 
v    1860-BQx,  BRx,  BSx,  BTx,  BVx,  BXx, 
C2x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  C8x,  C9x,  CAx, 
CBx  (only  for  xxU,  xxF,  xxM,  xxB,  xxH) 
v    1861-C8x,  C9x,  CAx,  CBx  (only  for 
xxU,  xxF,  xxM,  xxB,  xxH) 
93P4235  N 
v    1858-95x,  96x,  9Sx,  9Tx,  9Ux,  9Vx, 
9Wx,  9Xx,  9Yx,  9Zx,  A4x,  A5x,  A7x, 
A8x,  A9x,  AAx,  ADx,  AEx,  AFx,  AJx, 
AKx,  ALx,  AMx,  ANx,  APx,  AQx,  ARx, 
ASx,  ATx,  AUx,  AVx,  AWx,  AXx,  AYx 
(only  for  xxG,  xxA) 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-BQx,  BRx,  BSx,  BTx,  BVx,  BXx, 
C2x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  C8x,  C9x,  CAx, 
CBx  (only  for  xxG,  xxA) 
v    1861-C8x,  C9x,  CAx,  CBx  (only  for 
xxG,  xxA) 
39T0389  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
210  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 217 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
17  Intel  PRO  Wireless  2915ABG  Mini-PCI  Adapter 
v    1846-CTO,  55x,  64x,  65x,  66x,  68x, 
4Cx,  4Dx,  4Ex 
v    1847-CTO,  34G,  37G,  42G,  43G,  44G, 
45G 
v    1848-CTO,  34G,  37G,  42G,  43G,  44G, 
45G 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1846-CTO,  A2x,  A3x,  A7x,  A8x,  A9x, 
9Ex,  9Hx 
v    1847-CTO 
v    1848-CTO,  9Vx 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1858-CTO,  45x,  46x,  47x,  4Ax,  4Cx, 
4Ex,  4Fx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  5Mx,  5Px,  5Qx, 
5Wx,  5Yx,  62x,  65x,  68x,  6Ax,  6Bx, 
6Cx,  6Dx,  6Ex,  6Fx,  6Hx,  6Jx,  6Kx 
(only  for  xxG,  xxA) 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO,  2Lx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Yx,  3Ex, 
4Mx,  4Qx,  5Bx,  5Cx,  5Sx,  6Fx,  6Gx, 
6Jx  (only  for  xxG,  xxA) 
v    1861-CTO,  2Gx,  3Ex,  4Mx,  5Sx,  6Fx, 
6Gx,  6Hx  (only  for  xxG,  xxA) 
93P4237  N 
v    1847-CTO 
v    1848-CTO 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1858-CTO,  45x,  46x,  47x,  4Ax,  4Cx, 
4Ex,  4Fx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  5Mx,  5Px,  5Qx, 
5Wx,  5Yx,  62x,  65x,  68x,  6Ax,  6Bx, 
6Cx,  6Dx,  6Ex,  6Fx,  6Hx,  6Jx,  6Kx 
(only  for  xxJ,  xxE) 
v    1860-CTO,  2Lx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Yx,  3Ex, 
4Mx,  4Qx,  5Bx,  5Cx,  5Sx,  6Fx,  6Gx, 
6Jx  (only  for  xxJ,  xxE) 
v    1861-CTO,  2Gx,  3Ex,  4Mx,  5Sx,  6Fx, 
6Gx,  6Hx  (only  for  xxJ,  xxE) 
93P4239  N 
v    1858-95x,  96x,  9Sx,  9Tx,  9Ux,  9Vx, 
9Wx,  9Xx,  9Yx,  9Zx,  A4x,  A5x,  A7x, 
A8x,  A9x,  AAx,  ADx,  AEx,  AFx,  AJx, 
AKx,  ALx,  AMx,  ANx,  APx,  AQx,  ARx, 
ASx,  ATx,  AUx,  AVx,  AWx,  AXx,  AYx 
(only  for  xxJ,  xxE) 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-BQx,  BRx,  BSx,  BTx,  BVx,  BXx, 
C2x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  C8x,  C9x,  CAx, 
CBx  (only  for  xxJ,  xxE) 
v    1861-C8x,  C9x,  CAx,  CBx  (only  for 
xxJ,  xxE) 
39T0391  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  211

--- Page 218 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
17  Intel  PRO  Wireless  2915ABG  Mini-PCI  Adapter 
v    1858-95x,  96x,  9Sx,  9Tx,  9Ux,  9Vx, 
9Wx,  9Xx,  9Yx,  9Zx,  A4x,  A5x,  A7x, 
A8x,  A9x,  AAx,  ADx,  AEx,  AFx,  AJx, 
AKx,  ALx,  AMx,  ANx,  APx,  AQx,  ARx, 
ASx,  ATx,  AUx,  AVx,  AWx,  AXx,  AYx 
(only  for  xxL,  xxP,  xxS,  xxY,  xxC,  xxK, 
xxV) 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-BQx,  BRx,  BSx,  BTx,  BVx,  BXx, 
C2x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  C8x,  C9x,  CAx, 
CBx  (only  for  xxL,  xxP,  xxS,  xxY,  xxC, 
xxK,  xxV) 
v    1861-C8x,  C9x,  CAx,  CBx  (only  for 
xxL,  xxP,  xxS,  xxY,  xxC,  xxK,  xxV) 
39T0393  N 
v    1846-CTO,  5RV,  4LV,  5PC,  5QC,  4LH, 
4LA,  4LB 
v    1847-CTO,  2Dx,  2Ex,  3Nx,  3Px,  43x, 
47x 
v    1848-CTO 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1846-A2x,  A3x,  A4x,  A5x,  A6x,  AAx, 
ABx,  ACx,  99x,  9Gx 
v    1847-8Fx,  9Nx,  9Px 
v    1849-8Dx,  ADx 
v    1858-CTO,  45x,  46x,  47x,  4Ax,  4Cx, 
4Ex,  4Fx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  5Mx,  5Px,  5Qx, 
5Wx,  5Yx,  62x,  65x,  68x,  6Ax,  6Bx, 
6Cx,  6Dx,  6Ex,  6Fx,  6Hx,  6Jx,  6Kx 
(only  for  xxL,  xxP,  xxS,  xxY,  xxC,  xxK, 
xxV) 
v    1860-CTO,  2Lx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Yx,  3Ex, 
4Mx,  4Qx,  5Bx,  5Cx,  5Sx,  6Fx,  6Gx, 
6Jx  (only  for  xxL,  xxP,  xxS,  xxY,  xxC, 
xxK,  xxV) 
v    1861-CTO,  2Gx,  3Ex,  4Mx,  5Sx,  6Fx, 
6Gx,  6Hx  (only  for  xxL,  xxP,  xxS,  xxY, 
xxC,  xxK,  xxV) 
93P4241  N 
18  System  board  assembly  with  10/100 
Ethernet  (for  R50e) 
v    1834-K3x,  K4x,  K5x,  K6x,  K7x,  K8x, 
K9x,  KAx,  KBx,  KCx,  KDx,  KEx,  KFx, 
LGx,  LHx,  M2x,  M3x,  M4x,  M5x,  M6x, 
M7x,  M8x,  M9x,  MAx,  MBx,  MCx, 
MDx,  MEx,  MFx,  MGx,  MHx,  MRx, 
MSx,  Q5x,  Q9x,  QBx,  QCx,  RKx,  RVx, 
S2x,  S3x,  S4x 
39T0334  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
212  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 219 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
18  System  board  assembly  with  10/100 
Ethernet,  wireless  (for  R50e) 
v    1834-KGx,  KHx,  KJx,  KLx,  KMx,  KNx, 
KPx,  KQx,  KRx,  KSx,  KTx,  KUx,  KVx, 
KWx,  KXx,  KYx,  KZx,  L2x,  L3x,  L4x, 
L5x,  L6x,  L7x,  L8x,  L9x,  LAx,  LBx, 
LCx,  LDx,  LEx,  LFx,  MJx,  MKx,  MLx, 
MMx,  MNx,  MPx,  MQx,  MTx,  MVx, 
MWx,  MXx,  MYx,  MZx,  Q2x,  Q3x, 
Q4x,  Q6x,  Q7x,  Q8x,  QAx,  R2x,  R3x, 
R4x,  R5x,  R6x,  R7x,  R8x,  R9x,  RAx, 
RBx,  RCx,  RDx,  REx,  RFx,  RGx,  RHx, 
RJx,  RMx,  RNx,  RPx,  RQx,  RRx,  RSx, 
RTx,  RUx,  RWx,  RXx,  S5x,  S6x,  S7x, 
S8x,  S9x 
v    1842-MUx,  QDx,  QEx,  QFx 
39T0336  N 
System  board  assembly  with  10/100 
Ethernet  (for  R51e) 
v    1843-22x,  23x,  24x,  2Fx,  2Gx,  2Hx, 
2Jx,  2Kx,  2Lx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  2Qx, 
2Rx,  2Sx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  2Wx,  2Xx, 
2Yx,  2Zx,  32x,  3Nx,  3Px,  3Qx,  3Rx, 
3Sx,  3Tx,  3Ux,  3Vx,  3Wx,  5Mx,  5Nx, 
5Px,  5Qx,  5Rx,  5Sx,  5Tx,  5Ux 
v    1844-5Fx,  5Jx 
39T5696  N 
System  board  assembly  with  10/100 
Ethernet,  wireless  (for  R51e) 
v    1843-25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax, 
2Bx,  2Cx,  2Dx,  2Ex,  33x,  34x,  35x, 
36x,  37x,  38x,  39x,  3Ax,  3Bx,  3Cx, 
3Dx,  3Ex,  3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx, 
3Lx,  3Mx,  3Xx,  3Yx,  3Zx,  42x,  43x, 
44x,  45x,  46x,  47x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax, 
4Bx,  4Cx,  4Dx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx, 
4Jx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Qx, 
4Rx,  4Sx,  4Tx,  4Ux,  4Vx,  4Wx,  4Xx, 
4Yx,  4Zx,  52x,  53x,  54x,  55x,  56x, 
57x,  58x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Bx,  5Cx,  5Dx, 
5Ex,  5Lx 
v    1844-5Gx,  5Hx 
v    1845-5Kx 
39T5695  N 
System  board  assembly,  M22-32  Gigabit 
Ether  with  security  chip,  without 
IEEE1394  (for  R52) 
v    1846-CTO,  52x,  53x,  56x,  57x,  58x, 
59x,  5A 
v    1847-CTO,  28x,  38x 
v    1848-CTO 
v    1849-CTO,  5Sx,  6Wx 
39T0006  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  213

--- Page 220 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
18  System  board  assembly,  M22-64  Gigabit 
Ether  with  security  chip,  without 
IEEE1394  (for  R52) 
v    1846-CTO,  62x,  6Ax,  6Bx,  6Cx,  6Dx, 
6Ex,  6Tx 
v    1847-CTO,  22x,  23x,  29x,  2Ax,  2Bx, 
2Cx,  47x,  32x,  33x,  39x,  3Ax,  3Bx, 
3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex,  3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx, 
3Kx,  3Lx 
v    1848-CTO,  22x,  23x,  32x,  33x 
v    1849-CTO 
v    1850-22x 
v    1870-22x 
39T0050  N 
System  board  assembly,  M22-32  Gigabit 
Ether  with  security  chip,  IEEE1394  (for 
R52) 
v    1846-CTO,  54x,  55x,  5Bx,  5Cx,  5Dx, 
5Ex,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Hx,  5Jx,  5Kx,  5Lx, 
5Mx,  5Nx,  5Px,  5Qx,  5Rx,  63x,  64x, 
65x,  66x,  67x,  68x,  69x,  6Fx,  6Gx, 
6Hx,  6Jx,  6Kx,  6Lx,  6Mx,  6Nx,  6Px, 
6Qx,  6Rx,  6Sx,  6Ux,  4Cx,  4Dx,  4Ex, 
4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx, 
4Nx,  2Hx,  2Jx,  3Vx,  3Wx 
v    1847-CTO,  26x,  2Dx,  2Ex,  2Fx,  2Gx, 
24x,  25x,  27x,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  46x, 
48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  3Mx,  3Nx,  3Px, 
3Qx,  3Rx,  3Sx,  3Tx,  34x,  35x,  36x, 
37x,  3Ux 
v    1848-CTO,  26x,  2Fx,  2Gx,  24x,  25x, 
27x,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  4Bx,  34x, 
35x,  36x,  37x 
v    1849-CTO 
39T0051  N 
System  board  assembly,  M22-32  Gigabit 
Ether  with  security  chip,  without 
IEEE1394  (for  R52) 
v    1846-CTO,  84x,  85x 
v    1847-CTO 
v    1848-CTO 
v    1849-CTO 
39T0433  N 
System  board  assembly,  M22-64  Gigabit 
Ether  with  security  chip,  without 
IEEE1394  (for  R52) 
v    1846-CTO,  8Ax 
v    1847-CTO,  82x,  83x,  92x,  93x,  8Ex, 
8Fx,  8Gx,  8Hx,  9Nx,  9Px,  9Qx,  9Rx, 
9Sx,  9Tx 
v    1848-CTO,  82x,  83x,  92x,  93x 
v    1849-CTO,  8Px,  8Qx,  8Sx,  8Tx,  ANx, 
APx,  9Xx,  9Yx,  9Zx 
39T0434  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
214  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 221 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
18  System  board  assembly,  M22-64  Gigabit 
Ether  with  security  chip,  IEEE1394  (for 
R52) 
v    1846-CTO,  86x,  87x,  88x,  89x,  8Bx, 
A2x,  A3x,  A4x,  A5x,  A6x,  A7x,  A8x, 
A9x,  AAx,  ABx,  ACx,  94x,  95x,  96x, 
97x,  98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Cx,  9Dx, 
9Ex,  9Fx,  9Gx,  9Hx 
v    1847-CTO,  AEx,  AFx,  AGx,  AHx,  9Lx, 
9Mx,  8Jx,  8Kx,  AJx 
v    1848-CTO,  8Lx,  AKx,  9Ux,  9Vx,  8Mx, 
8Nx,  ALx 
v    1849-CTO,  8Cx,  8Dx,  9Wx,  ADx,  8Rx, 
AMx,  91x 
39T0435  N 
System  board  assembly,  M22-32  Gigabit 
Ether  with  security  chip,  without 
IEEE1394  (for  R52)  R 
v    1846-CTO,  84x,  85x 
v    1847-CTO 
v    1848-CTO 
v    1849-CTO 
39T0439  N 
System  board  assembly,  M22-64  Gigabit 
Ether  with  security  chip,  without 
IEEE1394  (for  R52)  R 
v    1846-CTO,  84x 
v    1847-CTO,  82x,  83x,  92x,  93x,  8Ex, 
8Fx,  8Gx,  8Hx,  9Nx,  9Px,  9Qx,  9Rx, 
9Sx,  9Tx 
v    1848-CTO,  82x,  83x,  92x,  93x 
v    1849-CTO,  8Px,  8Qx,  8Sx,  8Tx,  ANx, 
APx,  9Xx,  9Yx,  9Zx 
39T0440  N 
System  board  assembly,  M22-64  Gigabit 
Ether  with  security  chip,  IEEE1394  (for 
R52)  R 
v    1846-CTO,  86x,  87x,  88x,  89x,  8Bx, 
A2x,  A3x,  A4x,  A5x,  A6x,  A7x,  A8x, 
A9x,  AAx,  ABx,  ACx,  94x,  95x,  96x, 
97x,  98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Cx,  9Dx, 
9Ex,  9Fx,  9Gx,  9Hx 
v    1847-CTO,  AEx,  AFx,  AGx,  AHx,  9Lx, 
9Mx,  8Jx,  8Kx,  AJx 
v    1848-CTO,  8Lx,  AKx,  9Ux,  9Vx,  8Mx, 
8Nx,  ALx 
v    1849-CTO,  8Cx,  8Dx,  9Wx,  ADx,  8Rx, 
AMx,  91x 
39T0441  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  215

--- Page 222 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
18  System  board  assembly,  915GM  (for 
R52) 
v    1858-CTO,  2Ex,  54x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Fx, 
5Gx,  5Hx,  5Jx 
v    1859-CTO,  2Ax,  2Hx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  55x, 
5Dx 
v    1860-CTO,  2Bx,  2Fx,  2Kx,  2Lx,  2Mx, 
2Nx,  4Qx,  56x,  57x,  58x,  5Bx,  5Cx, 
5Ex,  5Gx,  5Hx,  5Kx 
v    1861-CTO,  2Bx,  2Fx,  2Gx,  2Kx,  56x, 
5Ex 
39T0320  N 
System  board  assembly,  910GML  (for 
R52) 
v    1858-CTO,  22x,  29x,  2Px,  2Rx,  2Sx, 
4Tx,  4Ux,  4Vx,  4Wx,  53x,  5Lx 
39T0321  N 
System  board  assembly,  915GM,  with 
IEEE1394  (for  R52) 
v    1858-CTO,  2Ux,  2Vx,  2Wx,  2Xx,  2Zx, 
32x,  33x,  34x,  37x,  38x,  3Bx,  3Cx, 
3Dx,  45x,  46x,  47x,  48x,  49x,  4Cx, 
4Dx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx, 
4Nx,  5Mx,  5Nx,  5Px,  5Qx,  5Tx,  5Ux, 
5Vx,  5Wx,  5Xx,  5Yx,  62x,  64x,  65x, 
67x,  68x,  69x,  6Ax,  6Bx,  6Cx,  6Dx, 
6Ex,  6Fx,  6Hx,  6Jx,  6Kx 
v    1859-CTO,  35x,  39x,  3Ax,  4Bx,  4Hx, 
4Px,  63x,  66x 
v    1860-CTO,  2Tx,  2Yx,  32x,  3Bx,  3Ex, 
4Mx,  4Jx,  5Sx,  5Ux,  5Zx,  69x,  6Fx, 
6Gx,  6Jx 
v    1861-CTO,  32x,  3Bx,  3Ex,  4Mx,  5Sx, 
69x,  6Fx,  6Gx,  6Jx 
39T0322  N 
System  board  assembly,  910GML,  with 
IEEE1394  (for  R52) 
v    1858-CTO,  2Qx,  42x,  44x,  4Yx 
v    1859-CTO,  23x,  24x,  27x,  43x,  4Xx, 
4Zx,  52x 
v    1860-CTO,  25x 
v    1861-CTO,  25x,  26x 
39T0323  N 
System  board  assembly,  915GM  (for 
R52) 
v    1858-CTO,  9Fx,  9Gx,  9Hx,  AJx,  CCx 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO,  BPx,  9Fx,  9Gx,  BQx,  BRx, 
BSx,  BTx,  BUx,  BWx,  BXx,  BZx,  C2x, 
C3x 
v    1861-CTO,  9Gx,  BUx,  BZx 
v    1862-CTO,  2Cx 
v    1863-CTO,  2Dx 
39T5646  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
216  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 223 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
18  System  board  assembly,  910GM  (for 
R52) 
v    1858-CTO,  9Bx,  9Dx,  9Ex,  9Jx,  9Kx 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO 
v    1861-CTO 
39T5647  N 
System  board  assembly,  915GM,  with 
1394  (for  R52) 
v    1858-CTO,  93x,  94x,  95x,  96x,  97x, 
98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Lx,  9Mx,  9Nx,  9Px, 
9Qx,  9Rx,  9Sx,  9Tx,  9Ux,  9Vx,  9Wx, 
9Xx,  9Yx,  9Zx,  A2x,  A3x,  A4x,  A5x, 
A6x,  A7x,  A8x,  A9x,  AAx,  ABx,  ACx, 
ADx,  AEx,  AFx,  AKx,  ALx,  AMx,  ANx, 
APx,  AQx,  ARx,  ASx,  ATx,  AUx,  AVx, 
AWx,  AXx,  AYx,  B2x,  B3x,  B4x,  B5x 
v    1859-CTO,  B6x,  B7x,  B8x,  B9x,  BAx, 
BBx,  BCx,  BDx,  BEx,  BFx,  BGx,  BHx, 
BJx,  BKx,  BLx,  BMx 
v    1860-CTO,  BVx,  BYx,  C4x,  C5x,  C8x, 
C9x,  CAx,  CBx 
v    1861-CTO,  C8x,  C9x,  CAx,  CBx 
39T5648  N 
System  board  assembly,  910GM,  with 
1394  (for  R52) 
v    1858-CTO,  92x,  AGx,  AHx 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO,  C6x,  C7x 
v    1861-CTO,  C6x,  C7x 
v    1862-CTO 
v    1863-CTO 
39T5649  N 
19  PC  Card  slot  for  R50e  13N5181  N 
ExpressCard  slot  for  R52  ,  R51e  91P8826  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  217

--- Page 224 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
20  IEEE1394  cable  for  R52 
v    1846-CTO,  2Hx,  2Jx,  3Vx,  3Wx,  4Cx, 
4Dx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx, 
4Lx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  54x,  55x,  5Bx,  5Cx, 
5Dx,  5Ex,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Hx,  5Jx,  5Kx, 
5Lx,  5Mx,  5Nx,  5Px,  5Qx,  5Rx,  63x, 
64x,  65x,  66x,  67x,  68x,  69x,  6Fx, 
6Gx,  6Hx,  6Jx,  6Kx,  6Lx,  6Mx,  6Nx, 
6Px,  6Qx,  6Rx,  6Sx,  6Ux 
v    1847-CTO,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  2Dx, 
2Ex,  2Fx,  2Gx,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x, 
3Mx,  3Nx,  3Px,  3Qx,  3Rx,  3Sx,  3Tx, 
3Ux,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  48x, 
49x,  4Ax,  4Bx 
v    1848-CTO,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  2Fx, 
2Gx,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x,  42x,  43x, 
44x,  45x,  4Bx 
v    1849-CTO,  4xx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1846-86x,  87x,  88x,  89x,  8Bx,  A2x, 
A3x,  A4x,  A5x,  A6x,  A7x,  A8x,  A9x, 
AAx,  ABx,  ACx,  94x,  95x,  96x,  97x, 
98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Cx,  9Dx,  9Ex, 
9Fx,  9Gx,  9Hx 
v    1847-AEx,  AFx,  AGx,  AHx,  9Lx,  9Mx, 
8Jx,  8Kx,  AJx 
v    1848-8Lx,  AKx,  9Ux,  9Vx,  8Mx,  8Nx, 
ALx 
v    1849-8Cx,  8Dx,  9Wx,  ADx,  8Rx,  AMx, 
91x 
v    1858-CTO,  28x,  2Qx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  2Wx, 
2Xx,  2Zx,  32x,  33x,  34x,  37x,  38x, 
3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  42x,  44x,  45x,  46x, 
47x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Cx,  4Dx,  4Ex, 
4Fx,  4Gx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  4Yx, 
5Mx,  5Nx,  5Px,  5Qx,  5Rx,  5Tx,  5Ux, 
5Vx,  5Wx,  5Xx,  5Yx,  62x,  64x,  65x, 
67x,  68x,  69x,  6Ax,  6Bx,  6Cx,  6Dx, 
6Ex,  6Fx,  6Hx,  6Jx,  6Kx, 
v    1859-CTO,  23x,  24x,  27x,  35x.  39x, 
3Ax,  43x,  4Bx,  4Hx,  4Px,  4Xx,  4Zx, 
52x,  63x,  66x, 
v    1860-CTO,  25x,  2Tx,  2Yx,  32x,  3Bx, 
3Ex,  4Jx,  4Mx,  5Sx,  5Ux,  5Zx,  69x, 
6Fx,  6Gx,  6Jx, 
91P6829  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
218  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 225 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
20  IEEE1394  cable  for  R52  R 
v    1858-CTO,  92x,  93x,  94x,  95x,  96x, 
97x,  98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Lx,  9Mx,  9Nx, 
9Px,  9Qx,  9Rx,  9Sx,  9Tx,  9Ux,  9Vx, 
9Wx,  9Xx,  9Yx,  9Zx,  A2x,  A3x,  A4x, 
A5x,  A6x,  A7x,  A8x,  A9x,  AAx,  ABx, 
ACx,  ADx,  AEx,  AFx,  AGx,  AHx,  AKx, 
ALx,  AMx,  ANx,  APx,  AQx,  ARx,  ASx, 
ATx,  AUx,  AVx,  AWx,  AXx,  AYx,  B2x, 
B3x,  B4x,  B5x 
v    1859-CTO,  B6x,  B7x,  B8x,  B9x,  BAx, 
BBx,  BCx,  BDx,  BEx,  BFx,  BGx,  BHx, 
BJx,  BKx,  BLx,  BMx 
v    1860-CTO,  BVx,  BYx,  C4x,  C5x,  C6x, 
C7xC8x,  C9x,  CAx,  CBx 
v    1861-CTO,  C6x,  C7xC8x,  C9x,  CAx, 
CBx 
v    1862-CTO 
v    1863-CTO 
91P6961  N 
21  Fan  for  R50e,  R51e  13N5182  N 
Fan  for  R51e  R  39T9895  N 
Fan  for  R52 
v    1846-2xx,  3xx,  4xx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1847-2xx,  3xx,  4xx 
v    1848-2xx,  3xx,  4xx 
v    1849-4xx,  5xx,  6xx 
26R8198  N 
Fan  for  R52 
v    1846-8xx,  9xx,  Axx 
v    1847-8xx,  9xx,  Axx 
v    1848-8xx,  9xx,  Axx 
v    1849-8xx,  9xx,  Axx 
26R9542 
Fan  for  R52 
v    1858-2xx,  3xx,  4xx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1859-2xx,  3xx,  4xx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1860-2xx,  3xx,  4xx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1861-2xx,  3xx,  4xx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1862-2xx 
v    1863-2xx 
26R8296  N 
Fan  for  R52  R 
v    1858-9xx,  Axx,  Bxx,  Cxx 
v    1859-Bxx 
v    1860-9xx,  Bxx,  Cxx 
v    1861-9xx,  Bxx,  Cxx 
26R9119  N 
22  Keyboard  (see  “Keyboard”  on  page  241)  ** 
23  TrackPoint  stick  caps  91P9642  * 
—  Telephone  cable  91P6839  * 
—  Thermal  grease  46L4855  N 
—  AC  adapter  (see  “AC  adapters”  on  page  240.)  *
  
 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  219

--- Page 226 ---
LCD  FRUs 
1
2
6
7
8
3
4
k
l
m
n
5
  
 
 
Parts  list  
220  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 227 ---
14.1-in.  XGA  TFT 
 
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
k-  n  See  “Miscellaneous  parts”  on  page  253. 
1  LCD  cover  kit,  14.1-in.  (no  wireless) 
v    1834-K3x,  K4x,  K5x,  K6x,  K7x,  K8x, 
K9x,  KAx,  KBx,  KCx,  KDx,  KEx,  KFx, 
LGx,  LHx,  Q5x,  Q9x,  QBx,  QCx 
v    1843-22x,  23x,  2Fx,  2Gx,  2Hx,  2Jx, 
2Kx,  2Lx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  2Qx,  2Rx, 
2Sx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  2Wx,  2Xx,  2Yx, 
2Zx,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x, 
38x,  39x,  3Ax,  3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex, 
3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx,  3Mx, 
5Lx 
v    1844-5Fx,  5Jx 
13N5593  N 
LCD  cover  kit,  14.1-in. 
v    1834-KGx,  KHx,  KJx,  KLx,  KMx,  KNx, 
KPx,  KQx,  KRx,  KSx,  KTx,  KUx,  KVx, 
KWx,  KXx,  KYx,  KZx,  L2x,  L3x,  L4x, 
L5x,  L6x,  L7x,  L8x,  L9x,  LAx,  LBx, 
LCx,  LDx,  LEx,  LFx,  Q4x,  Q8x 
v    1843-22x,  23x,  2Fx,  2Gx,  2Hx,  2Jx, 
2Kx,  2Lx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  2Qx,  2Rx, 
2Sx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  2Wx,  2Xx,  2Yx, 
2Zx,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x, 
38x,  39x,  3Ax,  3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex, 
3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx,  3Mx 
v    1844-5Fx,  5Jx 
v    1846-CTO,  2xx,  5xx 
v    1847-CTO,  2xx 
v    1848-CTO,  2xx 
v    1849-CTO,  5xx 
v    1850-CTO,  2xx 
v    1870-CTO,  2xx 
v    1846-84x,  85x,  86x.  87x,  88x,  89x, 
8Ax,  8Bx 
v    1847-82x,  83x,  8Ex,  8Fx,  8Gx,  8Hx, 
8Jx,  8Kx 
v    1848-82x,  83x,  8Lx,  8Mx,  8Nx 
v    1849-8Cx,  8Dx,  8Px,  8Qx,  8Rx,  8Sx, 
8Tx 
v    1858-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1859-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1860-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1861-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1862-CTO,  2xx 
v    1863-CTO,  2xx 
(continued) 
13R2664  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  221

--- Page 228 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
1  LCD  cover  kit,  14.1-in. 
v    1858-92x,  93x,  94x,  95x,  96x,  97x, 
98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Dx,  9Ex,  9Fx, 
9Gx,  CCx 
v    1859-B6x,  B7x,  B8x,  BBx,  BCx,  BDx, 
BEx 
v    1860-BPx,  9Fx,  9Gx,  BQx,  BRx,  BSx, 
C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  C9x 
v    1861-9Gx,  C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  C9x 
13R2664  N 
2  Hinges,  14.1-in. 
v    1834-Kxx,  Lxx,  Q4x,  Q5x,  Q8x,  Q9x, 
QBx,  QCx 
v    1843-22x,  23x,  2Fx,  2Gx,  2Hx,  2Jx, 
2Kx,  2Lx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  2Qx,  2Rx, 
2Sx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  2Wx,  2Xx,  2Yx, 
2Zx,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x, 
38x,  39x,  3Ax,  3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex, 
3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx,  3Mx 
v    1844-5Fx,  5Jx 
v    1846-CTO,  2xx,  5xx 
v    1847-CTO,  2xx 
v    1848-CTO,  2xx 
v    1849-CTO,  5xx 
v    1850-CTO,  2xx 
v    1870-CTO,  2xx 
v    1846-84x,  85x,  86x.  87x,  88x,  89x, 
8Ax,  8Bx 
v    1847-82x,  83x,  8Ex,  8Fx,  8Gx,  8Hx, 
8Jx,  8Kx 
v    1848-82x,  83x,  8Lx,  8Mx,  8Nx 
v    1849-8Cx,  8Dx,  8Px,  8Qx,  8Rx,  8Sx, 
8Tx 
v    1858-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1859-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1860-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1861-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1862-CTO,  2xx 
v    1863-CTO,  2xx 
v    1858-92x,  93x,  94x,  95x,  96x,  97x, 
98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Dx,  9Ex,  9Fx, 
9Gx,  CCx 
v    1859-B6x,  B7x,  B8x,  BBx,  BCx,  BDx, 
BEx 
v    1860-BPx,  9Fx,  9Gx,  BQx,  BRx,  BSx, 
C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  C9x 
v    1861-9Gx,  C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  C9x 
13R2982  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
222  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 229 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
3  LCD  cable  assembly  14.1-in.  XGA,  CR 
v    1834-Kxx,  Lxx,  Q4x,  Q5x,  Q8x,  Q9x, 
QBx,  QCx 
v    1843-22x,  23x,  2Fx,  2Gx,  2Hx,  2Jx, 
2Kx,  2Lx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  2Qx,  2Rx, 
2Sx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  2Wx,  2Xx,  2Yx, 
2Zx,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x, 
38x,  39x,  3Ax,  3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex, 
3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx,  3Mx, 
5Lx 
v    1844-5Fx,  5Jx 
91P6852  N 
LCD  cable  assembly  14.1-in.  XGA,  CR 
v    1846-CTO,  2xx,  5xx 
v    1847-CTO,  2xx 
v    1848-CTO,  2xx 
v    1849-CTO,  5xx 
v    1850-CTO,  2xx 
v    1870-CTO,  2xx 
v    1858-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1859-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1860-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1861-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1862-CTO,  2xx 
v    1863-CTO,  2xx 
91P6902  N 
LCD  cable  assembly  14.1-in.  XGA  R 
v    1846-CTO,  84x,  85x,  86x,  87x,  88x, 
89x,  8Ax,  8Bx 
v    1847-CTO,  82x,  83x,  8Ex,  8Fx,  8Gx, 
8Hx,  8Jx,  8Kx 
v    1848-CTO,  82x,  83x,  8Lx,  8Mx,  8Nx 
v    1849-CTO,  8Cx,  8Dx,  8Px,  8Qx,  8Rx, 
8Sx,  8Tx 
v    1858-CTO,  92x,  93x,  94x,  95x,  96x, 
97x,  98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Dx,  9Ex, 
9Fx,  9Gx,  CCx 
v    1859-CTO,  B6x,  B7x,  B8x,  BBx,  BCx, 
BDx,  BEx 
v    1860-CTO,  BPx,  9Fx,  9Gx,  BQx,  BRx, 
BSx,  C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  C9x 
v    1861-CTO,  9Gx,  C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  C9x 
91P6921  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  223

--- Page 230 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
4  Bluetooth  antenna 
v    1846-CTO,  2Jx,  54x,  55x 
v    1847-CTO,  24x,  25x,  27x 
v    1848-CTO,  24x,  25x,  27x 
v    1849-CTO,  5Xx,  5Yx 
v    1850-CTO 
v    1870-CTO 
v    1846-8Bx,  A2x,  A3x,  A4x,  A5x,  A6x, 
A7x,  A8x,  A9x,  AAx,  ABx,  ACx,  98x, 
9Cx,  9Ex,  9Fx,  9Hx 
v    1847-AEx,  AFx,  AGx,  AHx,  9Rx,  AJx 
v    1848-8Lx,  AKx,  9Ux,  9Vx,  ALx 
v    1849-8Dx,  ADx,  8Px,  8Qx,  AMx,  ANx, 
APx,  9Yx,  9Zx 
v    1858-CTO,  3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx, 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO,  3Bx,  3Ex 
v    1861-CTO,  3Bx,  3Ex 
v    1862-CTO 
v    1863-CTO 
v    1858-CTO,  95x,  96x 
v    
13N5179  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
224  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 231 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
5  802.11a/b/g  antenna,  14.1-in. 
v    1834-KGx,  KHx,  KJx,  KLx,  KMx,  KNx, 
KPx,  KQx,  KRx,  KSx,  KTx,  KUx,  KVx, 
KWx,  KXx,  KYx,  KZx,  L2x,  L3x,  L4x, 
L5x,  L6x,  L7x,  L8x,  L9x,  LAx,  LBx, 
LCx,  LDx,  LEx,  LFx,  Q4x,  Q8x 
v    1843-22x,  23x,  2Fx,  2Gx,  2Hx,  2Jx, 
2Kx,  2Lx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  2Qx,  2Rx, 
2Sx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  2Wx,  2Xx,  2Yx, 
2Zx,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x, 
38x,  39x,  3Ax,  3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex, 
3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx,  3Mx, 
5Lx 
v    1846-CTO,  2xx,  5xx 
v    1847-CTO,  2xx 
v    1848-CTO,  2xx 
v    1849-CTO,  5xx 
v    1850-CTO,  2xx 
v    1870-CTO,  2xx 
v    1846-84x,  85x,  86x.  87x,  88x,  89x, 
8Ax,  8Bx 
v    1847-82x,  83x,  8Ex,  8Fx,  8Gx,  8Hx, 
8Jx,  8Kx 
v    1848-82x,  83x,  8Lx,  8Mx,  8Nx 
v    1849-8Cx,  8Dx,  8Px,  8Qx,  8Rx,  8Sx, 
8Tx 
v    1858-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1859-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1860-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1861-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1862-CTO,  2xx 
v    1863-CTO,  2xx 
v    1858-92x,  93x,  94x,  95x,  96x,  97x, 
98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Dx,  9Ex,  9Fx, 
9Gx,  CCx 
v    1859-B6x,  B7x,  B8x,  BBx,  BCx,  BDx, 
BEx 
v    1860-BPx,  9Fx,  9Gx,  BQx,  BRx,  BSx, 
C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  C9x 
v    1861-9Gx,  C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  C9x 
13N5177  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  225

--- Page 232 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
6  Inverter  card,  XGA 
v    1834-Kxx,  Lxx,  Q4x,  Q5x,  Q8x,  Q9x, 
QBx,  QCx 
27K9949  N 
Inverter  card,  XGA 
v    1846-CTO,  2xx,  5xx 
v    1847-CTO,  2xx 
v    1848-CTO,  2xx 
v    1849-CTO,  5xx 
v    1850-CTO,  2xx 
v    1870-CTO,  2xx 
39T0019  N 
Inverter  card,  XGA/SXGA+ 
v    1846-CTO,  8xx 
v    1847-CTO,  8xx 
v    1848-CTO,  8xx 
v    1849-CTO,  8xx 
v    1858-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1859-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1860-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1861-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1862-CTO,  2xx 
v    1863-CTO,  2xx 
v    1858-92x,  93x,  94x,  95x,  96x,  97x, 
98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Dx,  9Ex,  9Fx, 
9Gx,  CCx 
v    1859-B6x,  B7x,  B8x,  BBx,  BCx,  BDx, 
BEx 
v    1860-BPx,  9Fx,  9Gx,  BQx,  BRx,  BSx, 
C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  C9x 
v    1861-9Gx,  C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  C9x 
v    1843-22x,  23x,  2Fx,  2Gx,  2Hx,  2Jx, 
2Kx,  2Lx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  2Qx,  2Rx, 
2Sx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  2Wx,  2Xx,  2Yx, 
2Zx,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x, 
38x,  39x,  3Ax,  3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex, 
3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx,  3Mx, 
5Lx 
v    1844-5Fx,  5Jx 
39T0368  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
226  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 233 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
7  LCD  panel,  14.1-in.  XGA,  Samsung 
(440) 
v    1834-Kxx,  Lxx,  Q4x,  Q5x,  Q8x,  Q9x, 
QBx,  QCx 
92P6717  N 
LCD  panel,  14.1-in.  XGA,  Samsung 
v    1858-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1859-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1860-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1861-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1862-CTO,  2xx 
v    1863-CTO,  2xx 
v    1858-92x,  93x,  94x,  95x,  96x,  97x, 
98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Dx,  9Ex,  9Fx, 
9Gx,  CCx 
v    1859-B6x,  B7x,  B8x,  BBx,  BCx,  BDx, 
BEx 
v    1860-BPx,  9Fx,  9Gx,  BQx,  BRx,  BSx, 
C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  C9x 
v    1861-9Gx,  C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  C9x 
v    1843-22x,  23x,  2Fx,  2Gx,  2Hx,  2Jx, 
2Kx,  2Lx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  2Qx,  2Rx, 
2Sx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  2Wx,  2Xx,  2Yx, 
2Zx,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x, 
38x,  39x,  3Ax,  3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex, 
3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx,  3Mx, 
5Lx 
v    1844-5Fx,  5Jx 
92P6759  N 
LCD  panel,  14.1-in.  XGA,  Samsung 
v    1834-Kxx,  Lxx,  Q4x,  Q5x,  Q8x,  Q9x, 
QBx,  QCx 
v    1846-CTO,  2xx,  5xx 
v    1847-CTO,  2xx 
v    1848-CTO,  2xx 
v    1849-CTO,  5xx 
v    1850-CTO,  2xx 
v    1870-CTO,  2xx 
v    1846-84x,  85x,  86x,  87x,  88x,  89x, 
8Ax,  8Bx 
v    1847-82x,  83x,  8Ex,  8Fx,  8Gx,  8Hx, 
8Jx,  8Kx 
v    1848-82x,  83x,  8Lx,  8Mx,  8Nx 
v    1849-8Cx,  8Dx,  8Px,  8Qx,  8Rx,  8Sx, 
8Tx 
11P8352  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  227

--- Page 234 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
7  LCD  panel,  14.1-in.  XGA,  Hydis 
v    1834-Kxx,  Lxx,  Q4x,  Q5x,  Q8x,  Q9x, 
QBx,  QCx 
v    1843-22x,  23x,  2Fx,  2Gx,  2Hx,  2Jx, 
2Kx,  2Lx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  2Qx,  2Rx, 
2Sx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  2Wx,  2Xx,  2Yx, 
2Zx,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x, 
38x,  39x,  3Ax,  3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex, 
3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx,  3Mx, 
5Lx 
v    1844-5Fx,  5Jx 
92P6745  N 
LCD  panel,  14.1-in.  XGA,  Hydis 
v    1846-CTO,  2xx,  5xx 
v    1847-CTO,  2xx 
v    1848-CTO,  2xx 
v    1849-CTO,  5xx 
v    1850-CTO,  2xx 
v    1870-CTO,  2xx 
v    1846-84x,  85x,  86x,  87x,  88x,  89x, 
8Ax,  8Bx 
v    1847-82x,  83x,  8Ex,  8Fx,  8Gx,  8Hx, 
8Jx,  8Kx 
v    1848-82x,  83x,  8Lx,  8Mx,  8Nx 
v    1849-8Cx,  8Dx,  8Px,  8Qx,  8Rx,  8Sx, 
8Tx 
v    1858-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1859-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1860-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1861-CTO,  2xx,  3xx 
v    1862-CTO,  2xx 
v    1863-CTO,  2xx 
v    1858-92x,  93x,  94x,  95x,  96x,  97x, 
98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Dx,  9Ex,  9Fx, 
9Gx,  CCx 
v    1859-B6x,  B7x,  B8x,  BBx,  BCx,  BDx, 
BEx 
v    1860-BPx,  9Fx,  9Gx,  BQx,  BRx,  BSx, 
C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  C9x 
v    1861-9Gx,  C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  C9x 
92P2664  N 
8  Clear  plate  for  R50e,  R51e  13N5599  N 
Clear  plate  for  R51e  41V9069  N 
Clear  plate  for  R52  26R8254  N
  
 
Parts  list  
228  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 235 ---
15.0-in.  XGA  TFT 
 
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
k-  n  See  “Miscellaneous  parts”  on  page  253. 
1  LCD  cover  kit,  15.0-in.  (no  wireless)  for 
R50e 
v    1834-M2x,  M3x,  M4x,  M5x,  M6x,  M7x, 
M8x,  M9x,  MAx,  MBx,  MCx,  MDx, 
MEx,  MFx,  MGx,  MHx,  MRx,  MSx, 
RKx,  RVx,  S2x,  S3x,  S4x 
v    1843-24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x, 
2Ax,  2Bx,  2Cx,  2Dx,  2Ex,  3Nx,  3Px, 
3Qx,  3Rx,  3Sx,  3Tx,  3Ux,  3Vx,  3Wx, 
3Xx,  3Yx,  3Zx,  4xx,  5xx 
v    1844-5Gx,  5Hx 
13N5596  N 
LCD  cover  kit,  15.0-in.for  WW  wireless 
for  R50e 
v    1834-MJx,  MKx,  MLx,  MMx,  MNx, 
MPx,  MQx,  MTx,  MVx,  MWx,  MXx, 
MYx,  MZx,  Q2x,  Q3x,  Q6x,  Q7x,  QAx, 
R2x,  R3x,  R4x,  R5x,  R6x,  R7x,  R8x, 
R9x,  RAx,  RBx,  RCx,  RDx,  REx,  RFx, 
RGx,  RHx,  RJx,  RMx,  RNx,  RPx, 
RQx,  RRx,  RSx,  RTx,  RUx,  RVx, 
RWx,  RXx,  S5x,  S6x,  S7x,  S8x,  S9x 
v    1842-MUx,  QDx,  QEx,  QFx 
v    1843-24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x, 
2Ax,  2Bx,  2Cx,  2Dx,  2Ex,  3Nx,  3Px, 
3Qx,  3Rx,  3Sx,  3Tx,  3Ux,  3Vx,  3Wx, 
3Xx,  3Yx,  3Zx,  4xx,  5xx 
v    1845-5Kx 
13N5173  N 
LCD  cover  kit,  15.0-in.  for  R51e,  R52 
v    1846-CTO,  3Vx,  6xx 
v    1847-CTO,  3xx 
v    1848-CTO,  3xx 
v    1849-CTO,  6xx 
v    1846-9xx 
v    1847-9xx 
v    1848-9xx 
v    1849-9xx 
v    1858-CTO,  4Vx,  4Wx,  5xx,  6xx  except 
6Kx 
v    1859-CTO,  4Xx,  4Yx,  4Zx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1860-CTO,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1861-CTO,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1862-CTO 
v    1863-CTO 
(continued) 
13R2667  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  229

--- Page 236 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
1  LCD  cover  kit,  15.0-in.  for  R51e,  R52 
v    1858-9Hx,  9Jx,  9Kx,  9Lx,  9Mx,  9Nx, 
9Px,  9Qx,  9Rx,  9Sx,  9Tx,  9Ux,  9Vx, 
9Wx,  9Xx,  9Yx,  9Zx,  A2x,  A3x,  A4x, 
A5x,  A6x,  A7x,  A8x,  A9x,  AAx,  ABx, 
ACx,  ADx,  AEx,  AFx,  AGx,  AHx,  B2x, 
B3x 
v    1859-B9x,  BFx,  BGx,  BHx,  BJx 
v    1860-CTO,  BTx,  BUx,  BVx,  BWx,  BXx, 
BYx,  BZx,  C2x,  C3x,  CAx,  CBx 
v    1861-BUx,  BZx,  CAx,  CBx 
13R2667  N 
2  Hinges,  15.0-in. 
v    1834-Mxx,  Q2x,  Q3x,  Q6x,  Q7x,  QAx, 
Rxx 
v    1842-Mxx,  QDx,  QEx,  QFx 
v    1843-24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x, 
2Ax,  2Bx,  2Cx,  2Dx,  2Ex,  3Nx,  3Px, 
3Qx,  3Rx,  3Sx,  3Tx,  3Ux,  3Vx,  3Wx, 
3Xx,  3Yx,  3Zx,  4xx,  5xx 
v    1844-5Gx,  5Hx 
v    1845-5Kx 
v    1846-CTO,  3Vx,  6xx 
v    1847-CTO,  3xx 
v    1848-CTO,  3xx 
v    1849-CTO,  6xx 
v    1846-9xx 
v    1847-9xx 
v    1848-9xx 
v    1849-9xx 
v    1858-CTO,  4Vx,  4Wx,  5xx,  6xx  except 
6Kx 
v    1859-CTO,  4Xx,  4Yx,  4Zx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1860-CTO,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1861-CTO,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1862-CTO 
v    1863-CTO 
v    1858-9Hx,  9Jx,  9Kx,  9Lx,  9Mx,  9Nx, 
9Px,  9Qx,  9Rx,  9Sx,  9Tx,  9Ux,  9Vx, 
9Wx,  9Xx,  9Yx,  9Zx,  A2x,  A3x,  A4x, 
A5x,  A6x,  A7x,  A8x,  A9x,  AAx,  ABx, 
ACx,  ADx,  AEx,  AFx,  AGx,  AHx,  B2x, 
B3x 
v    1859-B9x,  BFx,  BGx,  BHx,  BJx 
v    1860-CTO,  BTx,  BUx,  BVx,  BWx,  BXx, 
BYx,  BZx,  C2x,  C3x,  CAx,  CBx 
v    1861-BUx,  BZx,  CAx,  CBx 
13N5176  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
230  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 237 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
3  LCD  cable  assembly,  15.0-in.  XGA 
v    1834-Mxx,  Q2x,  Q3x,  Q6x,  Q7x,  QAx, 
Rxx 
v    1842-Mxx,  QDx,  QEx,  QFx 
v    1843-24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x, 
2Ax,  2Bx,  2Cx,  2Dx,  2Ex,  3Nx,  3Px, 
3Qx,  3Rx,  3Sx,  3Tx,  3Ux,  3Vx,  3Wx, 
3Xx,  3Yx,  3Zx,  4xx,  5xx 
v    1844-5Gx,  5Hx 
v    1845-5Kx 
91P6826  N 
LCD  cable  assembly,  15.0-in.  XGA 
v    1846-CTO,  3Vx,  6xx 
v    1847-CTO,  3xx 
v    1848-CTO,  3xx 
v    1849-CTO,  6xx 
v    1858-CTO,  4Vx,  4Wx,  5xx,  6xx  except 
6Kx 
v    1859-CTO,  4Xx,  4Yx,  4Zx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1860-CTO,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1861-CTO,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1862-CTO 
v    1863-CTO 
91P6904  N 
LCD  cable  assembly,  15.0-in.  XGA  R 
v    1846-CTO,  9xx 
v    1847-CTO,  9xx 
v    1848-CTO,  9xx 
v    1849-CTO,  9xx 
v    1858-9Hx,  9Jx,  9Kx,  9Lx,  9Mx,  9Nx, 
9Px,  9Qx,  9Rx,  9Sx,  9Tx,  9Ux,  9Vx, 
9Wx,  9Xx,  9Yx,  9Zx,  A2x,  A3x,  A4x, 
A5x,  A6x,  A7x,  A8x,  A9x,  AAx,  ABx, 
ACx,  ADx,  AEx,  AFx,  AGx,  AHx,  B2x, 
B3x 
v    1859-B9x,  BFx,  BGx,  BHx,  BJx 
v    1860-CTO,  BTx,  BUx,  BVx,  BWx,  BXx, 
BYx,  BZx,  C2x,  C3x,  CAx,  CBx 
v    1861-BUx,  BZx,  CAx,  CBx 
91P6922  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  231

--- Page 238 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
4  Bluetooth  antenna 
v    1846-CTO,  63x,  64x,  65x,  66x,  67x, 
68x,  69x,  6Tx,  6Ux 
v    1847-CTO,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x,  3Ux 
v    1848-CTO,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x 
v    1849-CTO,  6Yx,  6Zx 
v    1846-8Bx,  A2x,  A3x,  A4x,  A5x,  A6x, 
A7x,  A8x,  A9x,  AAx,  ABx,  ACx,  98x, 
9Cx,  9Ex,  9Fx,  9Hx 
v    1847-AEx,  AFx,  AGx,  AHx,  9Rx,  AJx 
v    1848-8Lx,  AKx,  9Ux,  9Vx,  ALx 
v    1849-8Dx,  ADx,  8Px,  8Qx,  AMx,  ANx, 
APx,  9Yx,  9Zx 
v    1858-CTO,  67x,  68x,  69x,  6Ax,  6Bx, 
6Cx,  6Dx,  6Ex,  6Fx,  6Hx,  6Jx,  6Ux 
v    1859-CTO 
v    1860-CTO,  6xx 
v    1861-CTO,  6xx 
v    1862-CTO 
v    1863-CTO 
v    1858-9Kx,  9Mx,  A4x,  A5x,  A6x,  A7x, 
A8x,  A9x,  AAx, 
v    1860-CTO,  BVx,  BWx 
13N5179  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
232  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 239 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
5  802.11a/b/g  antenna,  15.0-in. 
v    1834-MJx,  MKx,  MLx,  MMx,  MNx, 
MPx,  MQx,  MTx,  MVx,  MWx,  MXx, 
MYx,  MZx,  Q2x,  Q3x,  Q6x,  Q7x,  QAx, 
R2x,  R3x,  R4x,  R5x,  R6x,  R7x,  R8x, 
R9x,  RAx,  RBx,  RCx,  RDx,  REx,  RFx, 
RGx,  RHx,  RJx,  RMx,  RNx,  RPx, 
RQx,  RRx,  RSx,  RTx,  RUx,  RVx, 
RWx,  RXx,  S5x,  S6x,  S7x,  S8x,  S9x 
v    1842-MUx,  QDx,  QEx,  QFx 
v    1843-24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x, 
2Ax,  2Bx,  2Cx,  2Dx,  2Ex,  3Nx,  3Px, 
3Qx,  3Rx,  3Sx,  3Tx,  3Ux,  3Vx,  3Wx, 
3Xx,  3Yx,  3Zx,  4xx,  5xx 
v    1845-5Kx 
v    1846-CTO,  3Vx,  6xx 
v    1847-CTO,  3xx 
v    1848-CTO,  3xx 
v    1849-CTO,  6xx 
v    1846-9xx 
v    1847-9xx 
v    1848-9xx 
v    1849-9xx 
v    1858-CTO,  4Vx,  4Wx,  5xx,  6xx  except 
6Kx 
v    1859-CTO,  4Xx,  4Yx,  4Zx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1860-CTO,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1861-CTO,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1862-CTO 
v    1863-CTO 
v    1858-9Hx,  9Jx,  9Kx,  9Lx,  9Mx,  9Nx, 
9Px,  9Qx,  9Rx,  9Sx,  9Tx,  9Ux,  9Vx, 
9Wx,  9Xx,  9Yx,  9Zx,  A2x,  A3x,  A4x, 
A5x,  A6x,  A7x,  A8x,  A9x,  AAx,  ABx, 
ACx,  ADx,  AEx,  AFx,  AGx,  AHx,  B2x, 
B3x 
v    1859-B9x,  BFx,  BGx,  BHx,  BJx 
v    1860-BTx,  BUx,  BVx,  BWx,  BXx,  BYx, 
BZx,  C2x,  C3x,  CAx,  CBx 
v    1861-BUx,  BZx,  CAx,  CBx 
13N5178  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  233

--- Page 240 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
6  Inverter  card,  XGA 
v    1834-Mxx,  Q2x,  Q3x,  Q6x,  Q7x,  QAx, 
Rxx 
v    1842-Mxx,  QDx,  QEx,  QFx 
27K9949  N 
Inverter  card,  XGA/SXGA+ 
v    1846-CTO,  3Vx,  6xx 
v    1847-CTO,  3xx 
v    1848-CTO,  3xx 
v    1849-CTO,  6xx 
v    1858-CTO,  4Vx,  4Wx,  5xx,  6xx  except 
6Kx 
v    1859-CTO,  4Xx,  4Yx,  4Zx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1860-CTO,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1861-CTO,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1862-CTO 
v    1863-CTO 
39T0019  N 
Inverter  card,  XGA/SXGA+ 
v    1846-CTO,  9xx 
v    1847-CTO,  9xx 
v    1848-CTO,  9xx 
v    1849-CTO,  9xx 
v    1858-CTO,  9Hx,  9Jx,  9Kx,  9Lx,  9Mx, 
9Nx,  9Px,  9Qx,  9Rx,  9Sx,  9Tx,  9Ux, 
9Vx,  9Wx,  9Xx,  9Yx,  9Zx,  A2x,  A3x, 
A4x,  A5x,  A6x,  A7x,  A8x,  A9x,  AAx, 
ABx,  ACx,  ADx,  AEx,  AFx,  AGx,  AHx, 
B2x,  B3x 
v    1859-CTO,  B9x,  BFx,  BGx,  BHx,  BJx 
v    1860-CTO,  BTx,  BUx,  BVx,  BWx,  BXx, 
BYx,  BZx,  C2x,  C3x,  CAx,  CBx 
v    1861-CTO,  BUx,  BZx,  CAx,  CBx 
v    1843-24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x, 
2Ax,  2Bx,  2Cx,  2Dx,  2Ex,  3Nx,  3Px, 
3Qx,  3Rx,  3Sx,  3Tx,  3Ux,  3Vx,  3Wx, 
3Xx,  3Yx,  3Zx,  4xx,  5xx 
v    1844-5Gx,  5Hx 
v    1845-5Kx 
39T0368  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
234  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 241 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
7  LCD  panel,  15.0-in.  XGA 
v    1834-Mxx,  Q2x,  Q3x,  Q6x,  Q7x,  QAx,  Rxx 
v    1842-Mxx,  QDx,  QEx,  QFx 
v    1843-24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax,  2Bx,  2Cx,  2Dx, 
2Ex,  3Nx,  3Px,  3Qx,  3Rx,  3Sx,  3Tx,  3Ux,  3Vx,  3Wx,  3Xx, 
3Yx,  3Zx,  4xx,  5xx 
v    1844-5Gx,  5Hx 
v    1845-5Kx 
v    1846-CTO,  3Vx,  6xx 
v    1847-CTO,  3xx 
v    1848-CTO,  3xx 
v    1849-CTO,  6xx 
v    1846-94x,  95x,  96x,  97x,  98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Cx,  9Dx, 
9Ex,  9Fx,  9Gx 
v    1847-92x,  93x,  9Lx,  9Mx,  9Nx,  9Px,  9Qx,  9Rx,  9Sx,  9Tx 
v    1848-92x,  93x,  9Ux,  9Vx 
v    1849-9Wx,  9Xx,  9Yx,  9Zx,  91x 
v    1858-CTO,  4Vx,  4Wx,  5xx,  6xx  except  6Kx 
v    1859-CTO,  4Xx,  4Yx,  4Zx,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1860-CTO,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1861-CTO,  5xx,  6xx 
v    1862-CTO 
v    1863-CTO 
v    1858-9Hx,  9Jx,  9Kx,  9Lx,  9Mx,  9Nx,  9Px,  9Qx,  9Rx,  9Sx, 
9Tx,  9Ux,  9Vx,  9Wx,  9Xx,  9Yx,  9Zx,  A2x,  A3x,  A4x,  A5x, 
A6x,  A7x,  A8x,  A9x,  AAx,  ABx,  ACx,  ADx,  AEx,  AFx,  AGx, 
AHx,  B2x,  B3x 
v    1859-B9x,  BFx,  BGx,  BHx,  BJx 
v    1860-BTx,  BUx,  BVx,  BWx,  BXx,  BYx,  BZx,  C2x,  C3x, 
CAx,  CBx 
v    1861-BUx,  BZx,  CAx,  CBx 
Samsung  92P6678  N 
LG  92P6679  N 
LG  13N7039  N 
8  Clear  plate  for  R50e,  R51e  13N5599  N 
Clear  plate  for  R51e  41V9069  N 
Clear  plate  for  R52  26R8254  N
  
 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  235

--- Page 242 ---
15.0-in.  SXGA+  TFT 
 
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
k-  n  See  “Miscellaneous  parts”  on  page  253. 
1  LCD  cover  kit,  15.0-in.  (WW) 
v    1846-CTO,  3Wx,  4xx 
v    1847-CTO,  4xx 
v    1848-CTO,  4xx, 
v    1849-CTO,  4xx 
v    1846-Axx 
v    1847-Axx 
v    1848-Axx 
v    1849-Axx 
v    1858-CTO,  42x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x, 
48x,  49x,  4Cx,  4Dx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx, 
4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  6Kx 
v    1859-CTO,  43x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Hx,  4Px, 
4Rx,  4Sx 
v    1860-CTO,  4Jx,  4Mx,  4Qx 
v    1861-CTO,  4Mx 
v    1862-CTO 
v    1863-CTO 
v    1858-AJx,  AKx,  ALx,  AMx,  ANx,  APx, 
AQx,  ARx,  ASx,  ATx,  AUx,  AVx,  AWx, 
AXx,  AYx,  B4x,  B5x 
v    1859-BAx,  BKx,  BLx,  BMx 
v    1860-C4x,  C5x 
13R2667  N 
2  Hinges,  15.0-in. 
v    1846-CTO,  3Wx,  4xx 
v    1847-CTO,  4xx 
v    1848-CTO,  4xx, 
v    1849-CTO,  4xx 
v    1846-Axx 
v    1847-Axx 
v    1848-Axx 
v    1849-Axx 
v    1858-CTO,  42x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x, 
48x,  49x,  4Cx,  4Dx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx, 
4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  6Kx 
v    1859-CTO,  43x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Hx,  4Px, 
4Rx,  4Sx 
v    1860-CTO,  4Jx,  4Mx,  4Qx 
v    1861-CTO,  4Mx 
v    1862-CTO 
v    1863-CTO 
v    1858-AJx,  AKx,  ALx,  AMx,  ANx,  APx, 
AQx,  ARx,  ASx,  ATx,  AUx,  AVx,  AWx, 
AXx,  AYx,  B4x,  B5x 
v    1859-BAx,  BKx,  BLx,  BMx 
v    1860-C4x,  C5x 
13N5176  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
236  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 243 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
3  LCD  cable  assembly,  15.0-in.  SXGA+ 
v    1846-CTO,  3Wx,  4xx 
v    1847-CTO,  4xx 
v    1848-CTO,  4xx, 
v    1849-CTO,  4xx 
91P6876  N 
LCD  cable  assembly,  15.0-in.  SXGA+ 
v    1858-CTO,  42x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x, 
48x,  49x,  4Cx,  4Dx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx, 
4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  6Kx 
v    1859-CTO,  43x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Hx,  4Px, 
4Rx,  4Sx 
v    1860-CTO,  4Jx,  4Mx,  4Qx 
v    1861-CTO,  4Mx 
v    1862-CTO 
v    1863-CTO 
91P6906  N 
LCD  cable  assembly,  15.0-in. 
SXGA+/IPS  R 
v    1846-CTO,  Axx 
v    1847-CTO,  Axx 
v    1848-CTO,  Axx 
v    1849-CTO,  Axx 
v    1858-AJx,  AKx,  ALx,  AMx,  ANx,  APx, 
AQx,  ARx,  ASx,  ATx,  AUx,  AVx,  AWx, 
AXx,  AYx,  B4x,  B5x 
v    1859-BAx,  BKx,  BLx,  BMx 
v    1860-C4x,  C5x 
91P6923  N 
4  Bluetooth  antenna 
v    1846-CTO,  3Wx,  4xx 
v    1847-CTO,  4xx 
v    1848-CTO,  4xx, 
v    1849-CTO,  4xx 
v    1846-Axx 
v    1847-Axx 
v    1848-Axx 
v    1849-Axx 
v    1858-CTO,  42x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x, 
48x,  49x,  4Cx,  4Dx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx, 
4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  6Kx 
v    1859-CTO,  43x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Hx,  4Px, 
4Rx,  4Sx 
v    1860-CTO,  4Jx,  4Mx,  4Qx 
v    1861-CTO,  4Mx 
v    1862-CTO 
v    1863-CTO 
v    1858-AJx,  AKx,  B4x,  B5x 
v    1859-BAx,  BKx,  BLx,  BMx 
v    1860-C4x,  C5x 
13N5179  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  237

--- Page 244 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
5  802.11a/b/g  antenna,  15.0-in. 
v    1846-CTO,  3Wx,  4xx 
v    1847-CTO,  4xx 
v    1848-CTO,  4xx, 
v    1849-CTO,  4xx 
v    1846-Axx 
v    1847-Axx 
v    1848-Axx 
v    1849-Axx 
v    1858-CTO,  42x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x, 
48x,  49x,  4Cx,  4Dx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx, 
4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  6Kx 
v    1859-CTO,  43x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Hx,  4Px, 
4Rx,  4Sx 
v    1860-CTO,  4Jx,  4Mx,  4Qx 
v    1861-CTO,  4Mx 
v    1862-CTO 
v    1863-CTO 
v    1858-AJx,  AKx,  ALx,  AMx,  ANx,  APx, 
AQx,  ARx,  ASx,  ATx,  AUx,  AVx,  AWx, 
AXx,  AYx,  B4x,  B5x 
v    1859-BAx,  BKx,  BLx,  BMx 
v    1860-C4x,  C5x 
13N5178  N 
6  Inverter  card,  XGA/SXGA+ 
v    1846-CTO,  3Wx,  4xx 
v    1847-CTO,  4xx 
v    1848-CTO,  4xx, 
v    1849-CTO,  4xx 
27K9952  N 
Inverter  card,  XGA/SXGA+ 
v    1858-CTO,  42x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x, 
48x,  49x,  4Cx,  4Dx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx, 
4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  6Kx 
v    1859-CTO,  43x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Hx,  4Px, 
4Rx,  4Sx 
v    1860-CTO,  4Jx,  4Mx,  4Qx 
v    1861-CTO,  4Mx 
v    1862-CTO 
v    1863-CTO 
39T0019  N 
Inverter  card,  XGA/SXGA+ 
v    1846-CTO,  Axx 
v    1847-CTO,  Axx 
v    1848-CTO,  Axx 
v    1849-CTO,  Axx 
v    1858-AJx,  AKx,  ALx,  AMx,  ANx,  APx, 
AQx,  ARx,  ASx,  ATx,  AUx,  AVx,  AWx, 
AXx,  AYx,  B4x,  B5x 
v    1859-BAx,  BKx,  BLx,  BMx 
v    1860-C4x,  C5x 
39T0368  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
238  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 245 ---
No.  FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
7  LCD  panel,  15.0  SXGA+  (LG,  ID  TECH) 
v    1846-CTO,  3Wx,  4xx 
v    1847-CTO,  4xx 
v    1848-CTO,  4xx, 
v    1849-CTO,  4xx 
v    1846-Axx 
v    1847-Axx 
v    1848-Axx 
v    1849-Axx 
v    1858-CTO,  42x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x, 
48x,  49x,  4Cx,  4Dx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx, 
4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  6Kx 
v    1859-CTO,  43x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Hx,  4Px, 
4Rx,  4Sx 
v    1860-CTO,  4Jx,  4Mx,  4Qx 
v    1861-CTO,  4Mx 
v    1862-CTO 
v    1863-CTO 
v    1858-AJx,  AKx,  ALx,  AMx,  ANx,  APx, 
AQx,  ARx,  ASx,  ATx,  AUx,  AVx,  AWx, 
AXx,  AYx,  B4x,  B5x 
v    1859-BAx,  BKx,  BLx,  BMx 
v    1860-C4x,  C5x 
92P6711  N 
8  Clear  plate  for  R52  26R8254  N
  
 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  239

--- Page 246 ---
AC  adapters 
 
FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
3-pin  (72W)  slim  adapter  for  PFC  model  (models  xxG,  xxM,  xxA, 
xxQ,  xxB,  xxH,  xxC,  xxK,  xxV) 
ASTEC  OP  08K8203  * 
DELTA  OP  08K8207  * 
SANKEN  OP  08K8211  * 
2-pin  (72W)  slim  adapter  for  non-PFC  model  (models  xxU,  xxF, 
xxP,  xxS,  xxY,  xxE,  xxJ,  xxL) 
ASTEC  OP  08K8205  * 
DELTA  OP  08K8209  * 
SANKEN  OP  08K8213  *
 
Parts  list  
240  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 247 ---
Keyboard 
Keyboards  for  15.0-in.  LCD  models 
 
Language  P/N 
(NMB) 
P/N 
(ALPS) 
P/N 
(Chicony) 
CRU 
ID 
Arabic  39T0664  93P4861  39T0786  ** 
Belgian  39T0659  93P4856  39T0781 
Chinese,  Traditional  39T0661  93P4858  39T0783 
Czech  39T0665  93P4862  39T0787 
Danish  39T0652  93P4849  39T0774 
Dutch  39T0649  93P4846  39T0771 
English,  U.K.  39T0645  93P4842  39T0767 
English,  U.S.  39T0643  93P4840  39T0765 
English,  U.S., 
International 
39T0672  —  — 
French,  Canadian  39T0646  93P4843  39T0768 
French,  Canadian  058  39T0673  93P4869  39T0795 
French,  European  39T0648  93P4845  39T0770 
German  39T0647  93P4844  39T0769 
Greek  39T0667  93P4864  39T0789 
Hungarian  39T0666  93P4863  39T0788 
Hebrew  39T0663  93P4860  39T0785 
Italian  39T0653  93P4850  39T0775 
Japanese  39T0644  93P4841  39T0766 
Korean  39T0658  93P4855  39T0780 
Norwegian  39T0651  93P4848  39T0773 
Polish  39T0669  93P4866  39T0791 
Portuguese  39T0656  93P4853  39T0778 
Russian  39T0662  93P4859  39T0784 
Slovak  39T0668  93P4865  39T0790 
Slovenian  39T0670  93P4867  39T0792 
Spanish,  European  39T0654  93P4851  39T0776 
Spanish,  Latin 
American 
39T0657  93P4854  39T0779 
Swedish  or  Finnish  39T0650  93P4847  39T0772 
Swiss  39T0655  93P4852  39T0777 
Thai  39T0671  93P4868  39T0793 
Turkish  39T0660  93P4857  39T0782
  
 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  241

--- Page 248 ---
Keyboards  for  14.1-in.  LCD  models 
 
Language  P/N 
(NMB) 
P/N 
(ALPS) 
P/N 
(Chicony) 
CRU 
ID 
Arabic  39T0540  13N9978  39T0602  ** 
Belgian  39T0535  13N9973  39T0597 
Chinese,  Traditional  39T0537  13N9975  39T0599 
Czech  39T0541  13N9979  39T0603 
Danish  39T0528  13N9966  39T0590 
Dutch  39T0525  13N9963  39T0587 
English,  U.K.  39T0521  13N9959  39T0583 
English,  U.S.  39T0519  13N9957  39T0581 
English,  U.S., 
International 
39T0548  —  — 
French,  Canadian  39T0522  13N9960  39T0584 
French,  Canadian  058  39T0549  13N9987  39T0611 
French,  European  39T0524  13N9962  39T0586 
German  39T0523  13N9961  39T0585 
Greek  39T0543  13N9981  39T0605 
Hungarian  39T0542  13N9980  39T0604 
Hebrew  39T0539  13N9977  39T0601 
Italian  39T0529  13N9967  39T0591 
Japanese  39T0520  13N9958  39T0582 
Korean  39T0534  13N9972  39T0596 
Norwegian  39T0527  13N9965  39T0589 
Polish  39T0545  13N9983  39T0607 
Portuguese  39T0532  13N9970  39T0594 
Russian  39T0538  13N9976  39T0600 
Slovak  39T0544  13N9982  39T0606 
Slovenian  39T0546  13N9984  39T0608 
Spanish,  European  39T0530  13N9968  39T0592 
Spanish,  Latin 
American 
39T0533  13N9971  39T0595 
Swedish  or  Finnish  39T0526  13N9964  39T0588 
Swiss  39T0531  13N9969  39T0593 
Thailand  39T0547  13N9985  39T0609 
Turkish  39T0536  13N9974  39T0598
  
 
Parts  list  
242  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 249 ---
Recovery  CDs 
For  Windows  XP  Professional  (R50e  series) 
Windows  XP  Professional  is  preinstalled  as  the  operating 
system  in  the  following  models: 
v    1834-K3x,  K4x,  K7x,  K8x,  KHx,  KPx,  KQx,  KRx,  KSx, 
KTx,  KUx,  KVx,  KWx,  KYx,  L3x,  L4x,  L5x,  L7x,  L8x, 
L9x,  LBx,  LDx,  LHx,  M2x,  M3x,  M5x,  M7x,  M8x,  M9x, 
MAx,  MBx,  MDx,  MEx,  MFx,  MGx,  MMx,  MNx,  MPx, 
MQx,  MRx,  MWx,  QAx,  R3x,  R4x,  R5x,  R6x,  R7x,  R9x, 
RAx,  RBx,  RDx,  REx,  RFx,  RGx,  RNx,  RP,  RSx,  RTx, 
RUx,  RWx,  RXx,  S4x,  S6x,  S7x,  S9x, 
v    1842-MUx,  QDx,  QEx
 
Language  P/N  CRU 
ID 
Arabic  39K6289  * 
Chinese,  Simplified  39K6282 
Chinese,  Traditional  39K6283 
Chinese,  Traditional  (Hong  Kong  S.A.R.)  39K6284 
Czech  39K6288 
Danish  39K6278 
Dutch  39K6281 
English,  U.K.  39K6271 
English,  U.S.  39K9505 
Finnish  39K6279 
French  39K6272 
German  39K6273 
Greek  39K6293 
Hebrew  39K6286 
Hungarian  39K6292 
Italian  39K6275 
Japanese  39K6285 
Korean  39K6294 
Norwegian  39K6280 
Polish  39K6287 
Portuguese,  Brazilian  39K6276 
Russian  39K6290 
Spanish  39K6274 
Swedish  39K6277 
Turkish  39K6291
  
 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  243

--- Page 250 ---
For  Windows  XP  Home  Edition  (R50e 
series) 
Windows  XP  Home  Edition  is  preinstalled  as  the  operating 
system  in  the  following  models: 
v    1834-K5x,  K6x,  K9x,  KAx,  KBx,  KCx,  KDx,  KEx,  KFx, 
KGx,  KJx,  KLx,  KXx,  KZx,  L2x,  L6x,  LAx,  LCx,  LEx,  LFx, 
LGx,  M4x,  M6x,  MCx,  MHx,  MJx,  MSx,  MTx,  MVx,  MXx, 
Q2x,  Q3x,  Q4x,  Q5x,  Q6x,  Q7x,  QBx,  R8x,  RCx,  RHx, 
RJx,  RKx,  RMx,  RQx,  RRx,  RVx,  S2x,  S3x,  S5x,  S8x 
v    1842-QFx
 
Language  P/N  CRU 
ID 
Arabic  39K6481  * 
Chinese,  Simplified  39K6474 
Chinese,  Traditional  39K6475 
Chinese,  Traditional  (Hong  Kong  S.A.R.)  39K6476 
Czech  39K6480 
Danish  39K6470 
Dutch  39K6473 
English,  U.K.  39K6463 
English,  U.S.  39K9513 
Finnish  39K6471 
French  39K6464 
German  39K6465 
Greek  39K6485 
Hebrew  39K6478 
Hungarian  39K6484 
Italian  39K6467 
Japanese  39K6477 
Korean  39K6486 
Norwegian  39K6472 
Polish  39K6479 
Portuguese,  Brazilian  39K6468 
Russian  39K6482 
Spanish  39K6466 
Swedish  39K6469 
Turkish  39K6483
  
 
Parts  list  
244  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 251 ---
For  Windows  XP  Professional  (R51e  series) 
Windows  XP  Professional  is  preinstalled  as  the  operating 
system  in  the  following  models: 
v    1843-24x,  29x,  2Ex,  2Kx,  2Lx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Rx,  2Sx, 
2Vx,  2Wx,  35x,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Mx,  3Rx, 
3Sx,  3Tx,  3Ux,  3Vx,  3Wx,  3Yx,  3Zx,  42x,  43x,  44x,  47x, 
49x,  4Ax,  4Cx,  4Ex,  4Gx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Qx, 
4Rx,  4Sx,  4Vx,  4Wx,  4Xx,  4Zx,  53x,  54x,  55x,  59x,  5Bx, 
5Dx,  5Ex 
v    1844-5Gx,  5Hx 
v    1845-5Kx
 
Language  P/N  CRU 
ID 
Arabic  42J4410  * 
Chinese,  Simplified  42J4403 
Chinese,  Traditional  42J4404 
Chinese,  Traditional  (Hong  Kong  S.A.R.)  42J4405 
Czech  42J4409 
Danish  42J4399 
Dutch  42J4402 
English,  Russia  42J4392 
English,  U.K.  42J4391 
English,  U.S.  42J4390 
Finnish  42J4400 
French  42J4393 
German  42J4394 
Greek  42J4414 
Hebrew  42J4407 
Hungarian  42J4413 
Italian  42J4396 
Japanese  42J4406 
Korean  42J4415 
Norwegian  42J4401 
Polish  42J4408 
Portuguese,  Brazilian  42J4397 
Russian  42J4411 
Slovenian  42J4416 
Spanish  42J4395 
Swedish  42J4398 
Turkish  42J4412
  
 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  245

--- Page 252 ---
For  Windows  XP  Home  Edition  (R51e 
series) 
Windows  XP  Home  Edition  is  preinstalled  as  the  operating 
system  in  the  following  models: 
v    1843-22x,  23x,  25x,  27x,  2Ax,  2Bx,  2Dx,  2Fx,  2Hx,  2Jx, 
2Px,  2Qx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Xx,  2Yx,  2Zx,  33x,  34x,  36x,  3Ax, 
3Bx,  3Ex,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx,  3Nx,  3Px,  3Qx,  3Xx,  48x,  4Bx, 
4Dx,  4Fx,  4Hx,  4Mx,  4Ux,  4Yx,  52x,  5Ax,  5Cx 
v    1844-5Fx,  5Jx
 
Language  P/N  CRU 
ID 
Arabic  42J4626  * 
Chinese,  Simplified  42J4619 
Chinese,  Traditional  42J4620 
Chinese,  Traditional  (Hong  Kong  S.A.R.)  42J4621 
Czech  42J4625 
Danish  42J4615 
Dutch  42J4618 
English,  Russia  42J4608 
English,  U.K.  42J4607 
English,  U.S.  42J4606 
Finnish  42J4616 
French  42J4609 
German  42J4610 
Greek  42J4630 
Hebrew  42J4623 
Hungarian  42J4629 
Italian  42J4612 
Japanese  42J4622 
Korean  42J4631 
Norwegian  42J4617 
Polish  42J4624 
Portuguese,  Brazilian  42J4613 
Russian  42J4627 
Spanish  42J4611 
Swedish  42J4614 
Turkish  42J4628
  
 
Parts  list  
246  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 253 ---
For  Windows  XP  Professional  (R52  series) 
Windows  XP  Professional  is  preinstalled  as  the  operating 
system  in  the  following  models: 
v    1846-2Hx,  2Jx,  3Vx,  3Wx,  4Cx,  4Dx,  4Ex,  4Lx,  52x, 
53x,  54x,  55x,  57x,,58x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Hx,  5Jx,  5Kx,  5Lx, 
5Rx,  62x,  63x,  64x,  66x,  67x,  68x,  69x,  6Bx,  6Cx,  6Ex, 
6Ex,  6Gx,  6Hx,  6Kx,  6Lx,  6Nx,  6Px,  6Qx,  6Sx,  6Tx,  6Ux 
v    1847-22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax,  2Bx, 
2Cx,  2Dx,  2Ex,  2Fx,  2Gx,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x, 
38x,  39x,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Fx,  3Gx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx,  3Nx,  3Px, 
3Rx,  3Sx,  3Tx,  3Ux,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x,  48x, 
4Bx 
v    1848-22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  2Fx,  2Gx,  32x,  33x, 
34x,  35x,  36x,  37x,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  4Bx 
v    1849-4Px,  4Qx,  4Rx,  5Sx,  5Tx,  5Ux,  6Vx 
v    1850-22x 
v    1870-22x 
v    1858-47x,  6Kx,  6Mx,  6Nx,  6Px,  6Sx 
v    1859-28x,  2Ax,  2Hx,  3Mx,  3Rx,  3Sx,  4Ax,  4Rx,  4Sx, 
4Yx,  55x,  5Dx,  5Rx,  6Vx,  6Wx 
v    1860-25x,  26x,  2Bx,  2Fx,  2Kx,  2Lx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Tx,  2Yx, 
32x,  3Bx,  3Ex,  4Jx,  4Mx,  4Qx,  56x,  57x,  5Bx,  5Cx,  5Ex, 
5Hx,  5Kx,  5Sx,  5Ux,  5Zx,  69x,  6Fx,  6Gx,  6Jx 
v    1861-25x,  26x,  2Bx,  2Fx,  2Kx,  2Yx,  32x,  3Bx,  3Ex,  3Tx, 
3Ux,  4Mx,  56x,  5Ex,  5Sx,  69x,  6Fx,  6Gx,  6Jx 
v    1862-2Cx
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  247

--- Page 254 ---
Language  P/N  CRU 
ID 
Arabic  39K7811  * 
Chinese,  Simplified  39K7803 
Chinese,  Traditional  39K7804 
Chinese,  Traditional  (Hong  Kong  S.A.R.)  39K7805 
Czech  39K7810 
Danish  39K7799 
Dutch  39K7802 
English,  U.K.  39K7792 
English,  U.S.  39K7791 
Finnish  39K7800 
French  39K7793 
German  39K7794 
Greek  39K7815 
Hebrew  39K7808 
Hungarian  39K7814 
Italian  39K7796 
Japanese  39K7806 
Korean  39K7807 
Norwegian  39K7801 
Polish  39K7809 
Portuguese,  Brazilian  39K7797 
Russian  39K7812 
Spanish  39K7795 
Swedish  39K7798 
Turkish  39K7813
  
 
Parts  list  
248  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 255 ---
v    1846-84x,  8Ax,  96x,  98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Cx,  9Ex,  9Fx, 
9Gx,  A2x,  A3x,  A6x,  A7x,  A8x,  A9x,  ABx,  ACx 
v    1847-82x,  83x,  8Ex,  8Fx,  8Gx,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Kx,  92x,  93x, 
9Lx,  9Mx,  9Nx,  9Px,  9Qx,  9Rx,  9Sx,  9Tx,  AEx,  AFx, 
AGx,  AHx,  AJx 
v    1848-82x,  83x,  92x,  93x 
v    1849-8Cx,  8Dx,  8Lx,  8Mx,  8Nx,  9Ux,  9Vx,  9Wx,  ADx, 
AKx,  ALx 
v    1858-9Bx,  9Dx,  9Ex,  9Fx,  9Gx,  9Hx,  9Kx,  9Lx,  9Mx, 
9Nx,  9Px,  9Qx,  9Rx,  9Sx,  9Tx,  9Ux,  9Vx,  9Wx,  9Xx, 
9Yx,  9Zx,  A4x,  A5x,  A6x,  A9x,  AAx,  ADx,  AEx,  AFx,  AJx, 
AKx,  ALx,  AMx,  ANx,  APx,  AQx,  ARx,  ASx,  ATx,  AUx, 
AVx 
v    1859-B6x,  B7x,  B8x,  B9x,  BAx 
v    1860-9Fx,  9Gx,  BPx,  BQx,  BRx,  BSx,  BTx,  BUx,  BVx, 
BWx,  BXx,  BYx,  BZx,  C2x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  C6x,  C7x, 
C8x,  C9x,  CAx,  CBx, 
v    1861-9Gx,  BUx,  BZx
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  249

--- Page 256 ---
Language  P/N  CRU 
ID 
Arabic  39K8507  * 
Chinese,  Simplified  39K8499 
Chinese,  Traditional  39K8500 
Chinese,  Traditional  (Hong  Kong  S.A.R.)  39K8501 
Czech  39K8506 
Danish  39K8495 
Dutch  39K8498 
English,  Russia  39K9835 
English,  U.K.  39K8488 
English,  U.S.  39K8487 
Finnish  39K8496 
French  39K8489 
German  39K8490 
Greek  39K8511 
Hebrew  39K8504 
Hungarian  39K8510 
Italian  39K8492 
Japanese  39K8502 
Korean  39K8503 
Norwegian  39K8497 
Polish  39K8505 
Portuguese,  Brazilian  39K8493 
Russian  39K8508 
Slovenian  39K9866 
Spanish  39K8491 
Swedish  39K8494 
Turkish  39K8509
  
 
Parts  list  
250  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 257 ---
For  Windows  XP  Home  Edition  (R52  series) 
Windows  XP  Home  Edition  is  preinstalled  as  the  operating 
system  in  the  following  models: 
v    1846-4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  56x,  5Bx, 
5Cx,  5Dx,  5Ex,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Mx,  5Nx,  5Px,  5Qx,  65x, 
6Ax,  6Fx,  6Jx,  6Mx,  6Rx 
v    1847-3Ax,  3Bx,  3Ex,  3Hx,  3Mx,  3Qx,  49x,  4Ax 
v    1858-22x,  29x,  2Sx,  2Wx,  2Vx,  2Zx,  33x,  37x,  38x,  3Cx, 
3Dx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Nx,  3Px,  42x,  44x,  49x,  4Dx,  4Fx, 
4Gx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Tx,  4Ux,  4Vx,  4Wx,  53x,  59x,  5Gx, 
5Nx,  5Px,  5Xx,  64x,  67x,  6Bx,  6Hx,  6Rx,  6Tx,  6Ux 
v    1860-58x,  5Gx
 
Language  P/N  CRU 
ID 
Arabic  39K8011  * 
Chinese,  Simplified  39K8003 
Chinese,  Traditional  39K8004 
Chinese,  Traditional  (Hong  Kong  S.A.R.)  39K8005 
Czech  39K8010 
Danish  39K7999 
Dutch  39K8002 
English,  U.K.  39K7992 
English,  U.S.  39K7991 
Finnish  39K8000 
French  39K7993 
German  39K7994 
Greek  39K8015 
Hebrew  39K8008 
Hungarian  39K8014 
Italian  39K7996 
Japanese  39K8006 
Korean  39K8007 
Norwegian  39K8001 
Polish  39K8009 
Portuguese,  Brazilian  39K7997 
Russian  39K8012 
Spanish  39K7995 
Swedish  39K7998 
Turkish  39K8013
  
 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  251

--- Page 258 ---
v    1846-85x,  86x,  87x,  88x,  89x,  8Bx,  94x,  95x,  97x,  9Dx, 
9Hx,  A4x,  A5x,  AAx 
v    1858-92x,  93x,  94x,  96x,  96x,  97x,  98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Jx, 
A2x,  A3x,  A7x,  ABx,  ACx,  AGx,  AHx,  AXx,  AYx,  CCx
 
Language  P/N  CRU 
ID 
Arabic  39K8707  * 
Chinese,  Simplified  39K8699 
Chinese,  Traditional  39K8700 
Chinese,  Traditional  (Hong  Kong  S.A.R.)  39K8701 
Czech  39K8706 
Danish  39K8695 
Dutch  39K8698 
English,  Russia  39K9843 
English,  U.K.  39K8688 
English,  U.S.  39K8687 
Finnish  39K8696 
French  39K8689 
German  39K8690 
Greek  39K8711 
Hebrew  39K8704 
Hungarian  39K8710 
Italian  39K8692 
Japanese  39K8702 
Korean  39K8703 
Norwegian  39K8697 
Polish  39K8705 
Portuguese,  Brazilian  39K8693 
Russian  39K8708 
Spanish  39K8691 
Swedish  39K8694 
Turkish  39K8709
  
 
Parts  list  
252  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 259 ---
Miscellaneous  parts 
 
FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
Screw  kit  (including  nylon-coated  screws): 
v    M2.5  ×  4.8  mm  (black),  bind-head  (8) 
v    M2  ×  4  mm  (black),  bind-head  (14) 
v    M2  ×  6  mm  (black),  bind-head  (4) 
v    M2  ×  12  mm  (black),  flat-head  (17) 
v    M2  ×  10  mm  (black),  flat-head  (9) 
v    Hex  stud  (4) 
v    M2  ×  18.9  mm,  special  shape  (1) 
v    M3  ×  3  mm  (PHILLIPS/slotted)  (1) 
v    M2  ×  3  mm  (silver),  small  flat-head  (LCD 
unit  hinge)  (8) 
v    Screw  caps  (not  painted) 
v    Screw  caps,  square 
v    Screw  caps,  USB 
v    Screw  caps,  rear,  oval 
13N5168  N 
Base  miscellaneous  parts  for  R50e: 
v    Eng  Spec 
v    Knob  battery  lock  L 
v    HDD  shock  absorber  14/15 
v    HDD  shock  absorber  14 
v    Latch  battery  lock  R 
v    Latch  battery  lock  L 
v    Link  battery  lock 
v    Insulation,  bottom 
v    Insulation  sheet 
v    Insulation,  louver 
v    Lid  PCMCIA 
v    Puller 
v    Pull  lever 
v    Rubber  foot  (rear) 
v    Rubber  foot  (front) 
v    Pull  lever  spring 
v    Screw  cap  square 
v    Screw  cap  rear  oval 
v    Security  plate 
v    Sheet,  HDD  rubber  14 
v    Sheet,  HDD  rubber  15 
v    Slide  lever 
v    Slide  lever  spring 
v    Spring  battery  lock 
v    Spring  Lid  PCMCIA 
13N5166 
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  253

--- Page 260 ---
FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
Base  miscellaneous  parts  for  1846,  1847, 
1848,  1849: 
v    Spring  Lid  PCMCIA 
v    Puller 
v    Latch  battery  lock  R 
v    Link  battery  lock 
v    Sheet,  HDD  rubber  15 
v    Security  plate 
v    Rubber  foot  (rear) 
v    Spring  battery  lock 
v    Rubber  foot  (front) 
v    Sheet,  HDD  rubber  14 
v    Screw  cap  rear  oval 
v    HDD  shock  absorber  14/15 
v    HDD  shock  absorber  14 
v    Shield,  battery  14 
v    Shield,  battery  15 
v    Eng  Spec 
v    Slide  lever  spring 
v    Insulation,  louver 
v    Pull  lever  spring 
v    Screw  cap  square 
v    Lid  PCMCIA 
v    Insulation,  bottom 
v    Insulation  sheet 
v    Latch  battery  lock  L 
v    Knob  battery  lock  L 
v    Slide  lever 
v    Pull  lever 
26R8527  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
254  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 261 ---
FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
Base  miscellaneous  parts  for  1858,  1859, 
1860,  1861: 
v    Cover,  PC  Card  slot 
v    Spring,  PC  Card  slot  cover 
v    Rubber  foot  (rear) 
v    Rubber  foot  (front) 
v    Insulation,  bottom 
v    Insulation  sheet 
v    Insulation,  louver 
v    Battery  lock  knob  L 
v    Battery  lock  latch  L 
v    Battery  lock  latch  R 
v    Battery  lock  link 
v    Spring,  battery  lock 
v    Slide  lever 
v    Slide  lever  spring 
v    Pull  lever 
v    Pull  lever  spring 
v    Puller 
v    HDD  rubber  14/15 
v    Sheet,  HDD  rubber  15 
v    Sheet,  HDD  rubber  14 
v    HDD  rubber  15 
v    HDD  rubber  14 
v    HDD  shock  absorber  14/15 
v    HDD  shock  absorber  14 
v    Security  plate 
v    Shield,  battery  14-CR 
v    Shield,  battery  15 
13R2693  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  255

--- Page 262 ---
FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
System  board  miscellaneous  parts  for  R50e: 
v    Antenna  Cable  Guide  Y5/K5 
v    Blank  Cap,  IEEE1394 
v    Bracket,  Cable  Hook 
v    Bracket  M7  14  -  CR 
v    Bracket  M7  15  -  CR 
v    Bracket,  Joint  14  -  CR 
v    Bracket,  Joint  15  -  CR 
v    Bracket  -  VGA  connector  14  -  CR 
v    Bracket  -  VGA  connector  15 
v    Bracket  I/O  Plate  14/15  -  CR 
v    Bracket  Structure  14/15 
v    Cable  RJ11-  PLANAR  DOCKING 
v    Connector  Bag 
v    Cu  Tape,  VGA  Cable 
v    DC  in  Cable 
v    Eng  Spec 
v    Ferrite  Core  RH 
v    HDD  Conn.  Retainer  -  CR 
v    Retainer,  LCD  Cable  14/15  -  CR 
v    Spacer,  IEEE1394  -  CR 
13R2821  N 
System  board  miscellaneous  parts  for  R52: 
v    Antenna  Cable  Guide  Y5/K5 
v    Blank  Cap,  IEEE1394 
v    Bracket,  Cable  Hook 
v    Bracket  M7  14  -  CR 
v    Bracket  M7  15  -  CR 
v    Bracket,  Joint  14  -  CR 
v    Bracket,  Joint  15  -  CR 
v    Bracket  -  VGA  connector  14  -  CR 
v    Bracket  -  VGA  connector  15 
v    Bracket  I/O  Plate  14/15  -  CR 
v    Bracket  Structure  14/15 
v    Cable  RJ11-  PLANAR  DOCKING 
v    Connector  Bag 
v    Cu  Tape,  VGA  Cable 
v    DC  in  Cable 
v    Eng  Spec 
v    Ferrite  Core  RH 
v    HDD  Conn.  Retainer  -  CR 
v    Retainer,  LCD  Cable  14/15  -  CR 
v    Spacer,  IEEE1394  -  CR 
13N5165 
  
(continued) 
Parts  list  
256  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 263 ---
FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
14.1-in.  LCD  miscellaneous  parts: 
v    (k)  LCD  latch  assembly,  14  (L) 
v    (l)  LCD  latch,  14  (R) 
v    (m)  Lower  cable  bush,  14 
v    (n)  Upper  cable  bush,  14 
v    Finger,  LCD  FPC  14 
v    Screw  caps  (not  painted) 
v    Screw  caps,  square
Note:
  Italicized  letters  in  parentheses  are 
references  to  the  exploded  view  on  page  220. 
13N5169  N 
15.0-in.  LCD  miscellaneous  parts: 
v    (k)  LCD  latch  assembly,  15  (L) 
v    (l)  LCD  latch,  15  (R) 
v    (m)  Lower  cable  bush,  15 
v    (n)  Upper  cable  bush,  15 
v    LCD  FPC  tape 
v    Finger,  LCD  FPC  15 
v    Screw  caps  (not  painted) 
v    Screw  caps,  square 
13N5170  N 
System  miscellaneous  parts  for  R50e: 
v    (a)  Cable,  RJ11-docking  connector  on 
system  board 
v    (e)  DC  in  cable 
v    (i)  Bracket,  I/O  plate  14/15,  CR 
v    (h)  Bracket  structure  14/15 
v    (b)  Antenna  cable  guide 
v    (c)  EMI  spring,  CDC 
v    Connector  bag 
v    Blank  cap,  IEEE1394  connector 
v    Spacer,  IEEE1394  connector,  CR 
v    (j)  Retainer,  LCD  cable  14/15,  CR 
v    (g)  Bracket,  VGA  connector  14,  CR 
v    (g)  Bracket,  VGA  connector  15,  CR 
v    (f)  Bracket,  cable  hook 
v    HDD  connector  retainer,  CR 
v    Bracket  M7  14,  CR 
v    Bracket  M7  15,  CR 
v    (d)  Heatsink  M9  14 
v    (d)  Heatsink  M9  15,  CR 
v    Ferrite  core,  RH 
v    Ferrite  core,  LH 
v    Bracket,  joint  14,  CR 
v    Bracket,  joint  15,  CR 
v    Cu  tape,  VGA  cable
Note:
  Italicized  letters  in  parentheses  are 
references  to  the  exploded  view  on  page  160. 
13R2875  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  257

--- Page 264 ---
FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
System  miscellaneous  parts  for  1846,  1847, 
1848,  1849 
v    (a)  Cable,  RJ11-docking  connector  on 
system  board 
v    (e)  DC  in  cable 
v    (i)  Bracket,  I/O  plate  14/15,  CR 
v    (h)  Bracket  structure  14/15 
v    (b)  Antenna  cable  guide 
v    (c)  EMI  spring,  CDC 
v    Connector  bag 
v    Blank  cap,  IEEE1394  connector 
v    Spacer,  IEEE1394  connector,  CR 
v    (j)  Retainer,  LCD  cable  14/15,  CR 
v    (g)  Bracket,  VGA  connector  14,  CR 
v    (g)  Bracket,  VGA  connector  15,  CR 
v    (f)  Bracket,  cable  hook 
v    HDD  connector  retainer,  CR 
v    Bracket  M7  14,  CR 
v    Bracket  M7  15,  CR 
v    (d)  Heatsink  M9  14 
v    (d)  Heatsink  M9  15,  CR 
v    Ferrite  core,  RH 
v    Ferrite  core,  LH 
v    Bracket,  joint  14,  CR 
v    Bracket,  joint  15,  CR 
v    Cu  tape,  VGA  cable
Note:
  Italicized  letters  in  parentheses  are 
references  to  the  exploded  view  on  page 
160.: 
26R9079  N 
System  miscellaneous  parts  for  1858,  1859, 
1860,  1861: 
v    (a)  Cable,  RJ11-docking  connector  on 
system  board 
v    (b)  Antenna  cable  guide 
v    (c)  EMI  spring,  CDC 
v    (e)  DC  in  cable 
v    (f)  Bracket,  cable  hook 
v    HDD  connector  retainer-CR 
v    (g)  Bracket,  VGA  connector  14 
v    (g)  Bracket,  VGA  connector  15 
v    (h)  Bracket  structure  14/15 
v    (i)  Bracket,  I/O  plate  14/15-CR 
v    Connector  bag 
v    Blank  cap,  IEEE1394  connector 
v    Spacer,  IEEE1394  connector-CR 
v    (j)  Retainer,  LCD  cable  14/15-CR 
v    Bracket  M7  14-CR 
v    Bracket  M7  15 
v    Ferrite  core,  LH 
v    Bracket,  joint  14-CR 
v    Bracket,  joint  15-CR 
v    Cu  tape,  VGA  cable
Note:
  Italicized  letters  in  parentheses  are 
references  to  the  exploded  view  on  page  160. 
13R2694  N
 
Parts  list  
258  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 265 ---
Optional  FRUs 
 
FRU  P/N  CRU 
ID 
128-MB  DDR  SDRAM  SO  DIMM  (PC2100)  10K0029  * 
256-MB  DDR  SDRAM  SO  DIMM  (PC2100)  10K0031  * 
512-MB  DDR  SDRAM  SO  DIMM  (PC2100)  10K0033  * 
1-GB  DDR  SDRAM  SO  DIMM  (PC2100)  10K0035  * 
Ultrabay  Enhanced  hard  disk  drive  adapter  62P4553  * 
Optional  adapter  for  12.7mm  bay  13N5113  * 
Ultrabay  Enhanced  Li  Polymer  battery  (2nd 
bay  battery,  3  cell),  SANYO  (WW) 
08K8191  * 
Video  cable  27L0531  * 
ThinkPad  Dock  II  67P9010  * 
ThinkPad  Dock  II  top  cover  and  screw  kit  46P3085  N 
ThinkPad  Dock  II  PCI  cover  46P3086  * 
ThinkPad  Mini  Dock  67P9011  * 
ThinkPad  Mini  Dock  AC  adapter  (2  pin,  120  W)  * 
DELTA  02K7086 
LITEON  02K7092 
ThinkPad  Mini  Dock  AC  adapter  (3  pin,  120  W)  * 
DELTA  02K7094 
LITEON  02K7096 
ThinkPad  Port  Replicator  II  74P6735  * 
ThinkPad  Slim  Drive  Adapter  for  Ultrabay 
2000 
62P4556  * 
Multiple  battery  charger  02K6642  * 
External  diskette  drive  cable  27L0525  * 
Diskette  drive  (TEAC)  08K9606  * 
Diskette  drive  (SONY)  08K9607  *
  
 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  259

--- Page 266 ---
Common  parts  list 
Tools 
 
Tool  P/N 
Triconnector  wrap  plug  72X8546 
PC  test  card  35G4703 
PCI-Express/USB  Wrap  card  27K9813 
Audio  wrap  cable  66G5180 
USB  parallel  test  cable  05K2580 
Screwdriver  kit  95F3598 
Torque  screwdriver  05K4695 
5-mm  socket  wrench  05K4694 
Screwdriver  27L8126 
Removal  tool  antenna  RF  connector  08K7159 
USB  floppy  disk  drive  tool  kit  27L3452 
ThinkPad  Hardware  Maintenance  Diskette  Version 
1.73  or  later 
Note:  Download  the  file  from  the  following  Web  site: 
http://www.lenovo.com/think/spm 
—
  
Power  cords  (system) 
A  ThinkPad  power  cord  for  a  specific  country  or  region  is 
usually  available  only  in  that  country  or  region: 
For  2-pin  power  cords: 
 
Region  P/N  CRU 
ID 
Canada,  U.S. 
v    models  -CTO,  xxF,  xxL,  xxS,  xxU 
13H5264  * 
Japan 
v    models  -Exx,  Jxx 
74P4331 
Argentina 
v    models  -CTO,  xxY 
36L8870 
Brazil 
v    models  -CTO,  xxP 
49P2095
 
Parts  list  
260  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 267 ---
For  3-pin  power  cords: 
 
Region  P/N  CRU 
ID 
Australia,  New  Zealand 
v    models  -CTO,  xxG,  xxM 
39M4960  * 
Taiwan,  Thailand 
v    models  -CTO,  xxV 
76H3516 
Italy 
v    models  -CTO,  xxG 
76H3530 
Denmark 
v    models  -CTO,  xxG 
76H3520 
U.K.,  China  (Hong  Kong  S.A.R.) 
v    models  -CTO,  xxB,  xxG,  xxH 
76H3524 
European  countries 
v    models  -CTO,  xxG 
76H3518 
India,  South  Africa 
v    models  -CTO,  xxG 
76H3522 
Israel 
v    models  -CTO,  xxG 
76H3532 
Korea 
v    models  -xxK 
76H3535 
China  (P.R.C.)  (other  than  Hong  Kong  S.A.R.) 
v    models  -xxC 
02K0539 
Switzerland 
v    models  -CTO,  xxG 
76H3528
  
 
Parts  list 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  261

--- Page 268 ---
Power  cords  (ThinkPad  Dock  II) 
A  ThinkPad  power  cord  for  a  specific  country  or  region  is 
usually  available  only  in  that  country  or  region: 
For  3-pin  power  cords: 
 
Region  P/N  CRU 
ID 
Argentina  36L8868  * 
Australia,  New  Zealand  75H8988 
Brazil  49P2101 
Canada,  Thailand,  U.S.  75H8989 
Denmark  75H8992 
European  countries  75H8990 
India,  South  Africa  75H8993 
Israel  75H8999 
Italy  75H8998 
Japan  75H8996 
Korea  76H3536 
China  (P.R.C.)  (other  than  Hong  Kong  S.A.R)  02K0540 
Switzerland  75H8997 
U.K.  75H8994
  
Parts  list  
262  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 269 ---
Notices 
Lenovo  may  not  offer  the  products,  services,  or  features 
discussed  in  this  document  in  all  countries.  Consult  your 
local  Lenovo  representative  for  information  on  the  products 
and  services  currently  available  in  your  area.  Any 
reference  to  a  Lenovo  product,  program,  or  service  is  not 
intended  to  state  or  imply  that  only  that  Lenovo  product, 
program,  or  service  may  be  used.  Any  functionally 
equivalent  product,  program,  or  service  that  does  not 
infringe  any  Lenovo  intellectual  property  right  may  be  used 
instead.  However,  it  is  the  user’s  responsibility  to  evaluate 
and  verify  the  operation  of  any  other  product,  program,  or 
service. 
Lenovo  may  have  patents  or  pending  patent  applications 
covering  subject  matter  described  in  this  document.  The 
furnishing  of  this  document  does  not  give  you  any  license 
to  these  patents.  You  can  send  license  inquiries,  in  writing, 
to: 
   
Lenovo  (United  States),  Inc. 
   
500  Park  Offices  Drive,  Hwy.  54 
   
Research  Triangle  Park,  NC  27709 
   
U.S.A. 
   
Attention:  Lenovo  Director  of  Licensing
LENOVO
  GROUP  LTD.  PROVIDES  THIS  PUBLICATION 
“AS  IS”  WITHOUT  WARRANTY  OF  ANY  KIND,  EITHER 
EXPRESS  OR  IMPLIED,  INCLUDING,  BUT  NOT  LIMITED 
TO,  THE  IMPLIED  WARRANTIES  OF 
NON-INFRINGEMENT,  MERCHANTABILITY  OR  FITNESS 
FOR  A  PARTICULAR  PURPOSE.  Some  jurisdictions  do 
not  allow  disclaimer  of  express  or  implied  warranties  in 
certain  transactions,  therefore,  this  statement  may  not 
apply  to  you. 
This  information  could  include  technical  inaccuracies  or 
typographical  errors.  Changes  are  periodically  made  to  the 
information  herein;  these  changes  will  be  incorporated  in 
new  editions  of  the  publication.  Lenovo  may  make 
improvements  and/or  changes  in  the  product(s)  and/or  the 
program(s)  described  in  this  publication  at  any  time  without 
notice. 
The  products  described  in  this  document  are  not  intended 
for  use  in  implantation  or  other  life  support  applications 
where  malfunction  may  result  in  injury  or  death  to  persons. 
The  information  contained  in  this  document  does  not  affect 
or  change  Lenovo  product  specifications  or  warranties. 
Nothing  in  this  document  shall  operate  as  an  express  or 
implied  license  or  indemnity  under  the  intellectual  property 
rights  of  Lenovo  or  third  parties.  All  information  contained 
in  this  document  was  obtained  in  specific  environments 
Notices 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  263

--- Page 270 ---
and  is  presented  as  an  illustration.  The  result  obtained  in 
other  operating  environments  may  vary. 
Lenovo  may  use  or  distribute  any  of  the  information  you 
supply  in  any  way  it  believes  appropriate  without  incurring 
any  obligation  to  you. 
Any  references  in  this  publication  to  non-Lenovo  Web  sites 
are  provided  for  convenience  only  and  do  not  in  any 
manner  serve  as  an  endorsement  of  those  Web  sites.  The 
materials  at  those  Web  sites  are  not  part  of  the  materials 
for  this  Lenovo  product,  and  use  of  those  Web  sites  is  at 
your  own  risk. 
Any  performance  data  contained  herein  was  determined  in 
a  controlled  environment.  Therefore,  the  result  obtained  in 
other  operating  environments  may  vary  significantly.  Some 
measurements  may  have  been  made  on  development-level 
systems  and  there  is  no  guarantee  that  these 
measurements  will  be  the  same  on  generally  available 
systems.  Furthermore,  some  measurements  may  have 
been  estimated  through  extrapolation.  Actual  results  may 
vary.  Users  of  this  document  should  verify  the  applicable 
data  for  their  specific  environment. 
Notices  
264  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series

--- Page 271 ---
Trademarks 
The  following  terms  are  trademarks  of  Lenovo  in  the 
United  States,  other  countries  or  both: 
   
Lenovo 
   
Rescue  and  Recovery 
   
ThinkLight 
   
ThinkPad 
   
ThinkPad  Dock  II 
   
ThinkPad  Mini  Dock 
   
ThinkPad  Port  Replicator 
   
ThinkPad  Port  Replicator  II 
   
TrackPoint 
   
Ultrabay 
   
Ultrabay  2000 
   
Ultrabay  Plus 
   
UltraNav
The
  following  terms  are  trademarks  of  the  International 
Business  Machines  Corporation  in  the  United  States,  other 
countries,  or  both: 
   
IBM  (used  under  license) 
   
OS/2
Microsoft,
  Windows,  and  Windows  NT  are  trademarks  of 
Microsoft  Corporation  in  the  United  States,  other  countries, 
or  both. 
Intel  and  Pentium  are  trademarks  or  registered  trademarks 
of  Intel  Corporation  or  its  subsidiaries  in  the  United  States 
and  other  countries. 
Other  company,  product,  or  service  names  may  be  the 
trademarks  or  service  marks  of  others. 
Trademarks 
ThinkPad  R50e,  R51e  and  R52  Series  265

--- Page 272 ---
Part Number: 39T2462_01
  
  
 
  
(1P)  P/N:  39T2462

