Brand: IBM
Model: Thinkpad T60
URL: https://www.manua.ls/ibm/thinkpad-t60/manual
Total Pages: 226
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
ThinkPad
® 
T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and 
15.0-inch)
Hard ware
  Maintenance  Manual 
   
 
 
 
 
  
September  2008 
This  manual  supports: 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch) 
(MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613, 
2623,  and  2637)

--- Page 3 ---
ThinkPad
® 
T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and 
15.0-inch)
Hard ware
  Maintenance  Manual

--- Page 4 ---
Note 
Before  using  this  information  and  the  product  it  supports,  be  sure  to  read  the  general  information  under  “Notices”  on  page 
217.
Fifth  Edition  (September  2008) 
©  Copyright  Lenovo  2006,  2008.  All  rights  reserved. 
LENOVO  products,  data,  computer  software,  and  services  have  been  developed  exclusively  at  private  expense  and 
are  sold  to  governmental  entities  as  commercial  items  as  defined  by  48  C.F.R.  2.101  with  limited  and  restricted 
rights  to  use,  reproduction  and  disclosure. 
LIMITED  AND  RESTRICTED  RIGHTS  NOTICE:  If  products,  data,  computer  software,  or  services  are  delivered 
pursuant  a  General  Services  Administration  ″GSA″  contract,  use,  reproduction,  or  disclosure  is  subject  to  restrictions 
set  forth  in  Contract  No.  GS-35F-05925.

--- Page 5 ---
Contents 
About  this  manual   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .1 
Introduction   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .3 
Important  service  information   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .3 
Strategy  for  replacing  FRUs   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .3 
Strategy  for  replacing  a  hard  disk  drive   .  .  .  .4 
Important  notice  for  replacing  a  system  board   .  .4 
How  to  use  error  messages   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .4 
Strategy  for  replacing  FRUs  for  CTO,  CMV,  and  GAV  4 
Product  definition   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .4 
FRU  identification  for  CTO,  CMV,  and  GAV 
products  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .5 
Important  information  about  replacing  RoHS 
compliant  FRUs   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .6 
Diskette  compatibility  matrix   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .7 
Safety  notices:  multilingual  translations   .  .  .  .  .8 
Safety  information   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .16 
General  safety   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .16 
Electrical  safety   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .16 
Safety  inspection  guide   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .18 
Handling  devices  that  are  sensitive  to 
electrostatic  discharge   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .19 
Grounding  requirements   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .19 
Laser  compliance  statement   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .20 
General  descriptions  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .23 
Read  this  first   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .23 
What  to  do  first   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .23 
Related  service  information   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .25 
Service  Web  site   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .25 
Restoring  the  factory  contents  by  using  Product 
Recovery  discs   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .25 
Passwords  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .26 
Power  management   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .28 
Checkout  guide   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .31 
Testing  the  computer   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .31 
Detecting  system  information  with  PC-Doctor   .  .33 
Power  system  checkout   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .34 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and 
15.0-inch)   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .37 
Product  overview   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .38 
Specifications  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .38 
Status  indicators  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .41 
FRU  tests   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .44 
Fn  key  combinations   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .46 
Symptom-to-FRU  index   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .49 
Numeric  error  codes   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .49 
Error  messages   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .53 
Beep  symptoms   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .54 
No-beep  symptoms  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .54 
LCD-related  symptoms   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .55 
Intermittent  problems   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .56 
Undetermined  problems   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .56 
FRU  replacement  notices   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .57 
Screw  notices  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .57 
Retaining  serial  numbers   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .57 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .60 
FRU  compatibility  matrix  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .61 
1010  Battery  pack   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .63 
1020  Ultrabay  Slim  device   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .64 
1030  Hard  disk  drive  cover,  hard  disk  drive,  and 
hard  disk  drive  rubber  rails   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .65 
1040  Palm  rest  or  palm  rest  with  fingerprint 
reader   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .67 
1050  DIMM   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .74 
1060  Keyboard   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .75 
1070  Modem  daughter  card  (MDC-1.5)   .  .  .  .77 
1080  PCI  Express  Mini  Card  for  802.11  a/b/g 
wireless  LAN  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .79 
1090  PCI  Express  Mini  Card  for  802.11  a/b/g/n 
wireless  LAN  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .81 
1100  PCI  Express  Mini  Card  for  wireless  WAN  83 
1110  Backup  battery   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .85 
1120  Keyboard  bezel  and  wireless  WAN  antenna 
cable  (AUX)   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .86 
1130  Fan  assembly   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .89 
1140  CPU   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .93 
1150  LCD  assembly  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .94 
1160  Base  cover   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .98 
1170  Speaker  assembly   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 103 
1180  USB  sub  card  with  cable   .  .  .  .  .  .  . 104 
1190  SIM  card  slot  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 106 
1200  Structure  frame   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 107 
1210  System  board,  PC  Card/ExpressCard  slots 
assembly  and  interposer  card   .  .  .  .  .  .  .114 
2010  LCD  front  bezel  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .117 
2020  Inverter  card   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .119 
2030  Bluetooth  daughter  card  (BDC-2)   .  .  .  . 120 
2040  Wireless  WAN  antenna  cable  (MAIN)  or 
wireless  WAN  blank  cover   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 121 
2050  LCD  panel,  LCD  cable,  and  hinges   .  .  . 124 
2060  LCD  rear  cover  and  wireless  LAN  antenna 
cables   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 127 
Locations  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 128 
Front  view   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 128 
Rear  view   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 129 
Bottom  view .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 129 
Parts  list   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 130 
Overall   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 130 
LCD  FRUs   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 171 
Keyboard  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 204 
Recovery  discs   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 205 
Miscellaneous  parts   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 213 
AC  adapters  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 215 
Common  parts  list .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 215 
Notices   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 217 
Trademarks   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 218
 
©  Copyright  Lenovo  2006,  2008  iii

--- Page 6 ---
iv  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 7 ---
About  this  manual 
This  manual  contains  service  and  reference  information  for  ThinkPad
® 
T60  and 
T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  (MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008, 
2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637)  products.  Use  this  manual  along  with  the  advanced 
diagnostic  tests  to  troubleshoot  problems. 
The  manual  is  divided  into  sections  as  follows: 
v    The  common  sections  provide  general  information,  guidelines,  and  safety 
information  required  in  servicing  computers. 
v    The  product-specific  section  includes  service,  reference,  and  product-specific 
parts  information.
 
 
Important 
This  manual  is  intended  for  trained  service  personnel  who  are  familiar  with 
ThinkPad  products.  Use  this  manual  along  with  the  advanced  diagnostic  tests 
to  troubleshoot  problems  effectively. 
Before  servicing  a  ThinkPad  product,  be  sure  to  review  the  safety  information 
under  “Safety  notices:  multilingual  translations”  on  page  8,  “Safety 
information”  on  page  16,  and  “Laser  compliance  statement”  on  page  20. 
 
©  Copyright  Lenovo  2006,  2008  1

--- Page 8 ---
2  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 9 ---
Introduction 
Important  service  information 
 
Important 
BIOS  and  device  driver  fixes  are  customer-installable.  The  BIOS  and  device 
drivers  are  posted  on  the  customer  support  site  http://www.lenovo.com/
support
 
Advise  customers  to  contact  the  Customer  Support  Center  at  800-426-7378  if 
they  need  assistance  in  obtaining  or  installing  any  software  fixes,  drivers,  and 
BIOS  downloads. 
Customers  in  Canada  should  call  the  Customer  Support  Center  at 
800-565-3344  for  assistance  or  download  information. 
Strategy  for  replacing  FRUs 
 
Before  replacing  parts 
Make  sure  that  all  software  fixes,  drivers,  and  BIOS  downloads  are  installed 
before  replacing  any  FRUs  listed  in  this  manual. 
After  a  system  board  is  replaced,  ensure  that  the  latest  BIOS  is  loaded  to  the 
system  board  before  completing  the  service  action. 
To  download  software  fixes,  drivers,  and  BIOS,  do  as  follows: 
1.    Go  to  http://www.lenovo.com/support 
2.    Enter  the  product  number  of  the  computer  or  press  Auto-detect  button  on 
the  screen. 
3.    Select  Downloads  and  drivers. 
4.    Follow  the  directions  on  the  screen  and  install  the  necessary  software.
 Use  the  following  strategy  to  prevent  unnecessary  expense  for  replacing  and 
servicing  FRUs: 
v    If  you  are  instructed  to  replace  a  FRU  but  the  replacement  does  not  correct  the 
problem,  reinstall  the  original  FRU  before  you  continue. 
v    Some  computers  have  both  a  processor  board  and  a  system  board.  If  you  are 
instructed  to  replace  either  the  processor  board  or  the  system  board,  and 
replacing  one  of  them  does  not  correct  the  problem,  reinstall  that  board,  and 
then  replace  the  other  one. 
v    If  an  adapter  or  a  device  consists  of  more  than  one  FRU,  any  of  the  FRUs  may 
be  the  cause  of  the  error.  Before  replacing  the  adapter  or  device,  remove  the 
FRUs,  one  by  one,  to  see  if  the  symptoms  change.  Replace  only  the  FRU  that 
changed  the  symptoms.
 
©  Copyright  Lenovo  2006,  2008  3

--- Page 10 ---
Attention:   The  setup  configuration  on  the  computer  you  are  servicing  may  have 
been  customized.  Running  Automatic  Configuration  may  alter  the  settings.  Note 
the  current  configuration  settings  (using  the  View  Configuration  option);  then, 
when  service  has  been  completed,  verify  that  those  settings  remain  in  effect. 
Strategy  for  replacing  a  hard  disk  drive 
Always  try  to  run  a  low-level  format  before  replacing  a  hard  disk  drive.  This  will 
cause  all  customer  data  on  the  hard  disk  to  be  lost.  Be  sure  that  the  customer  has  a 
current  backup  of  the  data  before  doing  this  task. 
 
Attention:   The  drive  startup  sequence  in  the  computer  you  are  servicing  may 
have  been  changed.  Be  extremely  careful  during  write  operations  such  as  copying, 
saving,  or  formatting.  If  you  select  an  incorrect  drive,  data  or  programs  can  be 
overwritten. 
Important  notice  for  replacing  a  system  board 
Some  components  mounted  on  a  system  board  are  very  sensitive.  Improper 
handling  of  a  system  board  can  cause  damage  to  those  components,  and  may 
cause  a  system  malfunction. 
 
Attention:   When  handling  a  system  board: 
v    Do  not  drop  a  system  board  or  apply  any  excessive  force  to  it. 
v    Avoid  rough  handling  of  any  kind. 
v    Avoid  bending  a  system  board  and  hard  pushing  to  prevent  cracking  at  each 
BGA  (Ball  Grid  Array)  chipset.
How  to  use  error  messages 
Use  the  error  codes  displayed  on  the  screen  to  diagnose  failures.  If  more  than  one 
error  code  is  displayed,  begin  the  diagnosis  with  the  first  error  code.  Whatever 
causes  the  first  error  code  may  also  cause  false  error  codes.  If  no  error  code  is 
displayed,  see  whether  the  error  symptom  is  listed  in  the  Symptom-to-FRU  Index 
for  the  computer  you  are  servicing. 
Strategy  for  replacing  FRUs  for  CTO,  CMV,  and  GAV 
Product  definition 
Dynamic  Configure  To  Order  (CTO)
This  provides  the  ability  for  a  customer  to  configure  an  IBM
® 
or  a  Lenovo
® 
solution  from  an  eSite,  and  have  this  configuration  sent  to  fulfillment,  where  it  is 
built  and  shipped  directly  to  the  customer.  The  machine  label,  Product  Entitlement 
Warehouse  (PEW),  eSupport,  and  the  HMM  will  load  these  products  as  the  4-digit 
MT  and  3-digit  model,  where  model  =  “CTO”  (Example:  1829-CTO). 
Custom  Model  Variant  (CMV)
This
  is  a  unique  configuration  that  has  been  negotiated  between  IBM  or  Lenovo 
and  the  customer.  A  unique  4-digit  MT  and  3-digit  model  is  provided  to  the 
customer  to  place  orders  (Example:  1829-W15).  A  CMV  is  a  special  bid  offering. 
Therefore,  it  is  NOT  generally  announced. 
v    The  MTM  portion  of  the  machine  label  is  the  4-digit  MT  and  3-digit  model, 
where  model  =  “CTO”  (Example:  1829-CTO).  The  PRODUCT  ID  portion  of  the 
machine  label  is  the  4-digit  MT  and  3-digit  CMV  model  (Example:  1829-W15). 
Important  service  information
 
4  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 11 ---
v    The  PEW  record  is  the  4-digit  MT  and  3-digit  model,  where  model  =  “CTO” 
(Example:  1829-CTO). 
v    eSupport  will  show  both  the  CTO  and  CMV  machine  type  models  (Example: 
1829-CTO  and  1829-W15  will  be  found  on  the  eSupport  site.) 
v    The  HMM  will  have  the  4-digit  MT  and  3-digit  CTO  model  only  (Example: 
1829-CTO).  Again,  CMVs  are  custom  models  and  are  not  found  in  the  HMM.
General
  Announce  Variant  (GAV)
This
  is  a  standard  model  (fixed  configuration).  GAVs  are  announced  and  offered  to 
all  customers.  The  MTM  portion  of  the  machine  label  is  a  4-digit  MT  and  3-digit 
model,  where  model  =  a  “fixed  part  number”,  not  “CTO”  (Example:  1829-F1U). 
Also,  PEW,  eSupport,  and  the  HMM  will  list  these  products  under  the  same  fixed 
model  number. 
FRU  identification  for  CTO,  CMV,  and  GAV  products 
There  are  three  information  resources  to  identify  which  FRUs  are  used  to  support 
CTO,  CMV,  and  GAV  products.  These  sources  are  PEW,  eSupport,  and  the  HMM. 
Using  PEW 
v    PEW  is  the  primary  source  for  identifying  FRU  part  numbers  and  FRU 
descriptions  for  the  key  commodities  for  CTO,  CMV  and  GAV  products  at  a  MT 
-  serial  number  level.  An  example  of  key  commodities  are  hard  disk  drives, 
system  boards,  microprocessors,  Liquid  Crystal  Displays  (LCDs),  and  memory. 
v    Remember,  all  CTO  and  CMV  products  are  loaded  in  PEW  under  the  4-digit  MT 
and  3-digit  model,  where  model  =  “CTO”  (Example:  1829-CTO).  GAVs  are 
loaded  in  PEW  under  the  4-digit  MT  and  3-digit  model,  where  model  =  a  “fixed 
part  number”,  not  “CTO”  (Example:  1829-F1U). 
v    PEW  can  be  accessed  at  the  following  Web  site: 
http://w3-01.ibm.com/pc/entitle/pg2/Service.wss/display/Home 
Customers  can  also  access  PEW  via 
http://www-307.ibm.com/pc/support/site.wss/product.do?template=/warranty/
warranty.vm&sitestyle=lenovo
Select
  Warranty  lookup.  Input  the  MT  and  the  Serial  number  and  the  list  of  key 
commodities  will  be  returned  in  the  PEW  record  under  COMPONENT 
INFORMATION. 
v    Business  Partners  using  Eclaim  will  access  PEW  when  performing  Entitlement 
Lookup.  Business  Partners  will  enter  Loc  ID,  MT  and  Serial,  and  the  key 
commodities  will  be  returned  in  the  Eclaim  record  under  SYSTEM  DETAILS. 
v    Authorized  IBM  Business  Partners  can  access  Eclaim  at  the  following  Web  site: 
https://wca.eclaim.com
Using  eSupport 
For  Key  Commodities  (Examples  -  hard  disk  drive,  system  board, 
microprocessor,  LCD,  and  memory) 
v    eSupport  can  be  used  to  view  the  list  of  key  commodities  built  in  a  particular 
machine  serial  (this  is  the  same  record  found  in  PEW). 
v    eSupport  can  be  accessed  at  the  following  Web  site:  http://www.lenovo.com/
support
 
v    To  view  the  key  commodities,  click  on  PARTS  INFORMATION,  then  PARTS 
LOOKUP.  Type  in  the  model  type  and  serial  number.  The  key  commodities  will 
be  returned  in  the  eSupport  record  under  PARTS  SHIPPED  WITH  YOUR 
SYSTEM.
Important  service  information
 
Introduction  5

--- Page 12 ---
For  the  Remaining  FRUs  (the  complete  list  of  FRUs  at  the  MT  Model  level) 
v    eSupport  can  be  used  to  view  the  complete  list  of  FRUs  for  a  machine  type  and 
model. 
v    To  view  the  complete  list  of  FRUs,  type  in  the  machine  type  and  model 
(Example:  1829-CTO)  under  QUICK  PATH.  Under  “View  by  Document  Type” 
select  PARTS  INFORMATION.  Under  “Filter  by  Category”  select  SERVICE 
PARTS.  Under  “Parts  Information  by  Date”  select  SYSTEM  SERVICE  PARTS.  The 
list  of  service  parts  by  description,  with  applicable  machine  type  model  and  FRU 
will  be  displayed.
Using  the  HMM 
Use  the  HMM  as  a  back-up  to  PEW  and  eSupport  to  view  the  complete  list  of 
FRUs  at  the  MT  Model  level. 
Important  information  about  replacing  RoHS  compliant  FRUs 
RoHS,  The  Restriction  of  Hazardous  Substances  in  Electrical  and  Electronic 
Equipment  Directive  (2002/95/EC)  is  a  European  Union  legal  requirement 
affecting  the  global  electronics  industry.  RoHS  requirements  must  be 
implemented  on  Lenovo  products  placed  on  the  market  and  sold  in  the 
European  Union  after  June  2006.  Products  on  the  market  before  June  2006  are 
not  required  to  have  RoHS  compliant  parts.  If  the  original  FRU  parts  are  non 
compliant,  replacement  parts  can  also  be  non  compliant.  In  all  cases  if  the 
original  FRU  parts  are  RoHS  compliant  the  replacement  part  must  also  be  RoHS 
compliant. 
Note:   RoHS  and  non-RoHS  FRU  part  numbers  with  the  same  fit  and  function  are 
identified  with  unique  FRU  part  numbers. 
Lenovo  plans  to  transition  to  RoHS  compliance  well  before  the  implementation 
date  and  expects  its  suppliers  to  be  ready  to  support  Lenovo's  requirements  and 
schedule  in  the  EU.  Products  sold  in  2005  and  2006,  will  contain  some  RoHS 
compliant  FRUs.  The  following  statement  pertains  to  these  products  and  any 
product  Lenovo  produces  containing  RoHS  compliant  FRUs. 
RoHS  compliant  FRUs  have  unique  FRU  part  numbers.  Before  or  after  the  RoHS 
implementation  date,  failed  RoHS  compliant  parts  must  always  be  replaced  using 
RoHS  compliant  FRUs,  so  only  the  FRUs  identified  as  compliant  in  the  system 
HMM  or  direct  substitutions  for  those  FRUs  may  be  used. 
 
Products  marketed  before  June  2006  Products  marketed  after  June  2006 
Current  or  original 
part 
Replacement  FRU  Current  or  original 
part 
Replacement  FRU 
Non-RoHS  Can  be  Non-RoHS  Must  be  RoHS  Must  be  RoHS 
Non-RoHS  Can  be  RoHS 
Non-RoHS  Can  sub  to  RoHS 
RoHS  Must  be  RoHS
  
Note:   A  direct  substitution  is  a  part  with  a  different  FRU  part  number  that  is 
automatically  shipped  by  the  distribution  center  at  the  time  of  the  order.
Important  service  information
 
6  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 13 ---
Diskette  compatibility  matrix 
The  compatibility  of  each  of  the  drives  with  the  diskettes  for  it  is  as  follows: 
 
Diskette
drive 
Diskette
capacity 
Compatibility 
3.5-inch  1.0  MB  Read  and  write 
2.0  MB  Read  and  write 
4.0  MB  Not  compatible 
Diskette  compatibility  matrix
 
Introduction  7

--- Page 14 ---
Safety  notices:  multilingual  translations 
In  this  manual,  safety  notices  appear  in  English  with  a  page  number  reference  to 
the  appropriate  multilingual,  translated  safety  notice  found  in  this  section. 
The  following  safety  notices  are  provided  in  English,  French,  German,  Hebrew, 
Italian,  Japanese,  and  Spanish. 
Safety  notice  1 
   
Before  the  computer  is  powered  on  after  FRU  replacement,  make  sure  all  screws,  springs, 
and  other  small  parts  are  in  place  and  are  not  left  loose  inside  the  computer.  Verify  this 
by  shaking  the  computer  and  listening  for  rattling  sounds.  Metallic  parts  or  metal  flakes 
can  cause  electrical  shorts. 
Avant  de  remettre  l’ordinateur  sous  tension  après  remplacement  d’une  unité  en  clientèle, 
vérifiez  que  tous  les  ressorts,  vis  et  autres  pièces  sont  bien  en  place  et  bien  fixées.  Pour 
ce  faire,  secouez  l’unité  et  assurez-vous  qu’aucun  bruit  suspect  ne  se  produit.  Des  pièces 
métalliques  ou  des  copeaux  de  métal  pourraient  causer  un  court-circuit. 
Bevor  nach  einem  FRU-Austausch  der  Computer  wieder  angeschlossen  wird,  muß 
sichergestellt  werden,  daß  keine  Schrauben,  Federn  oder  andere  Kleinteile  fehlen  oder  im 
Gehäuse  vergessen  wurden.  Der  Computer  muß  geschüttelt  und  auf  Klappergeräusche 
geprüft  werden.  Metallteile  oder-splitter  können  Kurzschlüsse  erzeugen. 
  
Prima  di  accendere  l’elaboratore  dopo  che  é  stata  effettuata  la  sostituzione  di  una  FRU, 
accertarsi  che  tutte  le  viti,  le  molle  e  tutte  le  altri  parti  di  piccole  dimensioni  siano  nella 
corretta  posizione  e  non  siano  sparse  all’interno  dell’elaboratore.  Verificare  ciò  scuotendo 
l’elaboratore  e  prestando  attenzione  ad  eventuali  rumori;  eventuali  parti  o  pezzetti 
metallici  possono  provocare  cortocircuiti  pericolosi. 
  
Antes  de  encender  el  sistema  despues  de  sustituir  una  FRU,  compruebe  que  todos  los 
tornillos,  muelles  y  demás  piezas  pequeñas  se  encuentran  en  su  sitio  y  no  se  encuentran 
sueltas  dentro  del  sistema.  Compruébelo  agitando  el  sistema  y  escuchando  los  posibles 
ruidos  que  provocarían.  Las  piezas  metálicas  pueden  causar  cortocircuitos  eléctricos. 
Safety  notices
 
8  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 15 ---
Safety  notice  2 
DANGER
  
 
   
Some  standby  batteries  contain  a  small  amount  of  nickel  and  cadmium.  Do  not 
disassemble  a  standby  battery,  recharge  it,  throw  it  into  fire  or  water,  or  short-circuit  it. 
Dispose  of  the  battery  as  required  by  local  ordinances  or  regulations.  Use  only  the 
battery  in  the  appropriate  parts  listing.  Use  of  an  incorrect  battery  can  result  in 
ignition  or  explosion  of  the  battery. 
Certaines  batteries  de  secours  contiennent  du  nickel  et  du  cadmium.  Ne  les  démontez 
pas,  ne  les  rechargez  pas,  ne  les  exposez  ni  au  feu  ni  à  l’eau.  Ne  les  mettez  pas  en 
court-circuit.  Pour  les  mettre  au  rebut,  conformez-vous  à  la  réglementation  en  vigueur. 
Lorsque  vous  remplacez  la  pile  de  sauvegarde  ou  celle  de  l’horloge  temps  réel,  veillez 
à  n’utiliser  que  les  modèles  cités  dans  la  liste  de  pièces  détachées  adéquate.  Une 
batterie  ou  une  pile  inappropriée  risque  de  prendre  feu  ou  d’exploser. 
Die  Bereitschaftsbatterie,  die  sich  unter  dem  Diskettenlaufwerk  befindet,  kann 
geringe  Mengen  Nickel  und  Cadmium  enthalten.  Sie  darf  nur  durch  die  Verkaufsstelle 
oder  den  IBM  Kundendienst  ausgetauscht  werden.  Sie  darf  nicht  zerlegt, 
wiederaufgeladen,  kurzgeschlossen,  oder  Feuer  oder  Wasser  ausgesetzt  werden.  Die 
Batterie  kann  schwere  Verbrennungen  oder  Verätzungen  verursachen.  Bei  der 
Entsorgung  die  örtlichen  Bestimmungen  für  Sondermüll  beachten.  Beim  Ersetzen  der 
Bereitschafts-oder  Systembatterie  nur  Batterien  des  Typs  verwenden,  der  in  der 
Ersatzteilliste  aufgeführt  ist.  Der  Einsatz  falscher  Batterien  kann  zu  Entzündung  oder 
Explosion  führen. 
  
Alcune  batterie  di  riserva  contengono  una  piccola  quantità  di  nichel  e  cadmio.  Non 
smontarle,  ricaricarle,  gettarle  nel  fuoco  o  nell’acqua  né  cortocircuitarle.  Smaltirle 
secondo  la  normativa  in  vigore  (DPR  915/82,  successive  disposizioni  e  disposizioni 
locali).  Quando  si  sostituisce  la  batteria  dell’RTC  (real  time  clock)  o  la  batteria  di 
supporto,  utilizzare  soltanto  i  tipi  inseriti  nell’appropriato  Catalogo  parti.  L’impiego  di 
una  batteria  non  adatta  potrebbe  determinare  l’incendio  o  l’esplosione  della  batteria 
stessa. 
  
Algunas  baterías  de  reserva  contienen  una  pequeña  cantidad  de  níquel  y  cadmio.  No 
las  desmonte,  ni  recargue,  ni  las  eche  al  fuego  o  al  agua  ni  las  cortocircuite. 
Deséchelas  tal  como  dispone  la  normativa  local.  Utilice  sólo  baterías  que  se 
encuentren  en  la  lista  de  piezas.  La  utilización  de  una  batería  no  apropiada  puede 
provocar  la  ignición  o  explosión  de  la  misma. 
Safety  notices
 
Introduction  9

--- Page 16 ---
Safety  notice  3 
DANGER
  
 
   
The  battery  pack  contains  small  amounts  of  nickel.  Do  not  disassemble  it,  throw  it 
into  fire  or  water,  or  short-circuit  it.  Dispose  of  the  battery  pack  as  required  by  local 
ordinances  or  regulations.  Use  only  the  battery  in  the  appropriate  parts  listing  when 
replacing  the  battery  pack.  Use  of  an  incorrect  battery  can  result  in  ignition  or 
explosion  of  the  battery. 
La  batterie  contient  du  nickel.  Ne  la  démontez  pas,  ne  l’exposez  ni  au  feu  ni  à  l’eau. 
Ne  la  mettez  pas  en  court-circuit.  Pour  la  mettre  au  rebut,  conformez-vous  à  la 
réglementation  en  vigueur.  Lorsque  vous  remplacez  la  batterie,  veillez  à  n’utiliser  que 
les  modèles  cités  dans  la  liste  de  pièces  détachées  adéquate.  En  effet,  une  batterie 
inappropriée  risque  de  prendre  feu  ou  d’exploser. 
Akkus  enthalten  geringe  Mengen  von  Nickel.  Sie  dürfen  nicht  zerlegt, 
wiederaufgeladen,  kurzgeschlossen,  oder  Feuer  oder  Wasser  ausgesetzt  werden.  Bei 
der  Entsorgung  die  örtlichen  Bestimmungen  für  Sondermüll  beachten.  Beim  Ersetzen 
der  Batterie  nur  Batterien  des  Typs  verwenden,  der  in  der  Ersatzteilliste  aufgeführt  ist. 
Der  Einsatz  falscher  Batterien  kann  zu  Entzündung  oder  Explosion  führen. 
  
La  batteria  contiene  piccole  quantità  di  nichel.  Non  smontarla,  gettarla  nel  fuoco  o 
nell’acqua  né  cortocircuitarla.  Smaltirla  secondo  la  normativa  in  vigore  (DPR  915/82, 
successive  disposizioni  e  disposizioni  locali).  Quando  si  sostituisce  la  batteria, 
utilizzare  soltanto  i  tipi  inseriti  nell’appropriato  Catalogo  parti.  L’impiego  di  una 
batteria  non  adatta  potrebbe  determinare  l’incendio  o  l’esplosione  della  batteria  stessa. 
  
Las  baterías  contienen  pequeñas  cantidades  de  níquel.  No  las  desmonte,  ni  recargue, 
ni  las  eche  al  fuego  o  al  agua  ni  las  cortocircuite.  Deséchelas  tal  como  dispone  la 
normativa  local.  Utilice  sólo  baterías  que  se  encuentren  en  la  lista  de  piezas  al 
sustituir  la  batería.  La  utilización  de  una  batería  no  apropiada  puede  provocar  la 
ignición  o  explosión  de  la  misma. 
Safety  notices
 
10  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 17 ---
Safety  notice  4 
DANGER
  
 
   
The  lithium  battery  can  cause  a  fire,  an  explosion,  or  a  severe  burn.  Do  not  recharge  it, 
remove  its  polarized  connector,  disassemble  it,  heat  it  above  100°C  (212°F),  incinerate 
it,  or  expose  its  cell  contents  to  water.  Dispose  of  the  battery  as  required  by  local 
ordinances  or  regulations.  Use  only  the  battery  in  the  appropriate  parts  listing.  Use  of 
an  incorrect  battery  can  result  in  ignition  or  explosion  of  the  battery. 
La  pile  de  sauvegarde  contient  du  lithium.  Elle  présente  des  risques  d’incendie, 
d’explosion  ou  de  brûlures  graves.  Ne  la  rechargez  pas,  ne  retirez  pas  son  connecteur 
polarisé  et  ne  la  démontez  pas.  Ne  l’exposez  pas  à  une  temperature  supérieure  à  100°C, 
ne  la  faites  pas  brûler  et  n’en  exposez  pas  le  contenu  à  l’eau.  Mettez  la  pile  au  rebut 
conformément  à  la  réglementation  en  vigueur.  Une  pile  inappropriée  risque  de 
prendre  feu  ou  d’exploser. 
Die  Systembatterie  ist  eine  Lithiumbatterie.  Sie  kann  sich  entzünden,  explodieren 
oder  schwere  Verbrennungen  hervorrufen.  Batterien  dieses  Typs  dürfen  nicht 
aufgeladen,  zerlegt,  über  100  C  erhitzt  oder  verbrannt  werden.  Auch  darf  ihr  Inhalt 
nicht  mit  Wasser  in  Verbindung  gebracht  oder  der  zur  richtigen  Polung  angebrachte 
Verbindungsstecker  entfernt  werden.  Bei  der  Entsorgung  die  örtlichen  Bestimmungen 
für  Sondermüll  beachten.  Beim  Ersetzen  der  Batterie  nur  Batterien  des  Typs 
verwenden,  der  in  der  Ersatzteilliste  aufgeführt  ist.  Der  Einsatz  falscher  Batterien 
kann  zu  Entzündung  oder  Explosion  führen. 
  
La  batteria  di  supporto  e  una  batteria  al  litio  e  puo  incendiarsi,  esplodere  o  procurare 
gravi  ustioni.  Evitare  di  ricaricarla,  smontarne  il  connettore  polarizzato,  smontarla, 
riscaldarla  ad  una  temperatura  superiore  ai  100  gradi  centigradi,  incendiarla  o  gettarla 
in  acqua.  Smaltirla  secondo  la  normativa  in  vigore  (DPR  915/82,  successive 
disposizioni  e  disposizioni  locali).  L’impiego  di  una  batteria  non  adatta  potrebbe 
determinare  l’incendio  o  l’esplosione  della  batteria  stessa. 
  
La  batería  de  repuesto  es  una  batería  de  litio  y  puede  provocar  incendios,  explosiones 
o  quemaduras  graves.  No  la  recargue,  ni  quite  el  conector  polarizado,  ni  la  desmonte, 
ni  caliente  por  encima  de  los  100°C  (212°F),  ni  la  incinere  ni  exponga  el  contenido  de 
sus  celdas  al  agua.  Deséchela  tal  como  dispone  la  normativa  local. 
Safety  notices
 
Introduction  11

--- Page 18 ---
Safety  notice  5 
   
If  the  LCD  breaks  and  the  fluid  from  inside  the  LCD  gets  into  your  eyes  or  on  your 
hands,  immediately  wash  the  affected  areas  with  water  for  at  least  15  minutes.  Seek 
medical  care  if  any  symptoms  from  the  fluid  are  present  after  washing. 
Si  le  panneau  d’affichage  à  cristaux  liquides  se  brise  et  que  vous  recevez  dans  les  yeux 
ou  sur  les  mains  une  partie  du  fluide,  rincez-les  abondamment  pendant  au  moins  quinze 
minutes.  Consultez  un  médecin  si  des  symptômes  persistent  après  le  lavage. 
Die  Leuchtstoffröhre  im  LCD-Bildschirm  enthält  Quecksilber.  Bei  der  Entsorgung  die 
örtlichen  Bestimmungen  für  Sondermüll  beachten.  Der  LCD-Bildschirm  besteht  aus  Glas 
und  kann  zerbrechen,  wenn  er  unsachgemäß  behandelt  wird  oder  der  Computer  auf  den 
Boden  fällt.  Wenn  der  Bildschirm  beschädigt  ist  und  die  darin  befindliche  Flüssigkeit  in 
Kontakt  mit  Haut  und  Augen  gerät,  sollten  die  betroffenen  Stellen  mindestens  15 
Minuten  mit  Wasser  abgespült  und  bei  Beschwerden  anschließend  ein  Arzt  aufgesucht 
werden. 
  
Nel  caso  che  caso  l’LCD  si  dovesse  rompere  ed  il  liquido  in  esso  contenuto  entrasse  in 
contatto  con  gli  occhi  o  le  mani,  lavare  immediatamente  le  parti  interessate  con  acqua 
corrente  per  almeno  15  minuti;  poi  consultare  un  medico  se  i  sintomi  dovessero 
permanere. 
  
Si  la  LCD  se  rompe  y  el  fluido  de  su  interior  entra  en  contacto  con  sus  ojos  o  sus  manos, 
lave  inmediatamente  las  áreas  afectadas  con  agua  durante  15  minutos  como  mínimo. 
Obtenga  atención  medica  si  se  presenta  algún  síntoma  del  fluido  despues  de  lavarse. 
Safety  notices
 
12  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 19 ---
Safety  notice  6 
DANGER
  
 
   
To  avoid  shock,  do  not  remove  the  plastic  cover  that  protects  the  lower  part  of  the 
inverter  card. 
Afin  d’éviter  tout  risque  de  choc  électrique,  ne  retirez  pas  le  cache  en  plastique 
protégeant  la  partie  inférieure  de  la  carte  d’alimentation. 
Aus  Sicherheitsgründen  die  Kunststoffabdeckung,  die  den  unteren  Teil  der 
Spannungswandlerplatine  umgibt,  nicht  entfernen. 
  
Per  evitare  scosse  elettriche,  non  rimuovere  la  copertura  in  plastica  che  avvolge  la 
parte  inferiore  della  scheda  invertitore. 
  
Para  evitar  descargas,  no  quite  la  cubierta  de  plástico  que  rodea  la  parte  baja  de  la 
tarjeta  invertida. 
Safety  notices
 
Introduction  13

--- Page 20 ---
Safety  notice  7 
DANGER
  
 
   
Though  the  main  batteries  have  low  voltage,  a  shorted  or  grounded  battery  can 
produce  enough  current  to  burn  personnel  or  combustible  materials. 
Bien  que  le  voltage  des  batteries  principales  soit  peu  élevé,  le  court-circuit  ou  la  mise 
à  la  masse  d’une  batterie  peut  produire  suffisamment  de  courant  pour  brûler  des 
matériaux  combustibles  ou  causer  des  brûlures  corporelles  graves. 
Obwohl  Hauptbatterien  eine  niedrige  Spannung  haben,  können  sie  doch  bei 
Kurzschluß  oder  Erdung  genug  Strom  abgeben,  um  brennbare  Materialien  zu 
entzünden  oder  Verletzungen  bei  Personen  hervorzurufen. 
  
Sebbene  le  batterie  di  alimentazione  siano  a  basso  voltaggio,  una  batteria  in  corto 
circuito  o  a  massa  può  fornire  corrente  sufficiente  da  bruciare  materiali  combustibili  o 
provocare  ustioni  ai  tecnici  di  manutenzione. 
  
Aunque  las  baterías  principales  tienen  un  voltaje  bajo,  una  batería  cortocircuitada  o 
con  contacto  a  tierra  puede  producir  la  corriente  suficiente  como  para  quemar  material 
combustible  o  provocar  quemaduras  en  el  personal. 
Safety  notices
 
14  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 21 ---
Safety  notice  8 
DANGER
  
 
  
Before  removing  any  FRU,  power  off  the  computer,  unplug  all  power  cords  from 
electrical  outlets,  remove  the  battery  pack,  and  then  disconnect  any  interconnecting 
cables. 
Avant  de  retirer  une  unité  remplaçable  en  clientèle,  mettez  le  système  hors  tension, 
débranchez  tous  les  cordons  d’alimentation  des  socles  de  prise  de  courant,  retirez  la 
batterie  et  déconnectez  tous  les  cordons  d’interface. 
Die  Stromzufuhr  muß  abgeschaltet,  alle  Stromkabel  aus  der  Steckdose  gezogen,  der 
Akku  entfernt  und  alle  Verbindungskabel  abgenommen  sein,  bevor  eine  FRU  entfernt 
wird. 
  
Prima  di  rimuovere  qualsiasi  FRU,  spegnere  il  sistema,  scollegare  dalle  prese  elettriche 
tutti  i  cavi  di  alimentazione,  rimuovere  la  batteria  e  poi  scollegare  i  cavi  di 
interconnessione. 
  
Antes  de  quitar  una  FRU,  apague  el  sistema,  desenchufe  todos  los  cables  de  las  tomas 
de  corriente  eléctrica,  quite  la  batería  y,  a  continuación,  desconecte  cualquier  cable  de 
conexión  entre  dispositivos. 
Safety  notices
 
Introduction  15

--- Page 22 ---
Safety  information 
The  following  section  presents  safety  information  with  which  you  need  to  be 
familiar  before  you  service  a  ThinkPad  computer. 
General  safety 
Follow  these  rules  to  ensure  general  safety: 
v    Observe  good  housekeeping  in  the  area  of  the  machines  during  and  after 
maintenance. 
v    When  lifting  any  heavy  object: 
1.    Make  sure  that  you  can  stand  safely  without  slipping. 
2.    Distribute  the  weight  of  the  object  equally  between  your  feet. 
3.    Use  a  slow  lifting  force.  Never  move  suddenly  or  twist  when  you  attempt  to 
lift. 
4.    Lift  by  standing  or  by  pushing  up  with  your  leg  muscles;  this  action  removes 
the  strain  from  the  muscles  in  your  back.  Do  not  attempt  to  lift  any  object  that 
weighs  more  than  16  kg  (35  lb)  or  that  you  think  is  too  heavy  for  you.
v
    Do  not  perform  any  action  that  causes  hazards  to  the  customer,  or  that  makes 
the  equipment  unsafe. 
v    Before  you  start  the  machine,  make  sure  that  other  service  representatives  and 
the  customer’s  personnel  are  not  in  a  hazardous  position. 
v    Place  removed  covers  and  other  parts  in  a  safe  place,  away  from  all  personnel, 
while  you  are  servicing  the  machine. 
v    Keep  your  toolcase  away  from  walk  areas  so  that  other  people  will  not  trip  over 
it. 
v    Do  not  wear  loose  clothing  that  can  be  trapped  in  the  moving  parts  of  a 
machine.  Make  sure  that  your  sleeves  are  fastened  or  rolled  up  above  your 
elbows.  If  your  hair  is  long,  fasten  it. 
v    Insert  the  ends  of  your  necktie  or  scarf  inside  clothing  or  fasten  it  with  a 
nonconductive  clip,  about  8  centimeters  (3  inches)  from  the  end. 
v    Do  not  wear  jewelry,  chains,  metal-frame  eyeglasses,  or  metal  fasteners  for  your 
clothing. 
 
Attention:   Metal  objects  are  good  electrical  conductors. 
v    Wear  safety  glasses  when  you  are  hammering,  drilling,  soldering,  cutting  wire, 
attaching  springs,  using  solvents,  or  working  in  any  other  conditions  that  might 
be  hazardous  to  your  eyes. 
v    After  service,  reinstall  all  safety  shields,  guards,  labels,  and  ground  wires. 
Replace  any  safety  device  that  is  worn  or  defective. 
v    Reinstall  all  covers  correctly  before  returning  the  machine  to  the  customer. 
v    Fan  louvers  on  the  machine  help  to  prevent  overheating  of  internal  components. 
Do  not  obstruct  fan  louvers  or  cover  them  with  labels  or  stickers.
Electrical  safety 
Observe  the  following  rules  when  working  on  electrical  equipment. 
Safety  information
 
16  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 23 ---
Important 
Use  only  approved  tools  and  test  equipment.  Some  hand  tools  have  handles 
covered  with  a  soft  material  that  does  not  insulate  you  when  working  with 
live  electrical  currents. 
Many  customers  have,  near  their  equipment,  rubber  floor  mats  that  contain 
small  conductive  fibers  to  decrease  electrostatic  discharges.  Do  not  use  this 
type  of  mat  to  protect  yourself  from  electrical  shock. 
v    Find  the  room  emergency  power-off  (EPO)  switch,  disconnecting  switch,  or 
electrical  outlet.  If  an  electrical  accident  occurs,  you  can  then  operate  the  switch 
or  unplug  the  power  cord  quickly. 
v    Do  not  work  alone  under  hazardous  conditions  or  near  equipment  that  has 
hazardous  voltages. 
v    Disconnect  all  power  before: 
–    Performing  a  mechanical  inspection 
–    Working  near  power  supplies 
–    Removing  or  installing  Field  Replaceable  Units  (FRUs)
v
    Before  you  start  to  work  on  the  machine,  unplug  the  power  cord.  If  you  cannot 
unplug  it,  ask  the  customer  to  power-off  the  wall  box  that  supplies  power  to  the 
machine,  and  to  lock  the  wall  box  in  the  off  position. 
v    If  you  need  to  work  on  a  machine  that  has  exposed  electrical  circuits,  observe  the 
following  precautions: 
–    Ensure  that  another  person,  familiar  with  the  power-off  controls,  is  near  you. 
 
Attention:   Another  person  must  be  there  to  switch  off  the  power,  if 
necessary. 
–    Use  only  one  hand  when  working  with  powered-on  electrical  equipment; 
keep  the  other  hand  in  your  pocket  or  behind  your  back. 
 
Attention:   An  electrical  shock  can  occur  only  when  there  is  a  complete 
circuit.  By  observing  the  above  rule,  you  may  prevent  a  current  from  passing 
through  your  body. 
–    When  using  testers,  set  the  controls  correctly  and  use  the  approved  probe 
leads  and  accessories  for  that  tester. 
–    Stand  on  suitable  rubber  mats  (obtained  locally,  if  necessary)  to  insulate  you 
from  grounds  such  as  metal  floor  strips  and  machine  frames.
Observe  the  special  safety  precautions  when  you  work  with  very  high  voltages; 
Instructions  for  these  precautions  are  in  the  safety  sections  of  maintenance 
information.  Use  extreme  care  when  measuring  high  voltages. 
v    Regularly  inspect  and  maintain  your  electrical  hand  tools  for  safe  operational 
condition. 
v    Do  not  use  worn  or  broken  tools  and  testers. 
v    Never  assume  that  power  has  been  disconnected  from  a  circuit.  First,  check  that  it 
has  been  powered  off. 
v    Always  look  carefully  for  possible  hazards  in  your  work  area.  Examples  of  these 
hazards  are  moist  floors,  nongrounded  power  extension  cables,  power  surges, 
and  missing  safety  grounds. 
v    Do  not  touch  live  electrical  circuits  with  the  reflective  surface  of  a  plastic  dental 
mirror.  The  surface  is  conductive;  such  touching  can  cause  personal  injury  and 
machine  damage. 
Safety  information
 
Introduction  17

--- Page 24 ---
v    Do  not  service  the  following  parts  with  the  power  on  when  they  are  removed 
from  their  normal  operating  places  in  a  machine: 
–    Power  supply  units 
–    Pumps 
–    Blowers  and  fans 
–    Motor  generators
and  similar  units.  (This  practice  ensures  correct  grounding  of  the  units.) 
v    If  an  electrical  accident  occurs: 
–    Use  caution;  do  not  become  a  victim  yourself. 
–    Switch  off  power. 
–    Send  another  person  to  get  medical  aid.
Safety  inspection  guide 
The  purpose  of  this  inspection  guide  is  to  assist  you  in  identifying  potentially 
unsafe  conditions.  As  each  machine  was  designed  and  built,  required  safety  items 
were  installed  to  protect  users  and  service  personnel  from  injury.  This  guide 
addresses  only  those  items.  You  should  use  good  judgment  to  identify  potential 
safety  hazards  due  to  attachment  of  non-ThinkPad  features  or  options  not  covered 
by  this  inspection  guide. 
If  any  unsafe  conditions  are  present,  you  must  determine  how  serious  the  apparent 
hazard  could  be  and  whether  you  can  continue  without  first  correcting  the 
problem. 
Consider  these  conditions  and  the  safety  hazards  they  present: 
v    Electrical  hazards,  especially  primary  power  (primary  voltage  on  the  frame  can 
cause  serious  or  fatal  electrical  shock) 
v    Explosive  hazards,  such  as  a  damaged  CRT  face  or  a  bulging  capacitor 
v    Mechanical  hazards,  such  as  loose  or  missing  hardware
To
  determine  whether  there  are  any  potentially  unsafe  conditions,  use  the 
following  checklist  at  the  beginning  of  every  service  task.  Begin  the  checks  with 
the  power  off,  and  the  power  cord  disconnected. 
Checklist: 
1.    Check  exterior  covers  for  damage  (loose,  broken,  or  sharp  edges). 
2.    Power  off  the  computer.  Disconnect  the  power  cord. 
3.    Check  the  power  cord  for: 
a.    A  third-wire  ground  connector  in  good  condition.  Use  a  meter  to  measure 
third-wire  ground  continuity  for  0.1  ohm  or  less  between  the  external 
ground  pin  and  the  frame  ground. 
b.    The  power  cord  should  be  the  type  specified  in  the  parts  list. 
c.    Insulation  must  not  be  frayed  or  worn.
4.    Check  for  cracked  or  bulging  batteries. 
5.    Remove  the  cover. 
6.    Check  for  any  obvious  non-ThinkPad  alterations.  Use  good  judgment  as  to  the 
safety  of  any  non-ThinkPad  alterations. 
7.    Check  inside  the  unit  for  any  obvious  unsafe  conditions,  such  as  metal  filings, 
contamination,  water  or  other  liquids,  or  signs  of  fire  or  smoke  damage. 
8.    Check  for  worn,  frayed,  or  pinched  cables. 
Safety  information
 
18  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 25 ---
9.    Check  that  the  power-supply  cover  fasteners  (screws  or  rivets)  have  not  been 
removed  or  tampered  with.
Handling  devices  that  are  sensitive  to  electrostatic  discharge 
Any  computer  part  containing  transistors  or  integrated  circuits  (ICs)  should  be 
considered  sensitive  to  electrostatic  discharge  (ESD.)  ESD  damage  can  occur  when 
there  is  a  difference  in  charge  between  objects.  Protect  against  ESD  damage  by 
equalizing  the  charge  so  that  the  machine,  the  part,  the  work  mat,  and  the  person 
handling  the  part  are  all  at  the  same  charge. 
 
 
Notes 
1.    Use  product-specific  ESD  procedures  when  they  exceed  the  requirements 
noted  here. 
2.    Make  sure  that  the  ESD  protective  devices  you  use  have  been  certified 
(ISO  9000)  as  fully  effective.
 When  handling  ESD-sensitive  parts: 
v    Keep  the  parts  in  protective  packages  until  they  are  inserted  into  the  product. 
v    Avoid  contact  with  other  people  while  handling  the  part. 
v    Wear  a  grounded  wrist  strap  against  your  skin  to  eliminate  static  on  your  body. 
v    Prevent  the  part  from  touching  your  clothing.  Most  clothing  is  insulative  and 
retains  a  charge  even  when  you  are  wearing  a  wrist  strap. 
v    Use  the  black  side  of  a  grounded  work  mat  to  provide  a  static-free  work  surface. 
The  mat  is  especially  useful  when  handling  ESD-sensitive  devices. 
v    Select  a  grounding  system,  such  as  those  listed  below,  to  provide  protection  that 
meets  the  specific  service  requirement. 
 
 
Note 
The  use  of  a  grounding  system  to  guard  against  ESD  damage  is  desirable 
but  not  necessary.
–    Attach  the  ESD  ground  clip  to  any  frame  ground,  ground  braid,  or  green-wire 
ground. 
–    When  working  on  a  double-insulated  or  battery-operated  system,  use  an  ESD 
common  ground  or  reference  point.  You  can  use  coax  or  connector-outside 
shells  on  these  systems. 
–    Use  the  round  ground  prong  of  the  ac  plug  on  ac-operated  computers.
Grounding  requirements 
Electrical  grounding  of  the  computer  is  required  for  operator  safety  and  correct 
system  function.  Proper  grounding  of  the  electrical  outlet  can  be  verified  by  a 
certified  electrician. 
Safety  information
 
Introduction  19

--- Page 26 ---
Laser  compliance  statement 
Some  models  of  ThinkPad  computer  are  equipped  from  the  factory  with  an  optical 
storage  device  such  as  a  CD-ROM  drive  or  a  DVD-ROM  drive.  Such  devices  are 
also  sold  separately  as  options.  If  one  of  these  drives  is  installed,  it  is  certified  in 
the  U.S.  to  conform  to  the  requirements  of  the  Department  of  Health  and  Human 
Services  21  Code  of  Federal  Regulations  (DHHS  21  CFR)  Subchapter  J  for  Class  1 
laser  products.  Elsewhere,  the  drive  is  certified  to  conform  to  the  requirements  of 
the  International  Electrotechnical  Commission  (IEC)  825  and  CENELEC  EN  60  825 
for  Class  1  laser  products. 
If  a  CD-ROM  drive,  a  DVD-ROM  drive,  or  another  laser  device  is  installed,  note 
the  following: 
CAUTION:
  
 
 
 
Opening  the  CD-ROM  drive,  the  DVD-ROM  drive,  or  any  other  optical  storage 
device  could  result  in  exposure  to  hazardous  laser  radiation.  There  are  no 
serviceable  parts  inside  those  drives.  Do  not  open. 
Use  of  controls  or  adjustments  or  performance  of  procedures  other  than  those 
specified  herein  might  result  in  hazardous  radiation  exposure. 
O  uso  de  controles,  ajustes  ou  desempenho  de  procedimentos  diferentes  daqueles  aqui 
especificados  pode  resultar  em  perigosa  exposição  à  radiação. 
  
Pour  éviter  tout  risque  d’exposition  au  rayon  laser,  respectez  les  consignes  de  réglage 
et  d’utilisation  des  commandes,  ainsi  que  les  procédures  décrites. 
Werden  Steuer-  und  Einstellelemente  anders  als  hier  festgesetzt  verwendet,  kann 
gefährliche  Laserstrahlung  auftreten. 
  
L’utilizzo  di  controlli,  regolazioni  o  l’esecuzione  di  procedure  diverse  da  quelle 
specificate  possono  provocare  l’esposizione  a. 
  
  
  
El  uso  de  controles  o  ajustes  o  la  ejecución  de  procedimientos  distintos  de  los  aquí 
especificados  puede  provocar  la  exposición  a  radiaciones  peligrosas. 
Laser  compliance  statement
 
20  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 27 ---
A  CD-ROM  drive,  a  DVD-ROM  drive,  or  any  other  storage  device  installed  may 
contain  an  embedded  Class  3A  or  Class  3B  laser  diode.  Note  the  following: 
DANGER
  
 
   
Emits  visible  and  invisible  laser  radiation  when  open.  Do  not  stare  into  the  beam,  do 
not  view  directly  with  optical  instruments,  and  avoid  direct  exposure  to  the  beam. 
Radiação  por  raio  laser  ao  abrir.  Não  olhe  fixo  no  feixe  de  luz,  não  olhe  diretamente 
por  meio  de  instrumentos  óticos  e  evite  exposição  direta  com  o  feixe  de  luz. 
  
Rayonnement  laser  si  carter  ouvert.  Évitez  de  fixer  le  faisceau,  de  le  regarder 
directement  avec  des  instruments  optiques,  ou  de  vous  exposer  au  rayon. 
Laserstrahlung  bei  geöffnetem  Gerät.  Nicht  direkt  oder  über  optische  Instrumente  in 
den  Laserstrahl  sehen  und  den  Strahlungsbereich  meiden. 
Kinyitáskor  lézersugár  !  Ne  nézzen  bele  se  szabad  szemmel,  se  optikai  eszközökkel. 
Kerülje  a  sugárnyalábbal  való  érintkezést  ! 
Aprendo  l’unità  vengono  emesse  radiazioni  laser.  Non  fissare  il  fascio,  non  guardarlo 
direttamente  con  strumenti  ottici  e  evitare  l’esposizione  diretta  al  fascio. 
  
  
  
Radiación  láser  al  abrir.  No  mire  fijamente  ni  examine  con  instrumental  óptico  el  haz 
de  luz.  Evite  la  exposición  directa  al  haz. 
Laser  compliance  statement
 
Introduction  21

--- Page 28 ---
Laser  compliance  statement
 
22  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 29 ---
General  descriptions 
The  descriptions  in  this  chapter  apply  to  any  ThinkPad  model  that  has  the 
PC-Doctor
® 
for  DOS  diagnostics  program.  Some  descriptions  might  not  apply  to 
your  particular  computer. 
Read  this  first 
Before  you  go  to  the  checkout  guide,  be  sure  to  read  this  section. 
 
 
Important  notes 
v    Only  certified  trained  personnel  should  service  the  computer. 
v    Before  replacing  any  FRU,  read  the  entire  page  on  removing  and 
replacing  FRUs. 
v    When  you  replace  FRUs,  use  new  nylon-coated  screws. 
v    Be  extremely  careful  during  such  write  operations  as  copying,  saving,  or 
formatting.  Drives  in  the  computer  that  you  are  servicing  sequence  might 
have  been  altered.  If  you  select  an  incorrect  drive,  data  or  programs  might 
be  overwritten. 
v    Replace  a  FRU  only  with  another  FRU  of  the  correct  model.  When  you 
replace  a  FRU,  make  sure  that  the  model  of  the  machine  and  the  FRU  part 
number  are  correct  by  referring  to  the  FRU  parts  list. 
v    A  FRU  should  not  be  replaced  because  of  a  single,  unreproducible 
failure.  Single  failures  can  occur  for  a  variety  of  reasons  that  have  nothing 
to  do  with  a  hardware  defect,  such  as  cosmic  radiation,  electrostatic 
discharge,  or  software  errors.  Consider  replacing  a  FRU  only  when  a 
problem  recurs.  If  you  suspect  that  a  FRU  is  defective,  clear  the  error  log 
and  run  the  test  again.  If  the  error  does  not  recur,  do  not  replace  the  FRU. 
v    Be  careful  not  to  replace  a  nondefective  FRU.
What  to  do  first 
When  you  do  return  a  FRU,  you  must  include  the  following  information  in  the 
parts  exchange  form  or  parts  return  form  that  you  attach  to  it: 
__  1.    Name  and  phone  number  of  servicer 
__  2.    Date  of  service 
__  3.    Date  on  which  the  machine  failed 
__  4.    Date  of  purchase 
__  5.    Failure  symptoms,  error  codes  appearing  on  the  display,  and  beep 
symptoms 
__  6.    Procedure  index  and  page  number  in  which  the  failing  FRU  was  detected 
__  7.    Failing  FRU  name  and  part  number 
__  8.    Machine  type,  model  number,  and  serial  number 
__  9.    Customer’s  name  and  address 
Note  for  warranty:
During  the  warranty  period,  the  customer  may  be  responsible  for  repair  costs  if  the 
computer  damage  was  caused  by  misuse,  accident,  modification,  unsuitable 
physical  or  operating  environment,  or  improper  maintenance  by  the  customer. 
 
©  Copyright  Lenovo  2006,  2008  23

--- Page 30 ---
Following  is  a  list  of  some  common  items  that  are  not  covered  under  warranty  and 
some  symptoms  that  might  indicate  that  the  system  was  subjected  to  stress  beyond 
normal  use. 
Before  checking  problems  with  the  computer,  determine  whether  the  damage  is 
covered  under  the  warranty  by  referring  to  the  following  list: 
The  following  are  not  covered  under  warranty: 
v    LCD  panel  cracked  from  the  application  of  excessive  force  or  from  being 
dropped 
v    Scratched  (cosmetic)  parts 
v    Distortion,  deformation,  or  discoloration  of  the  cosmetic  parts 
v    Plastic  parts,  latches,  pins,  or  connectors  that  have  been  cracked  or  broken  by 
excessive  force 
v    Damage  caused  by  liquid  spilled  into  the  system 
v    Damage  caused  by  the  improper  insertion  of  a  PC  Card  or  the  installation  of  an 
incompatible  card 
v    Improper  disc  insertion  or  use  of  an  optical  drive 
v    Diskette  drive  damage  caused  by  pressure  on  the  diskette  drive  cover,  foreign 
material  in  the  drive,  or  the  insertion  of  a  diskette  with  multiple  labels 
v    Damaged  or  bent  diskette  eject  button 
v    Fuses  blown  by  attachment  of  a  nonsupported  device 
v    Forgotten  computer  password  (making  the  computer  unusable) 
v    Sticky  keys  caused  by  spilling  a  liquid  onto  the  keyboard 
v    Use  of  an  incorrect  ac  adapter  on  laptop  products 
The  following  symptoms  might  indicate  damage  caused  by  nonwarranted 
activities: 
v    Missing  parts  might  be  a  symptom  of  unauthorized  service  or  modification. 
v    If  the  spindle  of  a  hard  disk  drive  becomes  noisy,  it  may  have  been  subjected  to 
excessive  force,  or  dropped.
Read  this  first
 
24  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 31 ---
Related  service  information 
This  section  provides  information  about  the  following: 
v    “Service  Web  site” 
v    “Restoring  the  factory  contents  by  using  Product  Recovery  discs” 
v    “Passwords”  on  page  26 
v    “Power  management”  on  page  28
Service  Web  site 
When  the  latest  maintenance  diskette  and  the  system  program  service  diskette 
become  available,  they  will  be  posted  on  http://www.lenovo.com/spm 
Restoring  the  factory  contents  by  using  Product  Recovery 
discs 
When  the  hard  disk  drive  is  replaced  because  of  a  failure,  no  Product  Recovery 
program  is  on  the  new  hard  disk.  In  this  case,  you  must  use  the  recovery  discs  for 
the  computer.  Order  the  recovery  discs  and  the  hard  disk  drive  at  the  same  time  so 
that  you  can  recover  the  new  hard  disk  drive  with  the  pre-installed  software  when 
they  arrive.  For  information  on  which  discs  to  order,  see  “Recovery  discs”  on  page 
205. 
To  install  the  factory  contents  by  using  Product  Recovery  discs,  do  the  following: 
 
 
Note 
Recovery  takes  several  hours.  The  length  of  time  depends  on  the  method  you 
use.  If  you  use  recovery  discs,  recovery  takes  at  least  five  hours.
1.    Insert  the  Rescue  and  Recovery
® 
Disk1  of  1  into  the  optical  drive,  then  restart 
the  computer.  This  will  take  several  minutes. 
2.    When  the  “Welcome  to  Rescue  and  Recovery”  screen  is  displayed,  press 
Continue.  In  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  menu,  select  Restore  Your  System.  A 
message  giving  a  warning  that  USB  devices  used  in  recovery  must  be 
connected  when  the  computer  is  turned  on  appears.  Click  OK. 
3.    “Restore  Your  System”  window  appears.  Select  Restore  my  hard  drive  to  the 
original  factory  state,  and  click  Next.  A  warning  appears,  click  Yes.  Then  next 
menu  appears.  Select  I  do  not  want  to  save  any  files  and  click  Next.  Following 
menu  appears  with  a  warning,  select  Next.  A  warning  appears  not  to  power 
down  the  computer  during  the  recovery  process.  Click  OK.  One  more  warning 
appears  saying  that  recovery  is  intended  only  for  unrecoverable  system 
problems.  Click  OK. 
4.    The  Terms  and  Conditions  window  appears,  select  I  accept  these  terms  and 
conditions  and  press  OK.  Previous  menus  may  remain  on  the  screen,  but  the 
Predesktop  installer  begins  copying  files.  When  this  completes,  the  computer 
will  restart  and  a  window  will  ask  you  to  insert  a  Product  Recovery 
Supplemental  Disk,  if  you  have  one.  Press  No. 
5.    You  will  then  be  prompted  to  insert  Product  Recovery  Disk  1  into  the  optical 
drive.  Insert  the  Product  Recovery  Disk  1  into  the  optical  drive,  and  press  OK. 
In  similar  fashion,  you  will  be  prompted  to  insert  the  remaining  recovery  discs 
until  all  the  files  are  copied. 
6.    After  all  the  files  are  copied,  the  computer  will  restart  and  return  to  the 
“Welcome  to  Rescue  and  Recovery”  screen  where  a  window  “Recovering  your 
system,  this  may  take  several  minutes”  appears  and  .IMZ  files  are  processed. 
Related  service  information
 
General  descriptions  25

--- Page 32 ---
A  total  progress  bar  allows  you  to  audit  this  process,  which  will  take  about  8 
minutes.  The  final  recovery  disc  may  be  safely  removed  during  this  time,  but 
may  also  be  left  in  the  optical  drive  since  it  is  not  bootable. 
7.    You  will  then  be  prompted  to  restart  the  computer.  Select  Yes.  A  warning 
window  appears,  giving  you  one  last  chance  to  stop  the  restart,  but  disappears 
automatically  after  about  5  seconds.  File  processing  continues  in  DOS  full 
screen  mode  for  about  two  minutes  and  the  computer  restarts  to  the  Windows
® 
desktop.  No  user  intervention  is  required  (and  should  be  avoided)  after  this 
point. 
8.    Windows  setup  continues  on  the  desktop  and  DOS  window  for  IBM  system 
setup,  with  progress  measured  by  a  Factory  Preinstallation  window  on  the  right 
side  of  the  screen.  The  processes  are  updating  installed  softwares. 
A  warning  that  antivirus  software  is  not  installed  appears  repeatedly  in  the 
system  tray,  but  this  should  be  ignored.  The  entire  process  at  desktop  takes 
about  25  minutes. 
9.    Then  the  computer  restarts,  does  some  more  DOS  full  screen  processing,  and 
restarts  again  to  a  Windows  desktop  where  factory  preinstallation  continues  for 
about  12  more  minutes,  another  restart  to  a  DOS  screen  and  then  back  to  the 
Windows  splash  screen  and  back  to  the  desktop  for  more  preinstallation. 
This  lasts  about  10  more  minutes  and  the  computer  restarts  to  do  NTFS 
conversion  and  then  restarts  to  the  OOBE  (Out  of  Box  Experience) 
environment.
Passwords 
As  many  as  three  passwords  may  be  needed  for  any  ThinkPad  computer:  the 
power-on  password  (POP),  the  hard-disk  password  (HDP),  and  the  supervisor 
password  (SVP). 
If  any  of  these  passwords  has  been  set,  a  prompt  for  it  appears  on  the  screen 
whenever  the  computer  is  turned  on.  The  computer  does  not  start  until  the 
password  is  entered. 
Exception:   If  only  an  SVP  is  installed,  the  password  prompt  does  not  appear  when 
the  operating  system  is  booted. 
Power-on  password:
A  power-on  password  (POP)  protects  the  system  from  being  powered  on  by  an 
unauthorized  person.  The  password  must  be  entered  before  an  operating  system 
can  be  booted. 
Hard-disk  password:
There
  are  two  hard-disk  passwords  (HDPs): 
v    User  HDP—for  the  user 
v    Master  HDP—for  the  system  administrator,  who  can  use  it  to  get  access  to  the 
hard  disk  even  if  the  user  has  changed  the  user  HDP
Note:
   There  are  two  modes  for  the  HDP:  User  only  and  Master  +  User.  The 
Master  +  User  mode  requires  two  HDPs;  the  system  administrator  enters 
both  in  the  same  operation.  The  system  administrator  then  provides  the  user 
HDP  to  the  system  user.
Related  service  information
 
26  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 33 ---
Attention:   If  the  user  HDP  has  been  forgotten,  check  whether  a  master  HDP  has 
been  set.  If  it  has,  it  can  be  used  for  access  to  the  hard  disk  drive.  If  no  master 
HDP  is  available,  neither  Lenovo  nor  Lenovo  authorized  servicers  provide  any 
services  to  reset  either  the  user  or  the  master  HDP,  or  to  recover  data  from  the 
hard  disk  drive.  The  hard  disk  drive  can  be  replaced  for  a  scheduled  fee. 
Supervisor  password:
A  supervisor  password  (SVP)  protects  the  system  information  stored  in  the  BIOS 
Setup  Utility.  The  user  must  enter  the  SVP  in  order  to  get  access  to  the  BIOS  Setup 
Utility  and  change  the  system  configuration. 
 
Attention:   If  the  SVP  has  been  forgotten  and  cannot  be  made  available  to  the 
servicer,  there  is  no  service  procedure  to  reset  the  password.  The  system  board 
must  be  replaced  for  a  scheduled  fee. 
How  to  remove  the  power-on  password 
To  remove  a  POP  that  you  have  forgotten,  do  the  following: 
(A)  If  no  SVP  has  been  set: 
1.    Turn  off  the  computer. 
2.    Remove  the  battery  pack. 
For  how  to  remove  the  battery  pack,  see  “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  63. 
3.    Remove  the  backup  battery. 
For  how  to  remove  the  backup  battery,  see  “1110  Backup  battery”  on  page  85. 
4.    Turn  on  the  computer  and  wait  until  the  POST  ends. 
After  the  POST  ends,  the  password  prompt  does  not  appear.  The  POP  has  been 
removed. 
5.    Reinstall  the  backup  battery  and  the  battery  pack. 
(B)  If  an  SVP  has  been  set  and  is  known  by  the  servicer: 
1.    Turn  on  the  computer;  then,  while  the  “To  interrupt  normal  startup,  press  the 
blue  ThinkVantage  button”  message  is  displayed  at  the  lower-left  of  the  screen, 
press  the  ThinkVantage
® 
button.  The  Rescue  and  Recovery  screen  opens. 
For  models  supporting  the  Passphrase  function,  press  F1  while  the  POP  icon  is 
appearing  on  the  screen;  then  enter  the  POP.  For  the  other  models,  enter  the 
POP. 
Note:   To  check  whether  the  ThinkPad  computer  supports  the  Passphrase 
function,  enter  the  BIOS  Setup  Utility  and  go  to  Security  -->  Password. 
If  the  Using  Passphrase  item  is  displayed  in  the  menu,  this  function  is 
available  on  the  ThinkPad  computer. 
2.    Click  Access  BIOS.  The  system  Restart  Required  window  is  displayed. 
3.    Click  Yes.  The  computer  restarts,  and  the  BIOS  Setup  Utility  screen  opens. 
4.    Select  Security,  using  the  cursor  directional  keys  to  move  down  the  menu. 
5.    Select  Password. 
6.    Select  Power-On  Password. 
7.    Type  the  current  SVP  in  the  Enter  Current  Password  field.  then  leave  the  Enter 
New  Password  field  blank,  and  press  Enter  twice. 
8.    In  the  Changes  have  been  saved  window,  press  Enter. 
9.    Press  F10;  then,  in  the  Setup  confirmation  window,  select  Yes  .
Related  service  information
 
General  descriptions  27

--- Page 34 ---
How  to  remove  the  hard-disk  password 
Attention:   If  User  only  mode  is  selected  and  the  user  HDP  has  been  forgotten 
and  cannot  be  made  available  to  the  servicer,  neither  Lenovo  nor  Lenovo 
authorized  servicers  provide  any  services  to  reset  the  user  HDPs  or  to  recover  data 
from  the  hard  disk  drive.  The  hard  disk  drive  can  be  replaced  for  a  scheduled  fee. 
To  remove  a  user  HDP  that  has  been  forgotten,  when  the  SVP  and  the  master  HDP 
are  known,  do  the  following: 
 
1.    Turn  on  the  computer;  then,  while  the  “To  interrupt  normal  startup,  press  the 
blue  ThinkVantage  button”  message  is  displayed  at  the  lower-left  of  the 
screen,  press  the  ThinkVantage  button.  The  Rescue  and  Recovery  screen 
opens. 
For  models  supporting  the  Passphrase  function,  press  F1  while  HDP  icon  is 
appearing  on  the  screen;  then  enter  the  master  HDP.  For  the  other  models, 
enter  the  master  HDP. 
Note:   To  check  whether  the  ThinkPad  computer  supports  the  Passphrase 
function,  enter  the  BIOS  Setup  Utility  and  go  to  Security  -->  Password. 
If  Using  Passphrase  item  is  displayed  in  the  menu,  this  function  is 
available  on  the  ThinkPad  computer. 
 
2.    Click  Access  BIOS.  The  system  Restart  Required  window  is  displayed. 
 
3.    Click  Yes.  The  computer  restarts,  and  the  BIOS  Setup  Utility  screen  opens. 
 
4.    Select  Security,  using  the  cursor  directional  keys  to  move  down  the  menu. 
 
5.    Select  Password. 
 
6.    Select  Hard-disk  x  password,  where  x  is  the  letter  of  the  hard  disk  drive.  A 
pop-up  window  opens. 
 
7.    Select  Master  HDP. 
 
8.    Type  the  current  master  HDP  in  the  Enter  Current  Password  field.  then  leave 
the  Enter  New  Password  field  blank,  and  press  Enter  twice. 
 
9.    Press  F10. 
10.    Select  Yes  in  the  Setup  Configuration  window. 
Both  user  HDP  and  master  HDP  will  have  been  removed.
Power  management 
To  reduce  power  consumption,  the  computer  has  three  power  management  modes: 
screen  blank,  standby,  and  hibernation. 
Screen  blank  mode 
If  the  time  set  on  the  “Turn  off  monitor”  timer  in  the  operating  system  expires,  the 
LCD  backlight  turns  off. 
To  put  the  computer  into  screen  blank  mode,  press  the  ThinkVantage  button  and 
use  the  ThinkVantage  Productivity  Center. 
To  end  screen  blank  mode  and  resume  normal  operation,  press  any  key. 
Standby  mode 
When  the  computer  enters  standby  mode,  the  following  events  occur  in  addition  to 
what  occurs  in  screen  blank  mode: 
v    The  LCD  is  powered  off. 
v    The  hard  disk  drive  is  powered  off. 
v    The  CPU  stops.
Related  service  information
 
28  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 35 ---
To  enter  standby  mode,  press  Fn+F4. 
Note:   If  you  are  using  the  ACPI  operating  system,  you  can  change  the  action  of 
Fn+F4. 
In  certain  circumstances,  the  computer  goes  into  standby  mode  automatically: 
v    If  a  “suspend  time”  has  been  set  on  the  timer,  and  the  user  does  not  do  any 
operation  with  the  keyboard,  the  TrackPoint
®
,  the  hard  disk,  the  parallel 
connector,  or  the  diskette  drive  within  that  time. 
v    If  the  battery  indicator  blinks  orange,  indicating  that  the  battery  power  is  low. 
(Alternatively,  if  Hibernate  when  battery  becomes  low  has  been  selected  in  the 
“Power  Management  Properties”  window,  the  computer  goes  into  hibernation 
mode.) 
Note  for  the  APM  operating  system:
Even
  if  you  do  not  set  the  low-battery  alarm,  the  charge  indicator  notifies  you 
when  the  battery  is  low,  and  then  the  computer  enters  the  power-saving  mode 
automatically.  This  default  low-battery  behavior  is  independent  of  the  operating 
system;  so  if  you  have  set  the  low-battery  alarm,  the  computer  may  not  do  what 
you  specified.  It  chooses  either  your  setting  or  the  default  setting,  whichever  is 
appropriate. 
If  you  are  using  the  ACPI  operating  system,  only  the  low-battery  alarm  is 
available. 
To  cause  the  computer  to  return  from  standby  mode  and  resume  operation,  do  one 
of  the  following: 
v    Press  the  Fn  key. 
v    Open  the  LCD  cover. 
v    Turn  on  the  power  switch. 
Also,  in  either  of  the  following  events,  the  computer  automatically  returns  from 
standby  mode  and  resumes  operation:
v
    The  ring  indicator  (RI)  is  signaled  by  a  serial  device  or  a  PC  Card  device. 
v    The  time  set  on  the  resume  timer  elapses. 
Note:   The  computer  does  not  accept  any  input  immediately  after  it  enters 
standby  mode.  Wait  a  few  seconds  before  taking  any  action  to  reenter 
operation  mode.
Hibernation  mode 
In  hibernation  mode,  the  following  occurs: 
v    The  system  status,  RAM,  VRAM,  and  setup  data  are  stored  on  the  hard  disk. 
v    The  system  is  powered  off.
Note:
   If  the  computer  enters  the  hibernation  mode  while  it  is  docked  to  the 
ThinkPad  Advanced  Dock  or  ThinkPad  Advanced  Mini  Dock,  do  not 
undock  it  before  resuming  normal  operation.  If  you  do  undock  it  and  then 
try  to  resume  normal  operation,  you  will  get  an  error  message,  and  you  will 
have  to  restart  the  system. 
To  cause  the  computer  to  enter  hibernation  mode,  do  any  of  the  following: 
v    Press  the  Fn+F12  keys. 
Related  service  information
 
General  descriptions  29

--- Page 36 ---
v    If  you  are  using  the  APM  operating  system  and  have  set  the  mode  to  Power 
switch  mode  [Hibernation],  turn  off  the  power  switch. 
v    If  you  are  using  the  ACPI  operating  system  and  have  defined  one  of  the 
following  actions  as  the  event  that  causes  the  system  to  go  into  hibernation 
mode,  perform  that  action. 
–    Closing  the  lid. 
–    Pressing  the  power  button. 
–    Pressing  Fn+F4  keys.
Also,  the  computer  goes  into  hibernation  mode  automatically  in  either  of  the 
following  conditions:
v
    If  a  “hibernation  time”  has  been  set  on  the  timer,  and  if  the  user  does  not  do 
any  operation  with  the  keyboard,  the  TrackPoint,  the  hard  disk  drive,  the 
parallel  connector,  or  the  diskette  drive  within  that  time. 
v    If  the  timer  conditions  are  satisfied  in  suspend  mode. 
v    If  you  are  using  the  APM  operating  system  and  have  set  the  mode  to  Hibernate 
when  battery  becomes  low,  and  the  battery  charge  becomes  critically  low. 
When  the  power  is  turned  on,  the  computer  returns  from  hibernation  mode  and 
resumes  operation.  The  hibernation  file  in  the  boot  record  on  the  hard  disk  drive  is 
read,  and  system  status  is  restored  from  the  hard  disk  drive. 
Related  service  information
 
30  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 37 ---
Checkout  guide 
Use  the  following  procedures  as  a  guide  in  identifying  and  correcting  problems 
with  the  ThinkPad  computer. 
Note:   The  diagnostic  tests  are  intended  to  test  only  ThinkPad  products.  The  use  of 
non-ThinkPad  products,  prototype  cards,  or  modified  options  can  lead  to 
false  indications  of  errors  and  invalid  system  responses. 
1.    Identify  the  failing  symptoms  in  as  much  detail  as  possible. 
2.    Verify  the  symptoms.  Try  to  re-create  the  failure  by  running  the  diagnostic  test 
or  by  repeating  the  operation.
Testing  the  computer 
The  ThinkPad  computer  has  a  test  program  called  PC-Doctor  for  DOS  (hereafter 
called  PC-Doctor.)  You  can  detect  errors  by  running  the  diagnostics  test  included  in 
PC-Doctor.  This  section  is  an  overview  of  the  procedure.  For  details  that  depend 
on  model-unique  functions,  refer  to  “Product  overview”  on  page  38. 
For  some  possible  configurations  of  the  computer,  PC-Doctor  might  not  run 
correctly.  To  avoid  this  problem,  you  need  to  initialize  the  computer  setup  by  use 
of  the  BIOS  Setup  Utility  before  you  run  PC-Doctor.  On  the  BIOS  Setup  Utility 
screen,  press  F9,  Enter,  F10,  and  then  Enter. 
Note:   When  you  initialize  the  computer  configuration,  some  devices  are  disabled, 
such  as  the  serial  port.  If  you  test  one  of  these  devices,  you  will  need  to 
enable  it  by  using  Configuration  utility  for  DOS.  The  utility  is  available  on 
the  following  Web  site:  http://www.lenovo.com/support 
PC-Doctor  cannot  be  used  to  test  a  device  that  is  in  the  ThinkPad  Advanced  Dock, 
even  if  the  computer  supports  the  ThinkPad  Advanced  Dock.  To  test  a  USB  device, 
connect  it  to  the  USB  connector  of  the  computer. 
Creating  the  PC-Doctor  diagnostics  diskette 
To  create  the  PC-Doctor  disk  from  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace,  do  as 
follows: 
1.    Enter  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace  by  pressing  the  ThinkVantage  button 
during  POST. 
2.    When  the  Rescue  and  Recovery  workspace  finishes  loading,  click  Diagnostic 
Diskette. 
3.    Authenticating  the  digital  signature  takes  about  15  seconds;  then  the  ThinkPad 
computer  will  reboot  into  PC-DOS. 
4.    A  batch  file  automatically  starts  up  to  prompt  you  through  the  process  of 
creating  diskettes.  You  are  notified  of  how  many  diskettes  you  will  need. 
a.    You  are  prompted  to  insert  each  diskette  in  sequence. 
b.    Typically,  all  you  need  to  do  is  to  press  the  Enter  key  for  the  floppy  drive; 
the  system  then  formats  and  creates  the  diskette. 
c.    Each  diskette  is  erased  and  formatted  with  the  PC-Doctor  for  DOS  boot 
image.
5.
    Once  all  the  diskettes  have  been  created,  the  ThinkPad  computer  will  reboot. 
The  user  is  asked  to  remove  all  diskettes  from  the  drive,  or  to  insert  the  first 
diskette  created  if  it  is  desired  to  run  the  diagnostics.
 
Checkout  guide
 
General  descriptions  31

--- Page 38 ---
To  run  the  test,  do  as  follows: 
Note:   In  the  following  procedure,  you  can  select  an  item  not  only  with  the  arrow 
keys,  but  also  with  the  TrackPoint  pointer.  Instead  of  pressing  Enter,  click 
the  left  button. 
1.    Insert  the  PC-Doctor  disk  into  the  diskette  drive;  then  power  on  the  computer. 
If  the  computer  cannot  be  powered  on,  go  to  “Power  system  checkout”  on  page 
34,  and  check  the  power  sources. 
If  an  error  code  appears,  go  to  “Symptom-to-FRU  index”  on  page  49. 
On  the  first  screen,  select  the  model  and  press  Enter.  Follow  the  instructions  on 
the  screen. 
2.    The  main  panel  of  PC-Doctor  appears. 
3.    Select  Diagnostics  with  the  arrow  keys,  and  press  Enter. 
A  pull-down  menu  appears.  (Its  exact  form  depends  on  the  model.)
Note:   PC-Doctor  menu  does  not  mean  the  formal  support  device  list.  Some 
unsupported  device  names  may  appear  in  the  PC-Doctor  menu.
   
Diagnostics
Run Normal Test
Run Quick Test
CPU/Coprocessor
Systemboard
Video Adapter
Serial Ports
Parallel Ports
Fixed Disks
Diskette Drives
Other Devices
Communication
Memory Test - Full
Memory Test - Quick
Interactive Tests Hardware Info Utility Quit F1=Help
PC-DOCTOR 2.0  Copyright 2002 PC-Doctor, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Use the cursor keys and ESC to move in menus. Press ENTER to select.
Wireless LAN
  
Checkout  guide
 
32  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 39 ---
The  options  on  the  test  menu  are  as  follows: 
 
Diagnostics  Interactive  Tests 
v    Run  Normal  Test 
v    Run  Quick  Test 
v    CPU/Coprocessor 
v    Systemboard 
v    Video  Adapter 
v    Serial  Ports 
v    Parallel  Ports 
v    Fixed  Disks 
v    Diskette  Drives 
v    Other  Devices 
v    ThinkPad  Devices 
v    Communication 
v    Wireless  LAN 
v    Memory  Test  –  Full 
v    Memory  Test  –  Quick 
v    Keyboard 
v    Video 
v    Internal  Speaker 
v    Mouse 
v    Diskette 
v    System  Load 
v    CD-ROM/DVD  Test 
v    Intel  Wireless  Radio 
Notes:  
v    In  the  Keyboard  test  in  Interactive  Tests,  the  Fn  key  should  be  held  down  for 
at  least  2  seconds;  otherwise,  it  cannot  be  sensed. 
v    Video  Adapter  test  supports  only  the  LCD  display  on  the  ThinkPad  computer. 
If  you  have  an  external  monitor  attached  to  your  computer,  detach  it  before 
running  PC-Doctor  for  DOS. 
v    To  test  Digital  Signature  Chip,  the  security  chip  must  be  set  to  Active. 
v    To  test  Serial  Ports  or  Parallel  Ports,  the  ThinkPad  computer  must  be  attached 
to  the  ThinkPad  Advanced  Dock  or  ThinkPad  Advanced  Mini  Dock.
  
4.    Run  the  applicable  function  test. 
5.    Follow  the  instructions  on  the  screen.  If  there  is  a  problem,  PC-Doctor  shows 
messages  describing  it. 
6.    To  exit  the  test,  select  Quit  —  Exit  Diag. 
To  cancel  the  test,  press  Esc.
Note:
   After  running  PC-Doctor,  check  the  time  and  date  on  the  system  and  reset 
them  if  they  are  incorrect. 
Detecting  system  information  with  PC-Doctor 
PC-Doctor  can  detect  the  following  system  information: 
Hardware  Info 
v    System  Configuration 
v    Memory  Contents 
v    Physical  Disk  Drives 
v    Logical  Disk  Drives 
v    VGA  Information 
v    IDE  Drive  Info 
v    PCI  Information 
v    PNPISA  Info 
v    SMBIOS  Info 
v    VESA  LCD  Info 
v    Hardware  Events  Log
Checkout  guide
 
General  descriptions  33

--- Page 40 ---
Utility 
v    Run  External  Tests 
v    Surface  Scan  Hard  Disk 
v    Benchmark  System 
v    DOS  Shell 
v    Tech  Support  Form 
v    Battery  Rundown 
v    View  Test  Log 
v    Print  Log 
v    Save  Log 
v    Full  Erase  Hard  Drive 
v    Quick  Erase  Hard  Drive
PC-Doctor  for  Windows 
This  product  is  designed  to  help  you  troubleshoot  and  resolve  problems  related  to 
your  computer.  Select  one  of  the  categories  listed  below  to  display  symptoms  and 
solutions: 
v    CHECK  SYSTEM  HEALTH 
v    SYSTEM  AND  DEVICE  TESTS 
v    LENOVO  TROUBLESHOOTING 
v    CENTER 
v    SYSTEM  REPORTS 
v    UPDATES  AND  SUPPORT
Power  system  checkout 
To  verify  a  symptom,  do  the  following: 
1.    Turn  off  the  computer. 
2.    Remove  the  battery  pack. 
3.    Connect  the  ac  adapter. 
4.    Check  that  power  is  supplied  when  you  turn  on  the  computer. 
5.    Turn  off  the  computer. 
6.    Disconnect  the  ac  adapter  and  install  the  charged  battery  pack. 
7.    Check  that  the  battery  pack  supplies  power  when  you  turn  on  the  computer.
If
  you  suspect  a  power  problem,  see  the  appropriate  one  of  the  following  power 
supply  checkouts: 
v    “Checking  the  ac  adapter” 
v    “Checking  operational  charging”  on  page  35 
v    “Checking  the  battery  pack”  on  page  35 
v    “Checking  the  backup  battery”  on  page  36
Checking  the  ac  adapter 
You  are  here  because  the  computer  fails  only  when  the  ac  adapter  is  used. 
v    If  the  power  problem  occurs  only  when  the  ThinkPad  Essential  Port  Replicator 
is  used,  replace  the  port  replicator. 
v    If  the  power-on  indicator  does  not  turn  on,  check  the  power  cord  of  the  ac 
adapter  for  correct  continuity  and  installation. 
v    If  the  computer  does  not  charge  during  operation,  go  to  ″Checking  operational 
charging.″ 
To  check  the  ac  adapter,  do  the  following: 
1.    Unplug  the  ac  adapter  cable  from  the  computer. 
2.    Measure  the  output  voltage  at  the  plug  of  the  ac  adapter  cable.  See  the 
following  figure: 
Checkout  guide
 
34  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 41 ---
1
2
3
(20V)
Pin  Voltage  (V  dc) 
1  +20 
2  0 
3  Ground 
  
Note:   Output  voltage  of  pin  no.2  of  the  ac  adapter  may  different  from  the  one 
you  are  servicing. 
3.    If  the  voltage  is  not  correct,  replace  the  ac  adapter. 
4.    If  the  voltage  is  acceptable,  do  the  following: 
v    Replace  the  system  board. 
v    If  the  problem  persists,  go  to  “Product  overview”  on  page  38.
Note:
   Noise  from  the  ac  adapter  does  not  always  indicate  a  defect. 
Checking  operational  charging 
To  check  whether  the  battery  charges  properly  during  operation,  use  a  discharged 
battery  pack  or  a  battery  pack  that  has  less  than  50%  of  the  total  power  remaining 
when  installed  in  the  computer. 
Perform  operational  charging.  If  the  battery  status  indicator  or  icon  does  not  turn 
on,  remove  the  battery  pack  and  let  it  return  to  room  temperature.  Reinstall  the 
battery  pack.  If  the  charge  indicator  or  icon  still  does  not  turn  on,  replace  the 
battery  pack. 
If  the  charge  indicator  still  does  not  turn  on,  replace  the  system  board.  Then 
reinstall  the  battery  pack.  If  it  is  still  not  charged,  go  to  the  next  section. 
Checking  the  battery  pack 
Battery  charging  does  not  start  until  the  Power  Meter  shows  that  less  than  95%  of 
the  total  power  remains;  under  this  condition  the  battery  pack  can  charge  to  100% 
of  its  capacity.  This  protects  the  battery  pack  from  being  overcharged  or  from 
having  a  shortened  life. 
To  check  your  battery,  move  your  cursor  to  the  Power  Meter  icon  in  the  icon  tray 
of  the  Windows  taskbar  and  wait  for  a  moment  (but  do  not  click),  and  the 
percentage  of  battery  power  remaining  is  displayed.  To  get  detailed  information 
about  the  battery,  double-click  the  Power  Meter  icon. 
Note:   If  the  battery  pack  becomes  hot,  it  may  not  be  able  to  charge.  Remove  it 
from  the  computer  and  leave  it  at  room  temperature  for  a  while.  After  it 
cools  down,  reinstall  and  recharge  it. 
To  check  the  battery  pack,  do  the  following: 
1.    Power  off  the  computer. 
2.    Remove  the  battery  pack  and  measure  the  voltage  between  battery  terminals  1 
(+)  and  7  (−).  See  the  following  figure: 
Checkout  guide
 
General  descriptions  35

--- Page 42 ---
6(-)
5
4
1(+)
2(+)
3
7(-)
Terminal  Voltage  (V  dc) 
1  +  0  to  +  12.6 
7  Ground  (−) 
  
3.    If  the  voltage  is  less  than  +11.0  V  dc,  the  battery  pack  has  been  discharged. 
Note:   Recharging  will  take  at  least  3  hours,  even  if  the  indicator  does  not  turn 
on. 
If  the  voltage  is  still  less  than  +11.0  V  dc  after  recharging,  replace  the  battery. 
4.    If  the  voltage  is  more  than  +11.0  V  dc,  measure  the  resistance  between  battery 
terminals  5  and  7.  The  resistance  must  be  4  to  30  K  . 
If  the  resistance  is  not  correct,  replace  the  battery  pack.  If  the  resistance  is 
correct,  replace  the  system  board.
Checking  the  backup  battery 
Do  the  following: 
1.    Power  off  the  computer,  and  unplug  the  ac  adapter  from  it. 
2.    Turn  the  computer  upside  down. 
3.    Remove  the  battery  pack  (see  “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  63). 
4.    Remove  the  backup  battery  (see  “1110  Backup  battery”  on  page  85). 
5.    Measure  the  voltage  of  the  backup  battery.  See  the  following  figure.
 
Red (+)
Black (-)
 
Wire  Voltage  (V  dc) 
Red  +2.5  to  +3.2 
Black  Ground 
  
v    If  the  voltage  is  correct,  replace  the  system  board. 
v    If  the  voltage  is  not  correct,  replace  the  backup  battery. 
v    If  the  backup  battery  discharges  quickly  after  replacement,  replace  the  system 
board.
Checkout  guide
 
36  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 43 ---
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch) 
Product  overview   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .38 
Specifications  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .38 
Status  indicators  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .41 
FRU  tests   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .44 
Fn  key  combinations   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .46 
Symptom-to-FRU  index   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .49 
Numeric  error  codes   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .49 
Error  messages   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .53 
Beep  symptoms   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .54 
No-beep  symptoms  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .54 
LCD-related  symptoms   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .55 
Intermittent  problems   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .56 
Undetermined  problems   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .56 
FRU  replacement  notices   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .57 
Screw  notices  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .57 
Retaining  serial  numbers   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .57 
Restoring  the  serial  number  of  the  system  unit  58 
Retaining  the  UUID   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .58 
Reading  or  writing  the  ECA  information   .  .58 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .60 
FRU  compatibility  matrix  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .61 
1010  Battery  pack   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .63 
1020  Ultrabay  Slim  device   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .64 
1030  Hard  disk  drive  cover,  hard  disk  drive,  and 
hard  disk  drive  rubber  rails   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .65 
1040  Palm  rest  or  palm  rest  with  fingerprint 
reader   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .67 
1050  DIMM   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .74 
1060  Keyboard   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .75 
1070  Modem  daughter  card  (MDC-1.5)   .  .  .  .77 
1080  PCI  Express  Mini  Card  for  802.11  a/b/g 
wireless  LAN  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .79 
1090  PCI  Express  Mini  Card  for  802.11  a/b/g/n 
wireless  LAN  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .81 
1100  PCI  Express  Mini  Card  for  wireless  WAN  83 
1110  Backup  battery   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .85 
1120  Keyboard  bezel  and  wireless  WAN  antenna 
cable  (AUX)   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .86 
1130  Fan  assembly   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .89 
1140  CPU   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .93 
1150  LCD  assembly  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .94 
1160  Base  cover   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .98 
1170  Speaker  assembly   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 103 
1180  USB  sub  card  with  cable   .  .  .  .  .  .  . 104 
1190  SIM  card  slot  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 106 
1200  Structure  frame   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 107 
1210  System  board,  PC  Card/ExpressCard  slots 
assembly  and  interposer  card   .  .  .  .  .  .  .114 
2010  LCD  front  bezel  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .117 
2020  Inverter  card   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .119 
2030  Bluetooth  daughter  card  (BDC-2)   .  .  .  . 120 
2040  Wireless  WAN  antenna  cable  (MAIN)  or 
wireless  WAN  blank  cover   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 121 
2050  LCD  panel,  LCD  cable,  and  hinges   .  .  . 124 
2060  LCD  rear  cover  and  wireless  LAN  antenna 
cables   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 127 
Locations  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 128 
Front  view   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 128 
Rear  view   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 129 
Bottom  view  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 129 
Parts  list   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 130 
Overall   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 130 
LCD  FRUs   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 171 
14.1-in.  XGA  TFT   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 172 
14.1-in.  SXGA+  TFT   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 180 
15.0-in.  XGA  TFT   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 188 
15.0-in.  SXGA+  IPS  TFT   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 193 
15.0-in.  UXGA  IPS  TFT   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 199 
Keyboard  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 204 
Recovery  discs   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 205 
Windows  XP  Professional  CDs   .  .  .  .  . 205 
Windows  XP  Home  Edition  CDs   .  .  .  .  . 208 
Windows  Vista  Home  Premium  (32  bit) 
DVDs   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 210 
Windows  Vista  Business  (32  bit)  DVDs   .  .  .211 
Windows  Vista  Ultimate  (32  bit)  DVDs  .  .  . 212 
Miscellaneous  parts   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 213 
AC  adapters  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 215 
Common  parts  list .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 215 
Tools   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 215 
Power  cords  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 216 
Notices   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 217 
Trademarks   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 218
 
©  Copyright  Lenovo  2006,  2008  37

--- Page 44 ---
Product  overview 
This  section  presents  the  following  product-unique  information: 
v    “Specifications” 
v    “Status  indicators”  on  page  41 
v    “FRU  tests”  on  page  44 
v    “Fn  key  combinations”  on  page  46
Specifications 
The  following  table  lists  the  specifications  of  the  ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch 
and  15.0-inch): 
 
Feature  Description 
Processor  v    Intel 
® 
Core
™ 
Solo  processor  T1300  (1.6  GHz),  2-MB  L2 
cache 
v    Intel  Core  Solo  processor  T1400  (1.83  GHz),  2-MB  L2  cache 
v    Intel  Core  Duo  processor  T2300  (1.6  GHz),  2-MB  L2  cache 
v    Intel  Core  Duo  processor  T2300E  (1.66  GHz),  2-MB  L2 
cache 
v    Intel  Core  Duo  processor  T2400  (1.83  GHz),  2-MB  L2 
cache 
v    Intel  Core  Duo  processor  T2500  (2.0  GHz),  2-MB  L2  cache 
v    Intel  Core  Duo  processor  T2600  (2.16  GHz),  2-MB  L2 
cache 
v    Intel  Core  Duo  processor  T2700  (2.33  GHz),  2-MB  L2 
cache 
v    Intel  Core  2  Duo  processor  T5500  (1.6  GHz),  2-MB  L2 
cache 
v    Intel  Core  2  Duo  processor  T5600  (1.83  GHz),  2-MB  L2 
cache 
v    Intel  Core  2  Duo  processor  T7200  (2.0  GHz),  4-MB  L2 
cache 
v    Intel  Core  2  Duo  processor  T7400  (2.16  GHz),  4-MB  L2 
cache 
v    Intel  Core  2  Duo  processor  T7600  (2.33  GHz),  4-MB  L2 
cache 
Bus  architecture  v    667-MHz  PSB 
v    667-MHz  DDR2  SDRAM  (PC2-5300) 
v    PCI  bus 
v    PCI  Express  bus 
v    DMI 
Graphic  memory  chip  v    Maximum  128-MB  shared  with  system  memory  (Intel 
Graphics  Media  Accelerator  950) 
v    64-MB  GDDR  SDRAM  (ATI  Mobility  Radeon  X1300) 
v    128-MB  GDDR  SDRAM  (ATI  Mobility  Radeon  X1400) 
v    256-MB  GDDR3  SDRAM  (ATI  FireGL  V5200) 
v    ATI  M62-CSP64MB 
v    ATI  M62-CSP128MB 
v    ATI  M66-CSP256MB
  
(continued) 
Product  overview
 
38  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 45 ---
Feature  Description 
Display  v    14.1-inch,  16M  colors,  XGA  (1024  ×  768  resolution)  TFT 
color  LCD 
v    14.1-inch,  16M  colors,  SXGA+  (1400  ×  1050  resolution)  TFT 
color  LCD 
v    15.0-inch,  16M  colors,  XGA  (1024  ×  768  resolution)  TFT 
color  LCD 
v    15.0-inch,  16M  colors,  SXGA+  (1400  ×  1050  resolution)  IPS 
(in-plane  switching)  TFT  color  LCD 
v    15.0-inch,  16M  colors,  UXGA  (1600  ×  1200  resolution)  IPS 
TFT  color  LCD 
Standard  memory  v    256-MB  DDR2-667  SDRAM  SO-DIMM  (PC2-5300)  card  ×  1 
v    512-MB  DDR2-667  SDRAM  SO-DIMM  (PC2-5300)  card  ×  1 
v    1-GB  DDR2-667  SDRAM  SO-DIMM  (PC2-5300)  card  ×  1 
v    2-GB  DDR2-667  SDRAM  SO-DIMM  (PC2-5300)  card  ×  1 
v    2-GB  DDR2-533  SDRAM  SO-DIMM  (PC2-4200)  card  ×  1 
Optional  memory  v    256-MB  DDR2-667  SDRAM  SO-DIMM  (PC2-5300)  card  ×  1 
v    512-MB  DDR2-667  SDRAM  SO-DIMM  (PC2-5300)  card  ×  1 
v    1-GB  DDR2-667  SDRAM  SO-DIMM  (PC2-5300)  card  ×  1 
v    2-GB  DDR2-667  SDRAM  SO-DIMM  (PC2-5300)  card  ×  1 
v    2-GB  DDR2-533  SDRAM  SO-DIMM  (PC2-4200)  card  ×  1
(maximum
  of  4.0  GB)
Note:
  Due  to  the  limitation  of  the  current  32-bit  PC 
architecture,  actual  usable  memory  size  is  limited  to  3  GB 
even  though  the  physical  installable  memory  size  is  4  GB  in 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  computers. 
CMOS  RAM  v    242  bytes 
Hard  disk  drive  v    40  GB,  5400  rpm,  9.5  mm  high,  Serial  ATA  (SATA) 
interface 
v    60  GB,  5400  rpm,  9.5  mm  high,  SATA  interface 
v    80  GB,  5400  rpm,  9.5  mm  high,  SATA  interface 
v    100  GB,  5400  rpm,  9.5  mm  high,  SATA  interface 
v    120  GB,  5400  rpm,  9.5  mm  high,  SATA  interface 
v    60  GB,  7200  rpm,  9.5  mm  high,  SATA  interface 
v    100  GB,  7200  rpm,  9.5  mm  high,  SATA  interface
Supported
  hard  disk  drives  are  depend  on  the  model. 
Ultrabay  Slim  device 
(standard) 
v    DVD  drive,  9.5  mm  high 
v    DVD/CD-RW  combo  drive,  9.5  mm  high 
v    DVD-RAM/RW  drive,  9.5  mm  high 
Fingerprint  reader  Some  models
  
(continued) 
Product  overview
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  39

--- Page 46 ---
Feature  Description 
I/O  port  v    External  monitor  connector 
v    Stereo  headphone  jack 
v    Monaural  microphone  jack 
v    Infrared  port 
v    Docking  connector 
v    RJ11  connector 
v    RJ45  connector 
v    Universal  serial  bus  (USB)  connector  ×  3  (compatible  with 
USB  1.1  and  2.0) 
Internal  modem  v    56.6  Kbps 
Audio  v    Built-in  stereo  speakers 
v    Software  control  volume 
Infrared  transfer  v    IrDA  1.1 
Ethernet  (on  the  system 
board) 
v    Gigabit  Ethernet 
PCI  Express  Mini  Card  v    ThinkPad  11a/b/g  Wireless  LAN  Mini  PCI  Express 
Adapter 
v    Intel  PRO  Wireless  3945ABG  Mini-PCI  Express  Adapter 
v    ThinkPad  11a/b/g/n  Wireless  LAN  Mini-PCI  Express 
Adapter 
v    Sierra  Wireless  EV-DO  Wireless  WAN  Mini  PCI  Express 
Adapter 
v    Sierra  Wireless  MC8755  PCI  Express  MiniCard 
v    Integrated  Cingular  HSDPA  3G  Wireless  Broadband 
Network  Adapter 
PC  Card  /ExpressCard  slots  v    ExpressCard  (34  module,  54  module)  for  upper  slot 
v    PC  Card  (Type-II)  for  lower  slot 
Bluetooth  wireless  (some 
models) 
v    ThinkPad  Bluetooth  with  Enhanced  Data  Rate  (BDC-2) 
Modem  v    ThinkPad  Modem  (MDC-1.5,  56  kbps  HDA) 
Touch  pad  v    UltraNav
® 
ThinkLight
® 
Yes 
Battery  v    Li-ion  battery  (6  cells)  5.2  Ah 
v    Li-ion  battery  (9  cells)  7.8  Ah 
v    Ultrabay  Slim  Li  Polymer  battery  (3  cells)  (option) 
AC  adapter  v    65-watt  type 
v    90-watt  type 
Preinstalled  operating 
system 
v    Windows  XP  Professional 
v    Windows  XP  Home  Edition 
v    Windows  Vista
® 
Home  Premium  (32  bit) 
v    Windows  Vista  Business  (32  bit) 
v    Windows  Vista  Ultimate  (32  bit) 
 
Product  overview
 
40  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 47 ---
Status  indicators 
The  system  status  indicators  show  the  status  of  the  computer,  as  follows: 
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
11
  
 
8910
  
 
Product  overview
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  41

--- Page 48 ---
Indicator  Meaning 
1  Wireless  status
 
Green: 
The  wireless  feature  (the  IEEE  802.11  standard  or  IEEE 
802.11n)  is  on,  and  the  radio  link  is  ready  for  use. 
Blinking  green: 
Data  is  being  transmitted. 
2  Bluetooth  status
R
 
Green: 
Bluetooth  wireless  is  operational.  This  indicator  is  on  when 
Bluetooth  wireless  is  on  and  not  in  suspend  mode. 
3  Wireless  WAN 
status
 
Green: 
The  wireless  WAN  is  on,  and  the  radio  link  is  ready  for  use. 
Blinking  green: 
Data  is  being  transmitted. 
4  Num  lock
 
Green: 
The  numeric  keypad  on  the  keyboard  is  enabled.  To  enable  or 
disable  the  keypad,  press  and  hold  the  Shift  key,  and  press 
the  NumLk  (ScrLk)  key. 
5  Caps  lock
 
Green: 
Caps  Lock  mode  is  enabled.  To  enable  or  disable  Caps  Lock 
mode,  press  the  Caps  Lock  key. 
6  Drive  in  use
 
Green: 
Data  is  being  read  from  or  written  to  the  hard  disk  drive,  the 
diskette  drive,  or  the  drive  in  the  Ultrabay  Slim  device.  When 
this  indicator  is  on,  do  not  put  the  computer  into  standby 
mode  or  turn  off  the  computer.
Note:
  Do  not  move  the  system  while  the  green  drive-in-use  light 
is  on.  Sudden  physical  shock  could  cause  drive  errors. 
7  Power  on
 
Green: 
The  computer  is  on  and  ready  to  use.  This  indicator  stays  lit 
whenever  the  computer  is  on  and  is  not  in  standby  mode. 
8  Battery  status
 
Green: 
The  battery  is  charged  between  80%  to  100%  of  the  capacity, 
and  being  discharged  between  0%  to  80%  of  the  capacity. 
Blinking  green: 
The  battery  is  charged  between  20%  to  80%  of  the  capacity, 
and  being  charged. 
Orange: 
The  battery  is  charged  between  5%  and  20%  of  the  capacity, 
and  being  discharged. 
Blinking  orange  (slow): 
The  battery  is  charged  between  5%  to  20%  of  the  capacity, 
and  being  charged. 
Blinking  orange  (rapid): 
The  battery  is  charged  between  0%  to  5%  of  the  capacity.
  
(continued) 
Product  overview
 
42  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 49 ---
Indicator  Meaning 
9  AC  power 
status
 
Green: 
The  computer  is  connected  to  the  ac  power  supply. 
10  Standby  status
 
Green: 
The  computer  is  in  standby  mode. 
Blinking  green: 
The  computer  is  entering  standby  mode  or  hibernation 
mode,  or  is  resuming  normal  operation. 
11  Ultrabay  Slim 
status 
Green: 
An  Ultrabay  Slim  device  is  installed  and  in  use. 
Blinking  green: 
An  Ultrabay  Slim  device  is  in  the  process  of  being  detached. 
Turn  off: 
An  Ultrabay  Slim  device  is  ready  to  be  attached  or  detached.
Note:
  If  you  are  using  Windows  2000,  the  Ultrabay  Slim  status 
indicator  does  not  blink  while  an  Ultrabay  Slim  device  is  being 
detached.  Instead,  a  message  box  pops  up  when  the  process  is 
completed;  then  the  indicator  turns  off. 
 
Product  overview
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  43

--- Page 50 ---
FRU  tests 
The  following  table  shows  the  test  for  each  FRU. 
 
FRU  Applicable  test 
System  board  1.    Diagnostics  -->  CPU/Coprocessor 
2.    Diagnostics  -->  Systemboard 
3.    If  the  ThinkPad  Advanced  Dock,  the  ThinkPad  Advanced  Mini 
Dock  or  the  ThinkPad  Essential  Port  Replicator  is  attached  to 
the  ThinkPad  computer,  detach  it.  Place  the  computer  on  a 
horizontal  surface,  and  run  Diagnostics  -->  ThinkPad  Devices 
-->  HDD  Active  Protection  Test. 
Note:  Do  not  apply  any  physical  shock  to  the  computer  while 
the  test  is  running. 
Power  Diagnostics  -->  ThinkPad  Devices  -->  AC  Adapter,  Battery  1 
(Battery  2) 
LCD  unit  1.    Diagnostics  -->  Video  Adapter 
2.    Interactive  Tests  -->  Video 
Modem  daughter  card 
(MDC-1.5) 
1.    Make  sure  the  modem  is  set  up  correctly. 
2.    Replace  the  modem  jack  and  the  modem  card  in  turn,  and  run 
the  following  tests  in  Diagnostics  -->  Communication: 
a.    Conexant  Smart  Modem  Interrupt 
b.    Conexant  Smart  Modem  Dialtone 
Audio  1.    Interactive  Tests  -->  Internal  Speaker 
2.    Enter  the  BIOS  Setup  Utility  and  change  Serial  ATA  (SATA) 
setting  to  Compatibility,  and  run  Diagnostics  -->  Other 
Devices  -->  Analog  Devices  HDA  CODEC  Test 
Speaker  Interactive  Tests  -->  Internal  Speaker 
PC  Card  slot  Diagnostics  -->  Systemboard  -->  PCMCIA 
ExpressCard  slot  1.    Insert  a  PCI-Express/USB  Wrap  card  into  the  ExpressCard  slot. 
2.    Turn  on  the  computer. 
3.    Run  Diagnostics  -->  ThinkPad  Devices  -->  ExpressCard  slot. 
Keyboard  1.    Diagnostics  -->  Systemboard  -->  Keyboard 
2.    Interactive  Tests  -->  Keyboard 
Hard  disk  drive  Enter  the  BIOS  Setup  Utility  and  change  Serial  ATA  (SATA)  setting 
to  Compatibility,  and  run  Diagnostics  -->  Fixed  Disks 
You  can  also  diagnose  the  hard  disk  drive  without  starting  up  the 
operating  system.  To  diagnose  the  hard  disk  drive  from  the  BIOS 
Setup  Utility,  do  as  follows: 
1.    Remove  any  diskette  from  the  diskette  drive,  and  then  turn  off 
the  computer. 
2.    Turn  on  the  computer. 
3.    While  the  message,  “To  interrupt  normal  startup,  press  the 
blue  ThinkVangate  button,”  is  displayed  at  the  lower  left  of  the 
screen,  press  F1  to  enter  the  BIOS  Setup  Utility. 
4.    Using  cursor  keys,  select  HDD  diagnostic  program.  Press 
enter. 
5.    Using  cursor  keys,  select  Main  hard  disk  drive  or  Ultrabay 
hard  disk  drive. 
6.    Press  Enter  to  start  the  diagnostic  program.
  
(continued) 
Product  overview
 
44  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 51 ---
FRU  Applicable  test 
Diskette  drive  1.    Diagnostics  -->  Diskette  Drives 
2.    Interactive  Tests  -->  Diskette 
DVD  drive  or 
DVD/CD-RW  combo 
drive 
1.    Diagnostics  -->  Other  Devices  -->  CD-ROM/DVD 
2.    Interactive  Tests  -->  CD-ROM/DVD  Test 
Memory  1.    If  two  DIMMs  are  installed,  remove  one  of  them  and  run 
Diagnostics  -->  Memory  Test—Quick. 
2.    If  the  problem  does  not  recur,  return  the  DIMM  to  its  place, 
remove  the  other  one,  and  run  the  test  again. 
3.    If  the  test  does  not  detect  the  error,  run  Diagnostics  --> 
Memory  Test—Full. 
Fan  1.    Turn  on  the  computer  and  check  the  air  turbulence  at  the 
louver  near  the  PC  Card  slot. 
2.    Run  Diagnostics  -->  ThinkPad  Devices  -->  Fan. 
TrackPoint  or  pointing 
device 
If  the  TrackPoint  does  not  work,  check  the  configuration  as 
specified  in  the  BIOS  Setup  Utility.  If  the  TrackPoint  is  disabled, 
select  Automatic  to  enable  it. 
After  you  use  the  TrackPoint,  the  pointer  may  drift  on  the  screen 
for  a  short  time.  This  drift  can  occur  when  a  slight,  steady 
pressure  is  applied  to  the  TrackPoint  pointer.  This  symptom  is  not 
a  hardware  problem.  If  the  pointer  stops  after  a  short  time,  no 
service  action  is  necessary. 
If  enabling  the  TrackPoint  does  not  correct  the  problem,  continue 
with  the  following: 
v    Interactive  Tests  -->  Mouse 
Touch  pad  If  the  touch  pad  does  not  work,  check  the  configuration  as 
specified  in  the  BIOS  Setup  Utility.  If  the  touch  pad  is  disabled, 
select  Automatic  to  enable  it.  If  enabling  the  touch  pad  does  not 
correct  the  problem,  continue  with  the  following: 
v    Interactive  Tests  -->  Mouse 
 
Product  overview
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  45

--- Page 52 ---
Fn  key  combinations 
The  following  table  shows  the  function  of  each  combination  of  Fn  with  a  function 
key. 
 
Key  combination  Description 
Fn+F1  Reserved. 
Fn+F2  Reserved. 
Fn+F3  Select  a  power  scheme  that  has  been  created  by  Power  Manager.  When 
you  press  this  combination,  a  panel  for  selecting  a  power  scheme 
appears.
Notes:
  
1.    To  use  the  Fn+F3  key  combination,  you  must  have  the  ThinkPad 
PM  device  driver  installed  on  the  computer. 
2.    If  you  have  logged  on  with  an  administrator  user  ID,  and  you  press 
Fn+F3,  the  panel  for  selecting  a  power  scheme  appears.  If  you  have 
logged  on  with  another  user  ID,  and  you  press  Fn+F3,  the  panel 
does  not  appear. 
3.    You  cannot  turn  off  the  computer  display  by  pressing  Fn+F3. 
Fn+F4  Put  the  computer  in  standby  mode.  To  return  to  normal  operation, 
press  the  Fn  key  only,  without  pressing  a  function  key.
Notes:
  
1.    To  use  the  Fn+F4  key  combination,  you  must  have  the  ThinkPad 
PM  device  driver  installed  on  the  computer. 
2.    This  combination  of  keys  also  functions  as  a  sleep  button.  If  you 
want  to  use  the  combination  to  put  the  computer  into  hibernation 
mode  or  shut  the  computer  down,  change  the  settings  in  the  Power 
Manager. 
Fn+F5  Enable  or  disable  the  built-in  wireless  networking  features  and  the 
Bluetooth  features.  If  you  press  Fn+F5,  a  list  of  wireless  features  is 
displayed.  You  can  quickly  change  the  power  state  of  each  feature  in 
the  list. 
Note:  If  you  want  to  use  Fn+F5  to  enable  the  feature  specified  in  IEEE 
standard  802.11,  the  following  device  drivers  must  be  installed  on  the 
computer  beforehand: 
v    ThinkPad  Power  Management  driver 
v    OnScreen  Display  Utility 
v    Wireless  device  drivers 
Fn+F6  Reserved.
  
(continued) 
Product  overview
 
46  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 53 ---
Key  combination  Description 
Fn+F7  Apply  a  presentation  scheme  directly,  with  no  need  to  start 
Presentation  Director. 
To  disable  this  function  and  use  the  Fn+F7  key  combination  for 
switching  a  display  output  location,  start  Presentation  Director,  and 
change  the  settings. 
Switch  a  display  output  location 
v    External  monitor  (CRT  display) 
v    Computer  display  and  external  monitor  (LCD  +  CRT  display) 
v    Computer  display  (LCD)
Notes:
  
1.    This  function  is  not  supported  if  different  desktop  images  are 
displayed  on  the  computer  display  and  the  external  monitor  (the 
Extend  desktop  function). 
2.    This  function  does  not  work  while  a  DVD  movie  or  a  video  clip  is 
playing.
To
  enable  this  function,  start  Presentation  Director,  and  change  the 
Fn+F7  settings. 
Note:  Multiple  users  can  log  on  to  a  single  operating  system  by  using 
different  user  IDs.  Each  user  needs  to  change  the  settings. 
Fn+F8  Change  the  settings  of  the  UltraNav  pointing  device. 
Fn+F9  Open  the  ThinkPad  EasyEject  Utility  screen.  Buttons  for  the  following 
choices  are  displayed: 
v    Eject  ThinkPad  PC  from  Dock:  This  button  is  displayed  only  if  the 
ThinkPad  computer  has  been  attached  to  a  ThinkPad  Advanced  Dock 
or  a  ThinkPad  Advanced  Mini  Dock.  The  computer  can  be  detached 
from  the  ThinkPad  Advanced  Dock  or  the  ThinkPad  Advanced  Mini 
Dock. 
v    Eject  ThinkPad  PC  from  Mini  Dock:  This  button  is  displayed  only  if 
the  ThinkPad  computer  has  been  attached  to  a  ThinkPad  Essential 
Port  Replicator  and  one  or  more  USB  devices  have  been  connected  to 
the  ThinkPad  Essential  Port  Replicator.  You  can  stop  and  remove  all 
the  USB  devices  safely  by  clicking  the  button. 
Note:  You  cannot  use  this  Utility  to  detach  the  computer  from  the 
ThinkPad  Essential  Port  Replicator. 
v    Run  EasyEject  Actions:  This  button  is  used  to  select,  stop,  or  remove 
external  devices  connected  to  the  ThinkPad  computer. 
v    Configure  EasyEject  Actions:  Opens  the  ThinkPad  EasyEject  Utility 
main  window. 
v    Fn+F9  Settings:  Configures  the  settings  for  the  Fn+F9  function.
  
(continued) 
Product  overview
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  47

--- Page 54 ---
Key  combination  Description 
Fn+F10  Reserved. 
Fn+F11  Reserved. 
Fn+F12  Put  the  computer  into  hibernation  mode.  To  return  to  normal  operation, 
press  the  power  button  for  less  than  four  seconds. 
Note:  To  use  Fn+F12  for  hibernation,  you  must  have  the  ThinkPad  PM 
device  driver  installed  on  the  computer. 
Fn+PgUp  Turn  the  ThinkLight  on  or  off. 
Note:  This  function  is  supported  only  on  the  ThinkPad  computers  that 
have  the  ThinkLight.  The  on  or  off  status  of  the  ThinkLight  is  shown 
on  the  screen  for  a  few  seconds  when  you  press  Fn+PgUp. 
Fn+Home  The  computer  display  becomes  brighter. 
Fn+End  The  computer  display  becomes  dimmer. 
Fn+Spacebar  Enable  the  FullScreen  Magnifier  function. 
Fn+PrtSc  Has  the  same  function  as  the  SysRq  key. 
Fn+ScrLk  Enable  or  disable  the  numeric  keypad. 
Fn+Pause  Has  the  same  function  as  the  Break  key. 
Fn+cursor  keys  These  key  combinations  work  with  Windows  Media  Player.  Fn+down 
arrow  key  works  for  the  Play  or  Pause  button,  Fn+up  arrow  key  for  the 
Stop  button,  Fn+right  arrow  key  for  the  Next  Track  button,  and  Fn+left 
arrow  key  for  the  Previous  Track  button. 
Product  overview
 
48  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 55 ---
Symptom-to-FRU  index 
The  symptom-to-FRU  index  in  this  section  lists  symptoms  and  errors  and  their 
possible  causes.  The  most  likely  cause  is  listed  first,  in  boldface  type. 
Note:   Do  the  FRU  replacement  or  other  actions  in  the  sequence  shown  in  the 
column  headed  “FRU  or  action,  in  sequence.”  If  replacing  a  FRU  does  not 
solve  the  problem,  put  the  original  part  back  in  the  computer.  Do  not 
replace  a  nondefective  FRU. 
This  index  can  also  help  you  determine,  during  regular  servicing,  what  FRUs  are 
likely  to  need  to  be  replaced  next. 
A  numeric  error  is  displayed  for  each  error  detected  in  POST  or  system  operation. 
In  the  displays,  n  can  be  any  number. 
If  no  numeric  code  is  displayed,  check  the  narrative  descriptions  of  symptoms.  If 
the  symptom  is  not  described  there,  go  to  “Intermittent  problems”  on  page  56. 
 
 
Note 
For  a  device  not  supported  by  diagnostic  codes  in  the  ThinkPad  notebook 
computers,  see  the  manual  for  that  device.
Numeric  error  codes 
 
Symptom  or  error  FRU  or  action,  in  sequence 
0175
Bad  CRC1,  stop  POST  task—The  EEPROM 
checksum  is  not  correct. 
System  board. 
0176
System  Security—The  system  has  been 
tampered  with. 
1.    Run  BIOS  Setup  Utility,  and  save  the 
current  setting  by  pressing  F10. 
2.    System  board. 
0177
Bad  SVP  data,  stop  POST  task—The 
checksum  of  the  supervisor  password  in  the 
EEPROM  is  not  correct. 
System  board. 
0182
Bad  CRC2.  Enter  BIOS  Setup  and  load  Setup 
defaults.—The  checksum  of  the  CRS2  setting 
in  the  EEPROM  is  not  correct. 
1.    Run  BIOS  Setup  Utility.  Press  F9,  and 
Enter  to  load  the  default  setting.  Then 
save  the  current  setting  by  pressing  F10. 
2.    System  board. 
0185
Bad  startup  sequence  settings.  Enter  BIOS 
Setup  and  load  Setup  defaults. 
1.    Run  BIOS  Setup  Utility.  Press  F9,  and 
Enter  to  load  the  default  setting.  Then 
save  the  current  setting  by  pressing  F10. 
0187
EAIA  data  access  error—The  access  to 
EEPROM  is  failed. 
System  board. 
0188
Invalid
  RFID  Serialization  Information  Area. 
System  board. 
0189
Invalid
  RFID  configuration  information 
area—The  EEPROM  checksum  is  not  correct. 
System  board. 
Symptom-to-FRU  index
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  49

--- Page 56 ---
Symptom  or  error  FRU  or  action,  in  sequence 
0190
Critical  low-battery  error 
1.    Charge  the  battery  pack. 
2.    Battery  pack. 
0191
System  Security—Invalid  Remote  Change 
requested. 
1.    Run  BIOS  Setup  Utility,  and  then  save 
current  setting  by  pressing  F10. 
2.    System  board. 
0192
System  Security—  Embedded  Security 
hardware  tamper  detected. 
System  board. 
0199
System  Security—  Security  password  retry 
count  exceeded. 
1.    Run  BIOS  Setup  Utility,  and  then  save 
the  current  setting  by  pressing  F10. 
2.    System  board. 
01C8
Two  or  more  modem  devices  are  found. 
Remove  all  but  one  of  them.  Press  <Esc>  to 
continue. 
1.    Remove  either  a  Mini-PCI  Card  or  a 
modem  daughter  card.  Otherwise,  press 
Esc  to  ignore  the  warning  message. 
2.    System  board. 
01C9
More  than  one  Ethernet  devices  are  found. 
Remove  one  of  them.  Press  <Esc>  to 
continue. 
1.    Remove  the  Ethernet  device  that  you 
installed;  or  press  Esc  to  ignore  the 
warning  message. 
2.    System  board. 
01CA
More  than  one  Wireless  LAN  devices  are 
found.  Remove  one  of  them. 
1.    Remove  the  wireless  LAN  device  that 
you  installed. 
2.    System  board. 
0200
Hard  disk  error—The  hard  disk  is  not 
working. 
1.    Reseat  the  hard  disk  drive. 
2.    Load  Setup  Defaults  in  BIOS  Setup 
Utility. 
3.    Hard  disk  drive. 
4.    System  board. 
021x
Keyboard  error. 
Run  interactive  tests  of  the  keyboard  and 
the  auxiliary  input  device. 
0220
Monitor  type  error—Monitor  type  does  not 
match  the  one  specified  in  CMOS. 
Load  Setup  Defaults  in  BIOS  Setup  Utility. 
0230
Shadow  RAM  error—Shadow  RAM  fails  at 
offset  nnnn. 
System  board. 
0231
System  RAM  error—System  RAM  fails  at 
offset  nnnn. 
1.    DIMM. 
2.    System  board. 
0232
Extended  RAM  error—  Extended  RAM  fails 
at  offset  nnnn. 
1.    DIMM. 
2.    System  board. 
0250
System  battery  error—System  battery  is 
dead. 
1.    Charge  the  backup  battery  for  more 
than  8  hours  by  connecting  the  ac 
adapter. 
2.    Replace  the  backup  battery  and  run  BIOS 
Setup  Utility  to  reset  the  time  and  date. 
0251
System  CMOS  checksum  bad—  Default 
configuration  used. 
1.    Charge  the  backup  battery  for  more 
than  8  hours  by  connecting  the  ac 
adapter. 
2.    Replace  the  backup  battery  and  run  BIOS 
Setup  Utility  to  reset  the  time  and  date. 
Symptom-to-FRU  index
 
50  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 57 ---
Symptom  or  error  FRU  or  action,  in  sequence 
0252
Password  checksum  bad—The  password  is 
cleared. 
Reset  the  password  by  running  BIOS  Setup 
Utility. 
0260
System  timer  error. 
1.    Charge  the  backup  battery  for  more 
than  8  hours  by  connecting  the  ac 
adapter. 
2.    Replace  the  backup  battery  and  run  BIOS 
Setup  Utility  to  reset  the  time  and  date. 
3.    System  board. 
0270
Real-time
  clock  error. 
1.    Charge  the  backup  battery  for  more 
than  8  hours  by  connecting  the  ac 
adapter. 
2.    Replace  the  backup  battery  and  run  BIOS 
Setup  Utility  to  reset  the  time  and  date. 
3.    System  board. 
0271
Date  and  time  error—Neither  the  date  nor 
the  time  is  set  in  the  computer. 
Run  BIOS  Setup  Utility  to  reset  the  time 
and  date. 
0280
Previous  boot  incomplete—  Default 
configuration  used. 
1.    Load  “Setup  Default”  in  BIOS  Setup 
Utility. 
2.    DIMM. 
3.    System  board. 
02F0
CPU  ID:xx  Failed. 
1.    CPU. 
2.    System  board. 
02F4
EISA  CMOS  not  writable. 
1.    Load  Setup  Defaults  in  BIOS  Setup 
Utility. 
2.    Replace  the  backup  battery. 
3.    System  board. 
02F5
DMA  test  failed. 
1.    DIMM. 
2.    System  board. 
02F6
Software  NMI  failed 
1.    DIMM. 
2.    System  board. 
02F7
Fail-safe  timer  NMI  failed 
1.    DIMM. 
2.    System  board. 
1802
Unauthorized
  network  card  is  plugged 
in—Turn  off  and  remove  the  miniPCI 
network  card. 
1.    Remove  Mini  PCI  network  card. 
2.    System  board. 
1803
Unauthorized  daughter  card  is  plugged 
in—Turn  off  and  remove  the  daughter  card. 
1.    Remove  the  daughter  card  that  you 
installed. 
2.    System  board. 
1804
Unauthorized  WAN  card  is  plugged 
in—Power  off  and  remove  the  WAN  card. 
1.    Remove  the  WAN  card  that  you 
installed. 
2.    System  board. 
1820
More  than  one  external  fingerprint  reader  is 
attached.  Power  off  and  remove  all  but  the 
reader  that  you  set  up  within  your  main 
operating  system. 
Remove  all  but  the  reader  that  you  set  up 
for  the  authentication. 
Symptom-to-FRU  index
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  51

--- Page 58 ---
Symptom  or  error  FRU  or  action,  in  sequence 
2000
Hard  Drive  Active  Protection  sensor 
diagnostics  failed.
Press  <Esc>  to  continue.
Press  <F1>  to  enter  SETUP 
1.    Undock  docking  station  or  port 
replicator  if  it  is  attached  to  the 
ThinkPad  computer,  and  place  the 
computer  on  a  horizontal  surface.  Do  not 
apply  any  physical  shock  to  the 
computer. 
2.    Run  Diagnostics  -->  ThinkPad  Devices 
-->  HDD  Active  Protection  Test. 
2010
Warning:  Your  internal  hard  disk  drive 
(HDD)  may  not  function  correctly  on  this 
system.  Ensure  that  your  HDD  is  supported 
on  this  system  and  that  the  latest  HDD 
firmware  is  installed. 
Inform  the  following  information  to  the 
customer:
If  in  the  primary  bay  the  customer  is  using  a 
non-IBM  or  non-Lenovo  hard  disk  drive 
(HDD),  or  an  old  generation  IBM  HDD 
which  is  not  supported  by  this  system,  with 
the  risk  in  mind,  the  customer  can  still  use  it 
by  pressing  ESC.  If  in  the  primary  drive  bay 
the  customer  is  using  a  supported 
IBM/Lenovo  HDD  with  an  old  firmware, 
the  customer  needs  to  update  its  firmware  to 
the  latest.  The  latest  version  is  available  at 
http://www.lenovo.com/support 
2100
Initialization  error  on  HDD0  (Main  hard 
disk  drive) 
1.    Reseat  the  hard  disk  drive. 
2.    Main  hard  disk  drive. 
3.    System  board. 
2102
Initialization  error  on  HDD1  (Ultrabay  hard 
disk  drive) 
1.    Reseat  the  hard  disk  drive. 
2.    Ultrabay  hard  disk  drive. 
3.    System  board. 
2110
Read
  error  on  HDD0  (Main  hard  disk  drive) 
1.    Reseat  the  hard  disk  drive. 
2.    Main  hard  disk  drive. 
3.    System  board. 
2112
Read  error  on  HDD1  (Ultrabay  hard  disk 
drive) 
1.    Reseat  the  hard  disk  drive. 
2.    Ultrabay  hard  disk  drive. 
3.    System  board. 
 
Symptom-to-FRU  index
 
52  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 59 ---
Error  messages 
 
Symptom  or  error  FRU  or  action,  in  sequence 
Device  address  conflict.  1.    Load  “Setup  Defaults”  in  the  BIOS 
Setup  Utility. 
2.    Backup  battery. 
3.    System  board. 
Allocation  error  for  device.  1.    Load  “Setup  Defaults”  in  the  BIOS 
Setup  Utility. 
2.    Backup  battery. 
3.    System  board. 
Failing  bits:  nnnn.  1.    DIMM. 
2.    System  board. 
Invalid  system  configuration  data.  1.    DIMM. 
2.    System  board. 
I/O  device  IRQ  conflict.  1.    Load  “Setup  Defaults”  in  the  BIOS 
Setup  Utility. 
2.    Backup  battery. 
3.    System  board. 
Hibernation  error.  1.    Restore  the  system  configuration  to 
what  it  was  before  the  computer 
entered  hibernation  mode. 
2.    If  memory  size  has  been  changed, 
re-create  the  hibernation  file. 
Fan  error.  1.    Fan. 
2.    Thermal  grease. 
3.    System  board. 
Thermal  sensing  error.  System  board. 
Cannot  boot  from  any  device.  Check  the  status  of  device  which  you  want 
to  boot  from. 
Device  not  found. 
1.    The  device  you  want  to  boot  from. 
2.    System  board.
Device
  Error. 
1.    The  device  you  want  to  boot  from. 
2.    System  board.
No
  valid  operating  system. 
1.    Check  that  the  operating  system  has  no 
failure  and  is  installed  correctly. 
2.    Reinstall  the  operation  system.
Excluded
  from  boot  order. 
v    Enter  the  BIOS  Setup  Utility  and  add  the 
device  in  boot  order. 
 
Symptom-to-FRU  index
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  53

--- Page 60 ---
Beep  symptoms 
 
Symptom  or  error  FRU  or  action,  in  sequence 
One  beep  and  a  blank,  unreadable,  or 
flashing  LCD. 
1.    Reseat  the  LCD  connector. 
2.    LCD  assembly. 
3.    External  CRT. 
4.    System  board. 
One  long  and  two  short  beeps,  and  a  blank 
or  unreadable  LCD. 
1.    System  board. 
2.    LCD  assembly. 
3.    DIMM. 
Two  short  beeps  with  error  codes.  POST  error.  See  “Numeric  error  codes”  on 
page  49. 
Two  short  beeps  and  a  blank  screen.  1.    System  board. 
2.    DIMM. 
Three  short  beeps,  pause,  three  more  short 
beeps,  and  one  short  beep. 
1.    DIMM. 
2.    System  board 
One  short  beep,  pause,  three  short  beeps, 
pause,  three  more  short  beeps,  and  one  short 
beep. 
Only  the  cursor  appears.  Reinstall  the  operating  system. 
Four  cycles  of  four  short  beeps  and  a  blank 
screen. 
System  board  (security  chip) 
Five  short  beeps  and  a  blank  screen.  System  board
  
No-beep  symptoms 
 
Symptom  or  error  FRU  or  action,  in  sequence 
No  beep,  power-on  indicator  on,  LCD  blank, 
and  no  POST. 
1.    Make  sure  that  every  connector  is 
connected  tightly  and  correctly. 
2.    DIMM. 
3.    System  board. 
No  beep,  power-on  indicator  on,  and  LCD 
blank  during  POST. 
1.    Reseat  DIMM. 
2.    System  board. 
The  power-on  password  prompt  appears.  A  power-on  password  or  a  supervisor 
password  is  set.  Type  the  password  and 
press  Enter. 
The  hard-disk  password  prompt  appears.  A  hard-disk  password  is  set.  Type  the 
password  and  press  Enter. 
 
Symptom-to-FRU  index
 
54  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 61 ---
LCD-related  symptoms 
Important:   The  TFT  LCD  for  the  notebook  computer  contains  many  thin-film 
transistors  (TFTs).  The  presence  of  a  small  number  of  dots  that  are 
missing,  discolored,  or  always  lighted  is  characteristic  of  TFT  LCD 
technology,  but  excessive  pixel  problems  can  cause  viewing  concerns. 
The  LCD  should  be  replaced  if  the  number  of  missing,  discolored,  or 
lighted  dots  in  any  background  is  as  follows: 
Minimum  quantity  of  defective  pixels  required  for  LCD  replacement  on  June  2006  or  later 
manufactured  ThinkPad 
 
LCD  resolution  Bright  dots  Dark  dots  Bright  and  dark  dots 
XGA,  WXGA  5  6  6 
WXGA+,  SXGA+, 
WSXGA+ 
5  8  10 
UXGA,  WUXGA, 
QXGA 
5  13  13
  
Notes:  
1.    Lenovo  will  not  provide  replacement  if  the  LCD  is  within  specification  as  we 
cannot  guarantee  that  any  replacement  LCD  will  have  zero  pixel  defects. 
2.    A  bright  dot  means  a  pixel  is  always  on  (white  or  color.) 
3.    A  dark  dot  means  a  pixel  is  always  off  (black  color.) 
4.    One  pixel  consists  of  R,  G,  B  sub-pixels.
 
Symptom  or  error  FRU  or  action,  in  sequence 
No  beep,  power-on  indicator  on,  and  a 
blank  LCD  during  POST. 
System  board. 
v    LCD  backlight  not  working. 
v    LCD  too  dark. 
v    LCD  brightness  cannot  be  adjusted. 
v    LCD  contrast  cannot  be  adjusted. 
1.    Reseat  the  LCD  connectors. 
2.    LCD  assembly. 
3.    System  board. 
v    LCD  screen  unreadable. 
v    Characters  missing  pixels. 
v    Screen  abnormal. 
v    Wrong  color  displayed. 
1.    See  important  note  for  “LCD-related 
symptoms.” 
2.    Reseat  all  LCD  connectors. 
3.    LCD  assembly. 
4.    System  board. 
Horizontal  or  vertical  lines  displayed  on 
LCD. 
LCD  assembly. 
 
Symptom-to-FRU  index
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  55

--- Page 62 ---
Intermittent  problems 
Intermittent  system  hang  problems  can  be  due  to  a  variety  of  causes  that  have 
nothing  to  do  with  a  hardware  defect,  such  as  cosmic  radiation,  electrostatic 
discharge,  or  software  errors.  FRU  replacement  should  be  considered  only  when  a 
problem  recurs. 
When  analyzing  an  intermittent  problem,  do  the  following: 
1.    Run  the  diagnostic  test  for  the  system  board  in  loop  mode  at  least  10  times. 
2.    If  no  error  is  detected,  do  not  replace  any  FRUs. 
3.    If  any  error  is  detected,  replace  the  FRU  shown  by  the  FRU  code.  Rerun  the 
test  to  verify  that  no  more  errors  exist.
Undetermined  problems 
If  the  diagnostic  tests  did  not  identify  the  adapter  or  device  that  has  failed,  if 
wrong  devices  are  installed,  or  if  the  system  simply  is  not  operating,  follow  these 
procedures  to  isolate  the  failing  FRU  (do  not  isolate  FRUs  that  have  no  defects). 
Verify  that  all  attached  devices  are  supported  by  the  computer. 
Verify  that  the  power  supply  being  used  at  the  time  of  the  failure  is  operating 
correctly.  (See  “Power  system  checkout”  on  page  34.) 
1.    Turn  off  the  computer. 
2.    Visually  check  each  FRU  for  damage.  Replace  any  damaged  FRU. 
3.    Remove  or  disconnect  all  of  the  following  devices: 
a.    Non-ThinkPad  devices 
b.    Devices  attached  to  the  port  replicator 
c.    Printer,  mouse,  and  other  external  devices 
d.    Battery  pack 
e.    Hard  disk  drive 
f.    External  diskette  drive  or  optical  drive 
g.    DIMM 
h.    Optical  disk  or  diskette  in  the  internal  drive 
i.    PC  Cards
4.    Turn  on  the  computer. 
5.    Determine  whether  the  problem  has  been  solved. 
6.    If  the  problem  does  not  recur,  reconnect  the  removed  devices  one  at  a  time 
until  you  find  the  failing  FRU. 
7.    If  the  problem  remains,  replace  the  following  FRUs  one  at  a  time  (do  not 
replace  a  nondefective  FRU): 
a.    System  board 
b.    LCD  assembly
Symptom-to-FRU  index
 
56  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 63 ---
FRU  replacement  notices 
This  section  contains  notices  related  to  removing  and  replacing  parts.  Read  this 
section  carefully  before  replacing  any  FRU. 
Screw  notices 
Loose  screws  can  cause  a  reliability  problem.  In  the  ThinkPad  computer,  this 
problem  is  addressed  with  special  nylon-coated  screws  that  have  the  following 
characteristics: 
v    They  maintain  tight  connections. 
v    They  do  not  easily  come  loose,  even  with  shock  or  vibration. 
v    They  are  harder  to  tighten. 
v    Each  one  should  be  used  only  once.
Do
  the  following  when  you  service  this  machine: 
v    Keep  the  screw  kit  (for  the  P/N,  see  “Miscellaneous  parts”  on  page  213)  in  your 
tool  bag. 
v    Always  use  new  screws. 
v    Use  a  torque  screwdriver  if  you  have  one.
Tighten
  screws  as  follows: 
v    Plastic  to  plastic 
Turn  an  additional  90  degrees  after  the  screw  head  touches  the  surface  of  the 
plastic  part: 
90 degrees more
(Cross-section)
  
  
v    Logic  card  to  plastic 
Turn  an  additional  180  degrees  after  the  screw  head  touches  the  surface  of  the 
logic  card: 
180 degrees more
(Cross-section)
  
  
v    Torque  driver 
If  you  have  a  torque  driver,  refer  to  the  “Torque”  column  for  each  step. 
v    Make  sure  that  you  use  the  correct  screw.  If  you  have  a  torque  screwdriver, 
tighten  all  screws  firmly  to  the  torque  shown  in  the  table.  Never  use  a  screw 
that  you  removed.  Use  a  new  one.  Make  sure  that  all  of  the  screws  are 
tightened  firmly. 
v    Ensure  torque  screwdrivers  are  calibrated  correctly  following  country 
specifications.
Retaining  serial  numbers 
This  section  includes  the  following  descriptions: 
v    “Restoring  the  serial  number  of  the  system  unit”  on  page  58 
FRU  replacement  notices
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  57

--- Page 64 ---
v    “Retaining  the  UUID” 
v    “Reading  or  writing  the  ECA  information”
Restoring  the  serial  number  of  the  system  unit 
When  the  computer  was  manufactured,  the  EEPROM  on  the  system  board  was 
loaded  with  the  serial  numbers  of  the  system  and  all  major  components.  These 
numbers  need  to  remain  the  same  throughout  the  life  of  the  computer. 
If  you  replace  the  system  board,  you  must  restore  the  serial  number  of  the  system 
unit  to  its  original  value. 
Before  replacing  the  system  board,  save  the  original  serial  number  by  doing  the 
following: 
1.    Install  the  ThinkPad  Hardware  Maintenance  Diskette  Version  1.73  or  later,  and 
restart  the  computer. 
2.    From  the  main  menu,  select  1.  Set  System  Identification. 
3.    Select  2.  Read  S/N  data  from  EEPROM. 
The  serial  number  of  each  device  in  your  computer  is  displayed;  the  serial  number 
of  the  system  unit  is  listed  as  follows: 
v    20:  Serial  number 
Write  down  that  number. 
Note:   The  serial  number  of  the  system  unit  is  also  written  on  the  label  attached  to 
the  bottom  of  the  computer. 
After  you  have  replaced  the  system  board,  restore  the  serial  number  by  doing  the 
following: 
1.    Install  the  ThinkPad  Hardware  Maintenance  Diskette  Version  1.73  or  later  and 
restart  the  computer. 
2.    From  the  main  menu,  select  1.  Set  System  Identification. 
3.    Select  1.  Add  S/N  data  from  EEPROM. 
Follow  the  instructions  on  the  screen.
Retaining  the  UUID 
The  Universally  Unique  Identifier  (UUID)  is  a  128-bit  number  uniquely  assigned  to 
your  computer  at  production  and  stored  in  the  EEPROM  of  your  system  board. 
The  algorithm  that  generates  the  number  is  designed  to  provide  unique  IDs  until 
the  year  A.D.  3400.  No  two  computers  in  the  world  have  the  same  number. 
When  you  replace  the  system  board,  you  must  set  the  UUID  on  the  new  system 
board  as  follows: 
1.    Install  the  ThinkPad  Hardware  Maintenance  Diskette  Version  1.73  or  later,  and 
restart  the  computer. 
2.    From  the  main  menu,  select  4.  Assign  UUID. 
A  new  UUID  is  created  and  written.  If  a  valid  UUID  already  exists,  it  is  not 
overwritten.
Reading  or  writing  the  ECA  information 
Information  on  Engineering  Change  Announcements  (ECA)  are  stored  in  the 
EEPROM  of  the  system  board.  The  electronic  storage  of  this  information  simplifies 
the  procedure  to  check  if  the  ECA  has  been  previously  applied  to  a  machine.  The 
machine  does  not  need  to  be  disassembled  to  check  for  the  ECA  application. 
FRU  replacement  notices
 
58  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 65 ---
To  check  what  ECAs  have  been  previously  applied  to  the  machine,  use  the  ECA 
Information  Read/Write  function  on  the  ThinkPad  Hardware  Maintenance  Diskette 
Version  1.73  or  later. 
1.    Insert  the  ThinkPad  Hardware  Maintenance  Diskette  Version  1.73  or  later,  and 
restart  the  computer. 
2.    From  the  main  menu,  select  6.  Set  ECA  Information. 
3.    To  read  ECA  information,  select  2.  Read  ECA/rework  number  from  EEPROM 
and  follow  the  instruction. 
4.    To  read  box  build  date,  select  5.  Read  box  build  date  from  EEPROM,  and 
follow  the  instruction  on  the  screen. 
After  an  ECA  has  been  applied  to  the  machine,  the  EEPROM  must  be  updated  to 
reflect  the  ECA's  application.  Use  the  ThinkPad  Hardware  Maintenance  Diskette 
Version  1.73  or  later  to  update  the  EEPROM. 
Note:   Only  the  ECA  number  is  stored  in  the  EEPROM.  The  machine  type  of  the 
ECA  is  assumed  be  the  same  as  the  machine  type  of  the  machine  that  had 
the  ECA  applied  to  it. 
1.    Insert  the  ThinkPad  Hardware  Maintenance  Diskette  Version  1.73  or  later,  and 
restart  the  computer. 
2.    From  the  main  menu,  select  6.  Set  ECA  Information. 
3.    To  write  ECA  information,  select  1.  Write  ECA/rework  number  from  EEPROM, 
and  follow  the  instruction. 
4.    To  write  box  build  date,  select  4.  Write  box  build  date  from  EEPROM,  and 
follow  the  instruction  on  the  screen. 
If  the  system  board  is  being  replaced,  try  to  read  the  ECA  information  from  the  old 
system  board  and  transfer  the  information  to  the  new  system.  If  the  system  board 
is  inoperable,  this  will  not  be  possible. 
FRU  replacement  notices
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  59

--- Page 66 ---
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU 
This  section  presents  directions  and  drawings  for  use  in  removing  and  replacing  a 
FRU.  Be  sure  to  observe  the  following  general  rules: 
1.    Do  not  try  to  service  any  computer  unless  you  have  been  trained  and  certified. 
An  untrained  person  runs  the  risk  of  damaging  parts. 
2.    Before  replacing  any  FRU,  review  “FRU  replacement  notices”  on  page  57. 
3.    Begin  by  removing  any  FRUs  that  have  to  be  removed  before  the  failing  FRU. 
Any  such  FRUs  are  listed  at  the  top  of  the  page.  Remove  them  in  the  order  in 
which  they  are  listed. 
4.    Follow  the  correct  sequence  in  the  steps  for  removing  the  FRU,  as  given  in  the 
drawings  by  the  numbers  in  square  callouts. 
5.    When  turning  a  screw  to  replace  a  FRU,  turn  it  in  the  direction  as  given  by  the 
arrow  in  the  drawing. 
6.    When  removing  the  FRU,  move  it  in  the  direction  as  given  by  the  arrow  in  the 
drawing. 
7.    To  put  the  new  FRU  in  place,  reverse  the  removal  procedure  and  follow  any 
notes  that  pertain  to  replacement.  For  information  about  connecting  and 
arranging  internal  cables,  see  “Locations”  on  page  128. 
8.    When  replacing  a  FRU,  use  the  correct  screw  as  shown  in  the  procedures.
DANGER
  
 
 
 
Attention:   After  replacing  a  FRU,  do  not  turn  on  the  computer  until  you  have 
made  sure  that  all  screws,  springs,  and  other  small  parts  are  in  place  and  none  are 
loose  inside  the  computer.  Verify  this  by  shaking  the  computer  gently  and  listening 
for  rattling  sounds.  Metallic  parts  or  metal  flakes  can  cause  electrical  short  circuits.
 Attention:   The  system  board  is  sensitive  to,  and  can  be  damaged  by,  electrostatic 
discharge.  Before  touching  it,  establish  personal  grounding  by  touching  a  ground 
point  with  one  hand  or  by  using  an  electrostatic  discharge  (ESD)  strap  (P/N 
6405959).
 
Before  removing  any  FRU,  turn  off  the  computer,  unplug  all  power  cords  from 
electrical  outlets,  remove  the  battery  pack,  and  then  disconnect  any  interconnecting 
cables. 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
60  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 67 ---
FRU  compatibility  matrix 
Important  notice:
Some
  FRUs  are  compatible  only  with  specific  other  FRUs.  When  you  replace  any 
of  the  following  FRUs,  refer  to  the  following  table  showing  compatibilities,  and 
select  the  proper  replacement  FRU. 
 
FRU  and  FRU 
no. 
Fan  assembly 
v    41W6406
 
 
or 
v    41W0467
 
 
Structure  frame 
v    42R9911 
or 
v    42R9912
 
Keyboard  bezel 
v    42W2225 
or 
v    42W2226
 
LCD  hinges 
v    42R9906 
or 
v    42R9907 
or 
v    42R9908
 
Fan  assembly 
v    41W6406 
or 
v    41W0467 
—  OK  OK  OK 
Structure  frame 
v    42R9911 
or 
v    42R9912 
OK  —  OK  OK 
Keyboard  bezel 
v    42W2225 
or 
v    42W2226 
OK  OK  —  OK 
LCD  hinges 
v    42R9906 
or 
v    42R9907 
or 
v    42R9908 
OK  OK  OK  — 
Fan  assembly 
v    41V9931
 
 
or 
v    41V9932
 
 
—  OK  OK  OK
  
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  61

--- Page 68 ---
FRU  and  FRU 
no. 
Fan  assembly 
v    41W6406
 
 
or 
v    41W0467
 
 
Structure  frame 
v    42R9911 
or 
v    42R9912
 
Keyboard  bezel 
v    42W2225 
or 
v    42W2226
 
LCD  hinges 
v    42R9906 
or 
v    42R9907 
or 
v    42R9908
 
Structure  frame 
v    41V9987 
or 
v    41V9988
 
No  —  OK  OK 
Keyboard  bezel 
v    39T7461 
or 
v    39T4762
 
No  No  —  OK 
LCD  hinges 
v    41V9901 
or 
v    41V9902 
or 
v    41V9903 
or 
v    41V9904
 
No  No  OK  — 
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
62  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 69 ---
1010  Battery  pack 
DANGER
  
 
 
 
Unlock  the  battery  release  lever  1.  Holding  the  battery  release  lever  in  the 
unlocked  position  2,  remove  the  battery  pack  in  the  direction  shown  by  arrow 
3. 
1 2
3
  
 
When  installing:   Install  the  battery  pack  along  the  slide  rails  of  the  slot.  Then 
make  sure  that  the  battery  release  lever  is  in  the  locked  position 
as  in  this  figure.
  
 
 
Use  only  the  battery  specified  in  the  parts  list  for  your  computer.  Any  other  battery 
could  ignite  or  explode. 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  63

--- Page 70 ---
1020  Ultrabay  Slim  device 
 
Note 
Ultrabay  Slim  does  not  accept  any  of  the  following  devices: 
v    Ultrabay  Plus  devices 
v    Ultrabay  2000  devices
 When  you  release  the  switch  in  step  1,  the  lever  pops  out.  In  step  2,  pull  the 
lever  a  little  to  release  the  device  from  the  bay. 
1
2
  
 
3
  
 
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
64  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 71 ---
1030  Hard  disk  drive  cover,  hard  disk  drive,  and  hard  disk 
drive  rubber  rails 
For  access,  remove  this  FRU: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  63
 
 
Attention 
v    Do  not  drop  the  hard  disk  drive  or  apply  any  physical  shock  to  it.  The 
hard  disk  drive  is  sensitive  to  physical  shock.  Improper  handling  can  cause 
damage  and  permanent  loss  of  data. 
v    Before  removing  the  drive,  have  the  user  make  a  backup  copy  of  all  the 
information  on  it  if  possible. 
v    Never  remove  the  drive  while  the  system  is  operating  or  is  in  suspend 
mode.
1
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
1  Hard  disk  drive  screw,  nylon-coated  (1)  Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm)
  
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  65

--- Page 72 ---
2
4
3
When  installing:   Make  sure  that  the  hard  disk  drive  connector  is  attached  firmly.
5
5
  
 
When  installing:   The  rubber  rails  on  the  hard  disk  drive  must  be  attached  to  the 
replacement  drive.  Otherwise  the  drive  cannot  be  installed 
properly.
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
66  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 73 ---
1040  Palm  rest  or  palm  rest  with  fingerprint  reader 
For  access,  remove  this  FRU  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  63
 
 
Notes 
In  models  with  the  fingerprint  reader,  the  sensor  is  attached  to  the  palm  rest 
FRU.  If  the  fingerprint  reader  has  any  defects,  you  can  replace  it  by  the 
procedures  given  in  this  section,  which  are  the  same  for  a  palm  rest  with  or 
without  a  fingerprint  reader.
1
1
1
1
  
 
 
Step  Icon  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
1 
 
M2  ×  14  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated 
(4) 
Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm)
  
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  67

--- Page 74 ---
2
3
4
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
68  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 75 ---
When  installing:   When  you  attach  the  palm  rest,  do  as  follows: 
1.    Attach  the  fingerprint  reader  connector  firmly  to  the  system  board.
  
  
2.    14.1-in.  LCD  models: 
a.    Align  the  front  side  of  the  palm  rest  and  the  frame  first;  then  place  the  palm 
rest  as  shown  in  this  figure.
  
 
(continued)
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  69

--- Page 76 ---
Note:   Make  sure  that  the  frame  and  the  front  side  of  the  palm  rest  are 
attached  firmly.
  
 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
70  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 77 ---
b.    Push  the  palm  rest  a  little  toward  the  keyboard  1,  and  press  the  left-top 
edge  2  and  the  right-top  edge  3  of  the  palm  rest  until  they  latch.
1
1
2
3
  
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  71

--- Page 78 ---
15.0-in.  LCD  models: 
a.    Align  the  front  side  of  the  palm  rest  and  the  frame,  and  attach  the 
front-center  of  the  palm  rest,  as  shown  in  this  figure.
1
2
2
  
  
b.    Press  the  left-top  edge  of  the  palm  rest  to  latch  it,  and  make  sure  that  the 
left-top  edge,  the  right-top  edge,  and  the  front  side  of  the  palm  rest  are 
attached  firmly.
  
 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
72  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 79 ---
3.    Close  the  LCD  cover  and  turn  the  computer  over.  Then  fasten  the  four  screws 
in  the  order  shown  in  this  figure.
1
4
3
2
  
 
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  73

--- Page 80 ---
1050  DIMM 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  63 
v    “1040  Palm  rest  or  palm  rest  with  fingerprint  reader”  on  page  67
2
1
1
  
 
When  installing:   Insert  the  notched  end  of  the  DIMM  into  the  socket.  Press  the 
DIMM  firmly,  and  pivot  it  until  it  snaps  into  the  place.  Make 
sure  that  it  is  firmly  fixed  in  the  slot  and  does  not  move  easily.
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
74  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 81 ---
1060  Keyboard 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  63 
v    “1040  Palm  rest  or  palm  rest  with  fingerprint  reader”  on  page  67
1
  
 
 
Step  Icon  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
1 
 
M2  ×  14  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated 
(1) 
Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm)
  
Lift  the  keyboard  a  little  in  the  direction  shown  by  arrow  2,  and  then  detach  the 
connector  3. 
2
3
  
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  75

--- Page 82 ---
When  installing:   Make  sure  that  the  keyboard  edges  a  are  under  the  frame  as 
shown  in  this  figure.
a
a
a
  
 
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
76  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 83 ---
1070  Modem  daughter  card  (MDC-1.5) 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  63 
v    “1040  Palm  rest  or  palm  rest  with  fingerprint  reader”  on  page  67 
v    “1060  Keyboard”  on  page  75
1
1
2
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
1  M2  ×  3  mm,  small-head,  nylon-coated  (2)  Silver  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm)
  
In  step  2,  remove  the  card  by  pulling  the  tab  with  your  fingers  in  the  direction 
shown  by  the  arrow. 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  77

--- Page 84 ---
Turn  the  card  over  3,  and  detach  the  modem  connector  4. 
3
4
  
 
When  installing:   Make  sure  that  the  modem  connector  and  the  connector  on  the 
underside  of  the  card  are  attached  firmly.
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
78  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 85 ---
1080  PCI  Express  Mini  Card  for  802.11  a/b/g  wireless  LAN 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  63 
v    “1040  Palm  rest  or  palm  rest  with  fingerprint  reader”  on  page  67 
v    “1060  Keyboard”  on  page  75 
In  step  1,  unplug  the  jacks  by  using  the  removal  tool  antenna  RF  connector 
(P/N:  08K7159)  or  pick  the  connectors  with  your  fingers  and  gently  unplug  them 
in  direction  of  the  arrow. 
2
2
1
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
2  M2  ×  9.5  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated  (2)  Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7
  kgfcm)
  
When  installing:   Plug  the  gray  cable  into  the  jack  labeled  MAIN  on  the  card,  and 
the  black  cable  into  the  jack  labeled  AUX. 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  79

--- Page 86 ---
3
Cable  routing:   Route  the  antenna  cables  as  shown  in  the  following  figure. 
For  14.1-in.  LCD  models: 
  
 
For  15.0-in.  LCD  models: 
  
 
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
80  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 87 ---
1090  PCI  Express  Mini  Card  for  802.11  a/b/g/n  wireless  LAN 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  63 
v    “1040  Palm  rest  or  palm  rest  with  fingerprint  reader”  on  page  67 
v    “1060  Keyboard”  on  page  75 
In  step  1,  unplug  the  jacks  by  using  the  removal  tool  antenna  RF  connector 
(P/N:  08K7159)  or  pick  the  connectors  with  your  fingers  and  gently  unplug  them 
in  direction  of  the  arrow. 
2
2
1
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
2  M2  ×  9.5  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated  (2)  Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7
  kgfcm)
  
When  installing:   Plug  the  gray  cable  (MAIN)  into  the  jack  labeled  TR1,  the  white 
cable  (3rd)  into  jack  labeled  R0,  and  the  black  cable  (AUX)  into 
jack  labeled  TR2  on  the  card. 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  81

--- Page 88 ---
3
Cable  routing:   Route  the  antenna  cables  as  shown  in  the  following  figure. 
For  14.1-in.  LCD  models: 
  
 
For  15.0-in.  LCD  models: 
  
 
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
82  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 89 ---
1100  PCI  Express  Mini  Card  for  wireless  WAN 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  63 
v    “1040  Palm  rest  or  palm  rest  with  fingerprint  reader”  on  page  67 
v    “1060  Keyboard”  on  page  75 
In  step  1,  unplug  the  jacks  by  using  the  removal  tool  antenna  RF  connector 
(P/N:  08K7159)  or  pick  the  connectors  with  your  fingers  and  gently  unplug  them 
in  direction  of  the  arrow. 
2
2
1
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
2  M2  ×  3  mm,  small-head,  nylon-coated  (2)  Silver  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm)
  
When  installing:   Plug  the  red  cable  into  the  jack  labeled  MAIN  on  the  card,  and 
the  blue  cable  into  the  jack  labeled  AUX. 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  83

--- Page 90 ---
3
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
84  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 91 ---
1110  Backup  battery 
DANGER
  
 
 
 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  63 
v    “1040  Palm  rest  or  palm  rest  with  fingerprint  reader”  on  page  67 
v    “1060  Keyboard”  on  page  75
1
2
  
 
When  installing:   Make  sure  that  the  battery  connector  is  attached  firmly.
 
Use  only  the  battery  specified  in  the  parts  list  for  your  computer.  Any  other  battery 
could  ignite  or  explode. 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  85

--- Page 92 ---
1120  Keyboard  bezel  and  wireless  WAN  antenna  cable  (AUX) 
 
Important 
For  the  compatibility  of  the  keyboard  bezel,  see  “FRU  compatibility  matrix” 
on  page  61.
 For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  63 
v    “1040  Palm  rest  or  palm  rest  with  fingerprint  reader”  on  page  67 
v    “1060  Keyboard”  on  page  75 
v    “1100  PCI  Express  Mini  Card  for  wireless  WAN”  on  page  83
Note:
   The  wireless  WAN  antenna  (AUX)  is  attached  to  the  keyboard  bezel.  When 
removing  it,  remove  the  keyboard  bezel  first.
1
2
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
1  M2  ×  14  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated  (1)  Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm) 
2  M2  ×  19  mm,  bind-head,  nylon-coated  (1)  Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm)
  
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
86  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 93 ---
4
3
4
5
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
3  M2  ×  3  mm,  small-head,  nylon-coated  (1)  Silver  0.167  Nm
(1.7
  kgfcm) 
4  M2  ×  3.5  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated  (2)  Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7
  kgfcm)
  
In  step  5,  release  the  wireless  antenna  cable  from  the  cable  guide.  In  some 
models,  three  cables  may  have  to  be  released  in  this  step. 
In  step  6,  detach  the  claws.  Then  remove  the  keyboard  bezel  in  the  direction 
shown  by  arrow  7. 
7
6
6
6
6
7
  
 
When  installing:   Make  sure  that  all  the  claws  are  attached  firmly.  Then  fasten  the 
screws  to  secure  the  keyboard  bezel. 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  87

--- Page 94 ---
Note:   Steps  8  and  9  are  for  the  wireless  WAN  antenna  cable  (AUX).
8
8
9
  
 
When  installing:   Make  sure  that  the  antenna  cable  is  routed  along  the  cable 
guides.
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
88  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 95 ---
1130  Fan  assembly 
 
Important 
For  the  compatibility  of  the  fan  assembly,  see  “FRU  compatibility  matrix”  on 
page  61.
 For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  63 
v    “1040  Palm  rest  or  palm  rest  with  fingerprint  reader”  on  page  67 
v    “1060  Keyboard”  on  page  75 
v    “1120  Keyboard  bezel  and  wireless  WAN  antenna  cable  (AUX)”  on  page  86
2
1
3
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
1  M2  ×  9.5  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated  (1)  Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm) 
2  M2  ×  3  mm,  small-head,  nylon-coated  (1)  Silver  0.167  Nm
(1.7
  kgfcm)
  
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  89

--- Page 96 ---
4
4
4
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
4  M2  ×  9.5  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated  (3)  Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm)
  
 
Attention:   Do  not  handle  the  fan  roughly.  Improper  handling  of  the  fan  can  cause 
distortion  or  deformation  and  imperfect  contact  with  components.
5
6
  
 
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
90  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 97 ---
When  installing: 
v    Before  you  attach  the  fan  assembly  to  the  computer,  apply  thermal  grease,  at  an 
amount  of  0.2  grams,  on  the  part  marked  a  as  in  the  following  figure.  Either 
too  much  or  too  less  application  of  grease  can  cause  a  thermal  problem  due  to 
imperfect  contact  with  a  component.
a
  
  
v    Make  sure  that  the  fan  connector  is  attached  firmly. 
v    When  attaching  the  fan  assembly  to  the  frame,  take  care  not  to  damage  the  heat 
sink  (b)  of  the  fan  assembly.
b
b
  
 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  91

--- Page 98 ---
v    Attach  the  fan  bracket.
  
  
v    Secure  the  screws  in  order  as  shown  in  this  figure.
 Attention:   Do  not  use  an  electric  screwdriver  to  secure  these  screws.
4
2
3
1
5
  
 
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
92  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 99 ---
1140  CPU 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  63 
v    “1040  Palm  rest  or  palm  rest  with  fingerprint  reader”  on  page  67 
v    “1060  Keyboard”  on  page  75 
v    “1120  Keyboard  bezel  and  wireless  WAN  antenna  cable  (AUX)”  on  page  86 
v    “1130  Fan  assembly”  on  page  89 
Attention:   CPU  is  extremely  sensitive.  When  you  service  the  CPU,  avoid  any 
kind  of  rough  handling. 
Rotate  the  head  of  the  screw  in  the  direction  shown  by  arrow  1  to  release  the 
lock;  then  remove  the  CPU. 
3
1
b
2
a
  
 
When  installing:   Place  the  CPU  on  the  CPU  socket  a,  and  then  rotate  the  head 
of  the  screw  in  the  direction  shown  by  arrow  b  to  secure  the 
CPU.
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  93

--- Page 100 ---
1150  LCD  assembly 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  63 
v    “1040  Palm  rest  or  palm  rest  with  fingerprint  reader”  on  page  67 
v    “1060  Keyboard”  on  page  75 
v    “1080  PCI  Express  Mini  Card  for  802.11  a/b/g  wireless  LAN”  on  page  79 
v    “1100  PCI  Express  Mini  Card  for  wireless  WAN”  on  page  83 
v    “1120  Keyboard  bezel  and  wireless  WAN  antenna  cable  (AUX)”  on  page  86
1
1
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
1  M2  ×  9.5  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated  (2)  Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm)
  
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
94  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 101 ---
For  models  with  14.1-in.  LCD: 
3
3
2
4
4
4
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
3  M2  ×  5  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated  (2)  Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm)
  
In  step  4,  strip  off  the  tapes  securing  the  antenna  cables,  and  release  the  cables 
from  the  cable  guides  of  the  frame. 
When  installing:   Do  not  pinch  the  antenna  cables  when  you  attach  the  LCD 
connector. 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  95

--- Page 102 ---
For  models  with  15.0-in.  LCD: 
3
2
3
3
4
4
4
4
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
3  M2  ×  5  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated  (3)  Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm)
  
In  step  4,  strip  off  the  tapes  securing  the  antenna  cables,  and  release  the  cables 
from  the  cable  guides  of  the  frame. 
When  installing:   Do  not  pinch  the  antenna  cables  when  you  attach  the  LCD 
connector. 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
96  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 103 ---
5
5
When  installing:  
1.    As  you  route  the  cables,  make  sure  that  they  are  not  subjected  to  any  tension. 
Tension  could  cause  the  cables  to  be  damaged  by  the  cable  guides,  or  a  wire  to 
be  broken. 
2.    Make  sure  that  the  LCD  connector  is  attached  firmly.
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  97

--- Page 104 ---
1160  Base  cover 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs,  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  63 
v    “1020  Ultrabay  Slim  device”  on  page  64 
v    “1030  Hard  disk  drive  cover,  hard  disk  drive,  and  hard  disk  drive  rubber  rails” 
on  page  65 
v    “1040  Palm  rest  or  palm  rest  with  fingerprint  reader”  on  page  67 
v    “1060  Keyboard”  on  page  75 
v    “1070  Modem  daughter  card  (MDC-1.5)”  on  page  77 
v    “1080  PCI  Express  Mini  Card  for  802.11  a/b/g  wireless  LAN”  on  page  79 
v    “1100  PCI  Express  Mini  Card  for  wireless  WAN”  on  page  83 
v    “1120  Keyboard  bezel  and  wireless  WAN  antenna  cable  (AUX)”  on  page  86 
v    “1130  Fan  assembly”  on  page  89 
v    “1150  LCD  assembly”  on  page  94 
For  models  with  14.1-in.  LCD: 
1
1
1
1
1
1
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
1  M2  ×  5  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated  (6)  Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm)
  
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
98  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 105 ---
2
3
3
2
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
2  M2  ×  14  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated  (2)  Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm) 
3  M2  ×  3.5  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated  (1)  Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm)
  
Note:   For  the  14.1-in.  LCD  models,  skip  step  4.  Steps  later  5  are  common  for 
the  14.1-in.  LCD  models  and  15.0-in.  LCD  models. 
For  models  with  15.0-in.  LCD: 
1
1
1
1a
1
1
1
1
1a
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
1, 
1a 
M2  ×  5  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated  (8)  Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7
  kgfcm)
  
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  99

--- Page 106 ---
2
3
4
2
3
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
2  M2  ×  14  mm,  blat-head,  nylon-coated  (2)  Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm) 
3  M2  ×  9.5  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated  (1)  Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm) 
4  M2  ×  3.5  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated  (1)  Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm)
  
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
100  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 107 ---
5
6
5
Note:   Screw  6  is  only  for  the  14.1-in.  LCD  models.
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
5  M2  ×  5  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated  (2)  Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm) 
6  M2  ×  3  mm,  small-head,  nylon-coated  (1)  Silver  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm)
  
Note:   Steps  later  7  are  common  for  the  14.1-in.  LCD  models  and  15.0-in.  LCD 
models.
 Attention:   Before  step  7,  be  sure  that  the  Ultrabay  Slim  device  eject  lever  has 
not  popped  out.  It  must  be  housed  in  its  position  as  shown  in  the  figure  a.
a
7
8
  
 
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  101

--- Page 108 ---
Note:  Applying  labels  to  the  base  cover 
The  new  base  cover  FRU  is  shipped  with  a  kit  containing  labels  of  several 
kinds.  When  you  replace  the  base  cover,  you  need  to  apply  the  following 
labels: 
a  Windows  license  label  (COA) 
b  FCC  label 
c  Product  label 
d  FCC  or  homologation  label
For
  some  models,  you  also  need  to  apply  one  or  two  FCC  labels  b.  Check 
the  old  base  cover;  if  it  has  one  or  two  FCC  labels,  find  duplicates  of  them  in 
the  label  kit  and  apply  them  to  the  new  base  cover. 
Apply  the  labels  to  the  base  cover  as  shown  in  this  figure. 
Note:   To  see  the  writing  on  the  labels  in  this  drawing,  zoom  in.
a
dc
b
  
 
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
102  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 109 ---
1170  Speaker  assembly 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  63 
v    “1020  Ultrabay  Slim  device”  on  page  64 
v    “1030  Hard  disk  drive  cover,  hard  disk  drive,  and  hard  disk  drive  rubber  rails” 
on  page  65 
v    “1040  Palm  rest  or  palm  rest  with  fingerprint  reader”  on  page  67 
v    “1060  Keyboard”  on  page  75 
v    “1070  Modem  daughter  card  (MDC-1.5)”  on  page  77 
v    “1080  PCI  Express  Mini  Card  for  802.11  a/b/g  wireless  LAN”  on  page  79 
v    “1100  PCI  Express  Mini  Card  for  wireless  WAN”  on  page  83 
v    “1120  Keyboard  bezel  and  wireless  WAN  antenna  cable  (AUX)”  on  page  86 
v    “1130  Fan  assembly”  on  page  89 
v    “1150  LCD  assembly”  on  page  94 
v    “1160  Base  cover”  on  page  98
1
  
 
When  installing:   Make  sure  that  the  speaker  connector  is  attached  firmly.
2
2
3
3
  
 
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  103

--- Page 110 ---
1180  USB  sub  card  with  cable 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs,  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  63 
v    “1020  Ultrabay  Slim  device”  on  page  64 
v    “1030  Hard  disk  drive  cover,  hard  disk  drive,  and  hard  disk  drive  rubber  rails” 
on  page  65 
v    “1040  Palm  rest  or  palm  rest  with  fingerprint  reader”  on  page  67 
v    “1060  Keyboard”  on  page  75 
v    “1070  Modem  daughter  card  (MDC-1.5)”  on  page  77 
v    “1080  PCI  Express  Mini  Card  for  802.11  a/b/g  wireless  LAN”  on  page  79 
v    “1100  PCI  Express  Mini  Card  for  wireless  WAN”  on  page  83 
v    “1120  Keyboard  bezel  and  wireless  WAN  antenna  cable  (AUX)”  on  page  86 
v    “1130  Fan  assembly”  on  page  89 
v    “1150  LCD  assembly”  on  page  94 
v    “1160  Base  cover”  on  page  98 
In  step  1,  detach  the  connector  and  release  the  cable  from  the  cable  guide  of  the 
frame. 
1
  
 
When  installing:   Make  sure  that  the  connector  1  is  attached  firmly. 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
104  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 111 ---
Turn  over  the  structure  frame  and  proceed  to  step  2. 
5
3
4
5
2
  
 
In  step  4,  remove  the  security  hole  bracket  in  the  direction  of  the  arrow. 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
3  M2  ×  3.5  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated  (1)  Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm) 
5  M2  ×  3.5  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated  (2)  Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7
  kgfcm)
  
6
7
  
 
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  105

--- Page 112 ---
1190  SIM  card  slot 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs,  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  63 
v    “1020  Ultrabay  Slim  device”  on  page  64 
v    “1030  Hard  disk  drive  cover,  hard  disk  drive,  and  hard  disk  drive  rubber  rails” 
on  page  65 
v    “1040  Palm  rest  or  palm  rest  with  fingerprint  reader”  on  page  67 
v    “1060  Keyboard”  on  page  75 
v    “1070  Modem  daughter  card  (MDC-1.5)”  on  page  77 
v    “1080  PCI  Express  Mini  Card  for  802.11  a/b/g  wireless  LAN”  on  page  79 
v    “1100  PCI  Express  Mini  Card  for  wireless  WAN”  on  page  83 
v    “1120  Keyboard  bezel  and  wireless  WAN  antenna  cable  (AUX)”  on  page  86 
v    “1130  Fan  assembly”  on  page  89 
v    “1150  LCD  assembly”  on  page  94 
v    “1160  Base  cover”  on  page  98
Note:
   If  the  SIM  card  has  been  inserted  in  its  slot,  remove  it  before  you  start  the 
servicing.  After  you  finish  the  servicing,  make  sure  that  you  insert  the  card 
back  into  the  slot  firmly.
2
1
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
1  M2  ×  3.5  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated  (1)  Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm)
  
When  installing:   Make  sure  the  connector  2  is  attached  firmly.
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
106  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 113 ---
1200  Structure  frame 
 
Important 
For  the  compatibility  of  the  structure  frame,  see  “FRU  compatibility  matrix” 
on  page  61.
 For  access,  remove  these  FRUs,  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  63 
v    “1020  Ultrabay  Slim  device”  on  page  64 
v    “1030  Hard  disk  drive  cover,  hard  disk  drive,  and  hard  disk  drive  rubber  rails” 
on  page  65 
v    “1040  Palm  rest  or  palm  rest  with  fingerprint  reader”  on  page  67 
v    “1060  Keyboard”  on  page  75 
v    “1070  Modem  daughter  card  (MDC-1.5)”  on  page  77 
v    “1080  PCI  Express  Mini  Card  for  802.11  a/b/g  wireless  LAN”  on  page  79 
v    “1100  PCI  Express  Mini  Card  for  wireless  WAN”  on  page  83 
v    “1120  Keyboard  bezel  and  wireless  WAN  antenna  cable  (AUX)”  on  page  86 
v    “1130  Fan  assembly”  on  page  89 
v    “1150  LCD  assembly”  on  page  94 
v    “1160  Base  cover”  on  page  98 
v    “1190  SIM  card  slot”  on  page  106
1
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
1  M2  ×  3  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated  (1)  Silver  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm)
  
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  107

--- Page 114 ---
Remove  the  ac  power  jack  cable  a  and  the  modem  cable  b. 
2
4
3
4
5
a
b
6
  
 
When  installing:   Make  sure  the  connectors  are  attached  firmly,  and  that  the  cables 
are  routed  as  in  the  figure  above. 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
108  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 115 ---
Remove  the  CPU  support  plate. 
7
8
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
7  M2  ×  5  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated  (1)  Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm)
  
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  109

--- Page 116 ---
9
9
9
9
9
11
11
10
10
9a
9a
9a
10a
9a
a
Note:   Screws  9a  and  10a  are  only  for  the  models  with  15.0-in.  LCD.
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
9  M2  ×  3.5  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated  (7)  Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm) 
9a  M2  ×  3.5  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated  (4)  Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm) 
10  M2  ×  9.5  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated  (2)  Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm) 
10a  M2  ×  9.5  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated  (1)  Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm)
  
In  step  11,  loosen  the  hex  screws. 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
110  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 117 ---
Remove  the  system  board,  the  interposer  card,  and  the  PC  Card/ExpressCard  slots 
assembly  from  the  MG  frame  together. 
12
13
  
 
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  111

--- Page 118 ---
When  attaching  the  system  board  to  the  frame,  do  as  follows: 
1.    Adjust  the  placement  with  the  small  projection  a.  Then  attach  the  CPU 
support  plate  1.
1
a
  
  
2.    Secure  the  screws  in  order  as  shown  in  this  figure.
 Attention:   Do  not  use  an  electric  screwdriver  to  secure  these  screws. 
14.1-in.  LCD  models:
5
9
10
7
6
8
2
3
4
11
12
  
 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
112  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 119 ---
15.0-in.  LCD  models:
9
10
11
14
12
5
7
6
8
2
3
4
13
15
16
17
18
  
 
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  113

--- Page 120 ---
1210  System  board,  PC  Card/ExpressCard  slots  assembly  and 
interposer  card 
 
Important  notices  for  handling  the  system  board 
When  handling  the  system  board,  bear  the  following  in  mind. 
v    At  every  point  in  the  process,  be  sure  not  to  drop  or  stack  the  system 
board. 
v    The  system  board  has  an  accelerometer,  which  can  be  broken  by  applying 
several  thousands  of  G-forces.
Note:
   Dropping  a  system  board  from  a  height  of  as  little  as  6  inches  so 
that  it  falls  flat  on  a  hard  bench  can  subject  the  accelerometer  to  as 
much  as  6,000  G’s  of  shock. 
v    Be  careful  not  to  drop  the  system  board  on  a  bench  top  that  has  a  hard 
surface,  such  as  metal,  wood,  or  composite. 
v    If  a  system  board  is  dropped,  you  must  test  it,  using  PC-Doctor  for  DOS,  to 
make  sure  that  the  HDD  Active  Protection  still  functions  (see  below).
Note:
   If  the  test  shows  that  HDD  Active  Protection  is  not  functioning,  be 
sure  to  document  the  drop  in  any  reject  report,  and  replace  the 
system  board. 
v    Avoid  rough  handling  of  any  kind. 
v    If  you  put  a  system  board  down,  be  sure  to  put  it  only  on  a  padded 
surface  such  as  an  ESD  mat  or  conductive  corrugated  material. 
After  replacing  the  system  board,  run  PC-Doctor  for  DOS  to  make  sure  that 
HDD  Active  Protection  still  functions.  The  procedure  is  as  follows: 
1.    Place  the  computer  on  a  horizontal  surface. 
2.    Run  Diagnostics  -->  ThinkPad  Devices  -->  HDD  Active  Protection  Test.
 Attention:   Do  not  apply  physical  shock  to  the  computer  while  the  test  is 
running.
 For  access,  remove  these  FRUs,  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  63 
v    “1020  Ultrabay  Slim  device”  on  page  64 
v    “1030  Hard  disk  drive  cover,  hard  disk  drive,  and  hard  disk  drive  rubber  rails” 
on  page  65 
v    “1040  Palm  rest  or  palm  rest  with  fingerprint  reader”  on  page  67 
v    “1050  DIMM”  on  page  74 
v    “1060  Keyboard”  on  page  75 
v    “1070  Modem  daughter  card  (MDC-1.5)”  on  page  77 
v    “1080  PCI  Express  Mini  Card  for  802.11  a/b/g  wireless  LAN”  on  page  79 
v    “1100  PCI  Express  Mini  Card  for  wireless  WAN”  on  page  83 
v    “1120  Keyboard  bezel  and  wireless  WAN  antenna  cable  (AUX)”  on  page  86 
v    “1130  Fan  assembly”  on  page  89 
v    “1140  CPU”  on  page  93 
v    “1150  LCD  assembly”  on  page  94 
v    “1160  Base  cover”  on  page  98 
v    “1190  SIM  card  slot”  on  page  106 
v    “1200  Structure  frame”  on  page  107
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
114  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 121 ---
Following  components  soldered  on  the  top  side  of  the  system  board  are  extremely 
sensitive.  When  you  service  the  system  board,  avoid  any  kind  of  rough  handling. 
a  Accelerometer  chip  for  the  HDD  Active  Protection  System 
b  Security  chip 
c  CPU 
d  Video  chip 
e  MCH  (Memory  Controller  Hub) 
f  ICH  (I/O  Controller  Hub)
 Bending  or  flexing  the  system  board  can  cause  ball  grid  array  (BGA)  connections 
to  crack  (unzip). 
a
b
c
d
e
f
  
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  115

--- Page 122 ---
1
1
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
1  M2  ×  3  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated  (2)  Silver  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm)
  
Turn  the  system  board  over,  and  then  disconnect  the  PC  Card/ExpressCard  slots 
assembly  a  and  the  interposer  card  b  from  the  system  board. 
Note:   Step  3  is  only  for  models  with  a  15.0-in.  LCD.  Other  models  do  not  have 
the  interposer  card  b.
2
a
b
3
  
 
When  installing:   Make  sure  that  the  connectors  of  the  PC  Card/Express  Card  slot 
assembly  and  of  the  interposer  card  are  attached  to  the  system 
board  firmly.
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
116  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 123 ---
2010  LCD  front  bezel 
For  access,  remove  this  FRU: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  63 
For  14.1-in.  LCD  models: 
3
2
2
1
1
2
3
3
  
 
 
Step  Screw  cap  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
1 
 
M2  ×  4  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated 
(2) 
Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm) 
2 
 
M2  ×  4  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated 
(3) 
Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm) 
3 
 
M2.5  ×  4.8  mm,  bind-head, 
nylon-coated  (3) 
Black  0.392  Nm
(4  kgfcm)
  
In  step  5,  while  sliding  the  LCD  latch  lever  in  the  direction  shown  by  the  arrow, 
remove  the  bezel  in  the  direction  shown  by  arrow  6. 
5
6
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
  
 
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  117

--- Page 124 ---
For  15.0-in.  LCD  models: 
1
1
1
  
 
 
Step  Screw  cap  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
1 
 
M2  ×  4  mm,  bind-head, 
nylon-coated  (3) 
Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm)
  
In  step  3,  while  sliding  the  LCD  latch  lever  in  the  direction  shown  by  the  arrow, 
remove  the  bezel  in  the  direction  shown  by  arrow  4. 
3
4
2
2
2
2
2
2
2
2
  
 
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
118  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 125 ---
2020  Inverter  card 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  63 
v    “2010  LCD  front  bezel”  on  page  117
3
2
1
4
  
 
Note:   Step  1  is  only  for  the  models  with  14.1-in.  LCD.  Inverter  card  in  the 
models  with  15.0-in.  LCD  does  not  have  the  screw  1.
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
1  M2  ×  4  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated  (1)  Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm)
  
When  installing:   Make  sure  that  connectors  3  and  4  are  attached  firmly.
Cable
  routing:   When  replacing  the  inverter  card,  route  the  connector  cable  as  in 
this  figure:
  
 
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  119

--- Page 126 ---
2030  Bluetooth  daughter  card  (BDC-2) 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  63 
v    “2010  LCD  front  bezel”  on  page  117
1
2
  
 
For  14.1-in.  LCD  models: 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
1  M2  ×  4  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated  (1)  Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm)
  
For  15.0-in.  LCD  models: 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
1  M2  ×  4  mm,  bind-head,  nylon-coated  (1)  Black  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm)
  
When  installing:   Make  sure  that  connector  is  attached  firmly.
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
120  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 127 ---
2040  Wireless  WAN  antenna  cable  (MAIN)  or  wireless  WAN 
blank  cover 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  63 
v    “1040  Palm  rest  or  palm  rest  with  fingerprint  reader”  on  page  67 
v    “1060  Keyboard”  on  page  75 
v    “1080  PCI  Express  Mini  Card  for  802.11  a/b/g  wireless  LAN”  on  page  79 
v    “1100  PCI  Express  Mini  Card  for  wireless  WAN”  on  page  83 
v    “1120  Keyboard  bezel  and  wireless  WAN  antenna  cable  (AUX)”  on  page  86 
v    “1150  LCD  assembly”  on  page  94 
v    “2010  LCD  front  bezel”  on  page  117 
v    “2020  Inverter  card”  on  page  119 
v    “2030  Bluetooth  daughter  card  (BDC-2)”  on  page  120 
For  14.1-in.  LCD  models: 
Note:   The  red  cable  is  the  wireless  WAN  antenna  cable  (MAIN).  The  blank  cover 
of  the  wireless  WAN  does  not  have  this  cable.
1
1
  
 
When  installing:   When  routing  the  antenna  cable,  do  not  tense  the  cable.  To  do 
so,  the  cable  may  get  damaged  by  the  hinge,  and  may  cause  a 
broken  wire. 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  121

--- Page 128 ---
Note:   Some  ThinkPad  computers  do  not  have  the  screws  in  step  2.  Both  for  the 
computer  that  has  the  two  screws  and  for  the  computer  that  does  not  have 
the  two  screws,  you  do  not  need  to  attach  the  screws  when  you  reinstall  the 
antenna  cable.
3
2
2
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
2  M2  ×  2.8  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated  (2)  Silver  0.118  Nm
(1.2  kgfcm) 
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
122  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 129 ---
For  15.0-in.  LCD  models: 
Note:   Red  cable  is  the  wireless  WAN  antenna  cable  (MAIN).  Wireless  WAN  blank 
cover  does  not  have  the  cable.
1
  
 
When  installing:   As  you  route  the  cables,  make  sure  that  they  are  not  subjected  to 
any  tension.  Tension  could  cause  the  cables  to  be  damaged  by 
the  cable  guides,  or  a  wire  to  be  broken.
2
  
 
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  123

--- Page 130 ---
2050  LCD  panel,  LCD  cable,  and  hinges 
 
Important 
For  the  compatibility  of  the  hinges,  see  “FRU  compatibility  matrix”  on  page 
61.
 For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  63 
v    “1040  Palm  rest  or  palm  rest  with  fingerprint  reader”  on  page  67 
v    “1060  Keyboard”  on  page  75 
v    “1100  PCI  Express  Mini  Card  for  wireless  WAN”  on  page  83 
v    “1120  Keyboard  bezel  and  wireless  WAN  antenna  cable  (AUX)”  on  page  86 
v    “1150  LCD  assembly”  on  page  94 
v    “2010  LCD  front  bezel”  on  page  117 
v    “2020  Inverter  card”  on  page  119 
v    “2030  Bluetooth  daughter  card  (BDC-2)”  on  page  120 
v    “2040  Wireless  WAN  antenna  cable  (MAIN)  or  wireless  WAN  blank  cover”  on 
page  121
2
1
3
  
 
(continued) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
124  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 131 ---
4
4
5
5
a
a
4
4
Remove  the  hinges  (a)  from  the  LCD  panel. 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
4  M2  ×  2.8  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated  (4)  Silver  0.167  Nm
(1.7  kgfcm)
  
Remove  the  LCD  cable  assembly  (b)  from  the  LCD  panel. 
6
7
b
  
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  125

--- Page 132 ---
When  installing:   When  attaching  the  LCD  panel,  be  sure  not  to  pinch  the  antenna 
cables,  and  make  sure  that  the  cables  are  routed  as  shown  in 
these  figures. 
For  14.1-in.  LCD  models: 
  
 
For  15.0-in.  LCD  models: 
  
 
 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
126  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 133 ---
2060  LCD  rear  cover  and  wireless  LAN  antenna  cables 
For  access,  remove  these  FRUs  in  order: 
v    “1010  Battery  pack”  on  page  63 
v    “1040  Palm  rest  or  palm  rest  with  fingerprint  reader”  on  page  67 
v    “1060  Keyboard”  on  page  75 
v    “1100  PCI  Express  Mini  Card  for  wireless  WAN”  on  page  83 
v    “1120  Keyboard  bezel  and  wireless  WAN  antenna  cable  (AUX)”  on  page  86 
v    “1150  LCD  assembly”  on  page  94 
v    “2010  LCD  front  bezel”  on  page  117 
v    “2020  Inverter  card”  on  page  119 
v    “2030  Bluetooth  daughter  card  (BDC-2)”  on  page  120 
v    “2040  Wireless  WAN  antenna  cable  (MAIN)  or  wireless  WAN  blank  cover”  on 
page  121
Note:
   Step  1  is  only  for  the  models  with  14.1-in.  LCD  models.
1
1
2
1
1
2
  
 
 
Step  Screw  (quantity)  Color  Torque 
1  M2  ×  2.8  mm,  flat-head,  nylon-coated  (4)  Silver  0.118  Nm
(1.2  kgfcm) 
Removing  and  replacing  a  FRU
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  127

--- Page 134 ---
Locations 
Front  view 
 
1  ThinkLight 
2  Status  indicators
Note:  For  the  description  of  each  indicator,  see  “Status  indicators”  on  page 
41. 
3  Wireless  WAN  antenna 
4  Security  key  hole 
5  Universal  serial  bus  (USB)  connectors 
6  Ultrabay  Slim  status  indicator 
7  Ultrabay  Slim  latch 
8  Ultrabay  Slim  device  eject  lever 
9  Ultrabay  Slim 
10  Fingerprint  reader  (for  some  models) 
11  TrackPoint  pointing  stick 
12  TrackPoint  buttons 
13  Touch  pad  buttons 
14  Touch  pad 
15  UltraNav 
16  ThinkVantage  button 
17  Volume  control  buttons 
18  Power  switch
2
3
14
10
12
13
17
18
1
11
4
6
5
8
9
7
15
16
  
 
 
Locations
 
128  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 135 ---
Rear  view 
 
1  Status  indicators
Note:  For  the  description  of  each  indicator,  see  “Status  indicators”  on  page 
41. 
2  PC  Card/ExpressCard  slots  eject  buttons 
3  PC  Card/ExpressCard  slots 
4  USB  connector 
5  Stereo  headphone  jack 
6  Microphone  jack 
7  RJ-45  (Ethernet)  connector 
8  RJ-11  (modem)  connector 
9  External  monitor  connector 
10  AC  power  connector
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
  
 
Bottom  view 
 
1  Battery  pack 
2  Battery  pack  latch 
3  Docking  connector 
4  Infrared  port 
5  Wireless  radio  switch 
6  Stereo  speakers 
7  LCD  cover  latch 
8  Hard  disk  drive
8
1
2
3
4
5
7
6
  
 
Locations
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  129

--- Page 136 ---
Parts  list 
Overall 
10
9
11
12
16
1
2
3
4
8
b
6
5
7
13
14
15
25
26
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
c
a
d
27
  
 
 
Parts  list
 
130  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 137 ---
v    Each  FRU  is  available  for  all  types  or  models,  unless  specific  types  or  models  are 
specified. 
v    FRU  with  specific  models  listed  and  described  as  xxU  (where  U  is  an  example  of 
a  country  designator)  should  be  used  for  all  models  ending  in  U. 
v    FRU  with  specific  models  listed  and  described  as  3Dx  (where  3D  is  an  example 
of  a  unique  configuration)  should  be  used  for  all  of  these  models,  unless  specific 
country  or  region  designator  is  specified. 
v    A  CRU  (customer  replaceable  unit)  is  identified  by  a  single  asterisk  (*)  or  two 
asterisks  (**)  in  the  CRU  ID  column.  An  N  in  the  CRU  ID  column  means  the 
part  is  not  a  CRU.  A  single  asterisk  (*)  means  the  part  is  a  Tier  1  CRU;  two 
asterisks  (**)  means  the  part  is  a  Tier  2  CRU. 
A  tier  1  CRU  is  very  easy  to  remove  and  replace.  It  can  be  done  by  virtually  all 
customers.  A  tier  2  CRU  may  require  the  use  of  a  common  tool  to  remove  and 
replace  it. 
v    A  RoHS  compliant  FRU  is  identified  by  an  R.  An  N  in  the  RoHS  ID  column 
means  the  part  is  not  a  RoHS  compliant  FRU. 
v    FRUs  marked  with  OP  are  available  as  options.
 
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
a  -  d  See  “Miscellaneous  parts”  on  page  213. 
1  LCD  unit  (see  “LCD  FRUs”  on  page  171.) 
2  Wireless  WAN  antenna  for  14.1-in.  LCD  models 
v    1951-CTO,  4Dx,  4Kx 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  EBx,  ECx,  EMx,  ENx,  EVx,  EWx,  EYx,  EZx, 
H3x,  H4x,  H6x,  H7x 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  47x,  4Bx,  64x,  67x,  6Kx,  84x,  8Ex 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  EPx,  EQx,  ERx,  ESx,  H6x,  H7x,  H8x,  H9x, 
HTx,  HUx,  HVx,  HZx,  L2x,  L3x,  L7x,  L8x,  LBx,  LCx, 
LDx,  LHx,  LJx,  LKx,  LPx,  LQx 
v    2623-CTO,  D2x,  D5x,  D7x,  D8x,  DSx,  DQx,  KFx,  LBx, 
LHx,  P3x 
v    2637-CTO 
42W2670  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  131

--- Page 138 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
2  Wireless  WAN  antenna  for  14.1-in.  LCD,  Vodafone 
models 
v    1951-CTO,  4Ex,  64x,  FBx 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Yx,  69x,  6Nx,  6Xx,  88x,  F3x, 
FAx,  FDx,  FNx,  FXx,  G7x,  M6x,  PHx,  PVx 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO,  KHx,  Q3x 
v    2637-CTO 
91P7028  R  N 
Wireless  WAN  antenna  for  15.0-in.  LCD  models 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  EXx,  H2x,  H5x,  H8x 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  58x,  74x,  94x 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  ETx,  HXx,  HWx,  HYx,  L4x,  L5x,  L6x,  LEx, 
LFx,  LGx,  LLx,  LMx,  LNx 
v    2623-CTO,  D3x,  DBx,  DCx,  DDx 
v    2637-CTO 
91P6989  R  N 
Wireless  WAN  antenna  for  15.0-in.  LCD,  Vodafone 
models 
v    1951-CTO,  73x,  74x,  PCx,  PFx 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO,  DGx 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  7Cx,  7Hx,  7Rx,  98x,  99x,  F5x,  F7x,  FGx, 
N4x,  PXx 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO,  Q9x 
v    2637-CTO 
91P7029  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
132  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 139 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
3  Keyboard  bezel  assembly  (14.1-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  22x,  24x,  23x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax, 
2Bx,  2Cx,  2Dx,  2Ex,  2Fx,  2Gx,  2Hx,  2Jx,  2Kx,  2Lx, 
2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  42x, 
43x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Ex, 
4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx, 
4Tx,  4Ux,  62x,  64x,  65x,  66x,  67x,  82x,  83x,  84x,  85x, 
86x,  A2x,  C2x,  F2x,  F3x,  F6x,  F7x,  F9x,  FBx,  FCx,  G2x, 
G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  G6x,  PBx,  PDx,  PEx,  PNx 
v    1952-CTO,  24x,  2Sx,  2Qx,  2Rx,  43x,  44x,  45x,  4Gx, 
4Mx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Tx,  C2x 
v    1953-CTO,  D2x,  D5x,  D6x,  D9x,  DBx,  DDx,  E2x,  E3x, 
E4x,  E5x,  E6x,  E7x,  EBx,  ECx,  EFx,  EGx,  EHx,  EMx, 
ENx,  EPx,  EQx,  ESx,  ETx,  EVx,  EWx,  EYx,  EZx,  H3x, 
H4x,  H6x,  H7x,  H9x,  HAx,  P3x,  PKx 
v    1954-CTO,  2Mx,  2Px,  63x,  DEx,  DFx,  G2x,  G3x,  G4x, 
G5x,  P4x,  P5x,  P8x,  PBx,  PHx,  PJx,  PLx,  PMx,  PQx 
v    1955-CTO,  43x 
v    1956-CTO,  43x 
v    2007-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax, 
2Bx,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx, 
4Cx,  4Dx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx, 
4Nx,  4Px,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Tx,  4Ux,  4Vx,  4Yx,  62x,  63x, 
64x,  65x,  66x,  67x,  68x,  69x,  6Ax,  6Bx,  6Cx,  6Dx,  6Ex, 
6Fx,  6Jx,  6Kx,  6Lx,  6Mx,  6Nx,  6Px,  6Qx,  6Rx,  6Sx,  6Tx, 
6Ux,  6Vx,  6Wx,  6Xx,  6Yx,  6Zx,  82x,  83x,  84x,  85x,  86x, 
87x,  88x,  89x,  8Ax,  8Bx,  8Dx,  8Ex,  8Fx,  8Gx,  8Hx,  8Jx, 
8Lx,  8Mx,  8Nx,  8Px,  8Rx,  8Tx,  8Yx,  8Zx,  A2x,  A3x, 
A4x,  A5x,  C2x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  F2x,  F3x,  FAx,  FCx, 
FDx,  FEx,  FJx,  FNx,  FQx,  FRx,  FUx,  FXx,  G2x,  G3x, 
G4x,  G5x,  G6x,  G7x,  G8x,  G9x,  GAx,  GBx,  GCx,  GDx, 
GEx,  GFx,  GGx,  GHx,  GJx,  GKx,  M2x,  M3x,  M4x, 
M5x,  M5x,  M7x,  M8x,  P9x,  PBx,  PFx,  PHx,  PJx,  PKx, 
PMx,  PPx,  PQx,  PRx,  PSx,  PTx,  PUx,  PVx,  PYx,  QEx 
v    2008-CTO,  42x,  43x,  44x,  46x,  49x,  4Ax,  66x,  6Qx,  83x, 
87x,  8Dx,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Kx,  8Lx,  8Zx,  C2x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x, 
G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  GAx,  GBx,  GCx,  GDx,  GEx,  PDx 
v    2009-CTO,  42x,  83x 
v    2613-CTO,  E2x,  E3x,  E4x,  E5x,  E6x,  E7x,  E8x,  E9x, 
EAx,  EBx,  ECx,  EDx,  EEx,  EPx,  EQx,  ERx,  ESx,  H2x, 
H3x,  H6x,  H7x,  H8x,  H9x,  HBx,  HCx,  HDx,  HHx, 
HJx,  HKx,  HPx,  HQx,  HTx,  HUx,  HVx,  HZx,  K9x, 
KAx,  L2x,  L3x,  L7x,  LBx,  LCx,  LDx,  LHx,  LJx,  LKx, 
LPx,  LQx,  LTx,  LVx,  LWx,  Q5x 
v    2623-CTO,  8Kx,  8Yx,  D2x,  D4x,  D5x,  D6x,  D7x,  D8x, 
DFx,  DQx,  DRx,  DSx,  GHx,  GJx,  K5x,  K6x,  KEx,  KFx, 
KHx,  M3x,  P2x,  P3x,  P4x,  P6x,  P8x,  PKx,  PMx,  PZx, 
Q2x,  Q3x,  Q4x,  Q6x,  Q7x,  QBx,  QCx 
v    2637-CTO,  42x,  83x 
42W2225  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  133

--- Page 140 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
3  Keyboard  bezel  assembly  (15.0-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  32x,  33x,  34x,  36x,  35x,  37x,  38x,  39x,  3Ax, 
3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex,  3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx, 
3Mx,  52x,  53x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  57x,  58x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Bx, 
72x,  73x,  74x,  75x,  76x,  F4x,  F5x,  F8x,  FAx,  FEx,  PAx, 
PCx,  PFx,  PGx,  PPx 
v    1952-CTO,  3Gx,  52x,  58x 
v    1953-CTO,  D3x,  D4x,  D7x,  DAx,  DCx,  E8x,  E9x,  EAx, 
EJx,  EKx,  ELx,  ERx,  EUx,  EXx,  H2x,  H5x,  H8x,  HBx 
v    1954-CTO,  52x,  DGx,  P6x,  P7x,  P9x 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x,  38x,  39x,  52x, 
53x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  57x,  58x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Bx,  5Cx,  5Dx, 
5Ex,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Hx,  5Jx,  5Kx,  5Lx,  5Mx,  5Nx,  5Qx, 
5Rx,  5Tx,  5Ux,  5Vx,  5Wx,  5Xx,  72x,  73x,  74x,  75x,  76x, 
77x,  78x,  79x,  7Ax,  7Cx,  7Dx,  7Ex,  7Fx,  7Hx,  7Jx,  7Kx, 
7Lx,  7Mx,  7Nx,  7Px,  7Rx,  7Vx,  7Wx,  7Xx,  92x,  93x, 
94x,  95x,  96x,  97x,  98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Cx,  9Ex,  9Gx, 
9Zx,  B2x,  B3x,  B4x,  B5x,  C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  F4x,  F5x,  F6x, 
F7x,  F8x,  F9x,  FBx,  FFx,  FGx,  FHx,  FKx,  FLx,  FPx, 
FVx,  J2x,  J3x,  J4x,  J5x,  J6x,  N2x,  N3x,  N4x,  N5x,  PAx, 
PCx,  PGx,  PLx,  PWx,  PXx,  QGx 
v    2008-CTO,  55x,  56x,  5Tx,  7Jx,  7Kx,  93x,  9Ex,  9Zx,  C6x, 
C7x,  C8x,  J2x,  J3x,  PEx,  PNx 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  EFx,  EGx,  EHx,  EJx,  EKx,  ELx,  EMx,  ENx, 
ETx,  H4x,  H5x,  HEx,  HFx,  HGx,  HLx,  HMx,  HNx, 
HWx,  HXx,  HYx,  KBx,  KCx,  L5x,  L6x,  LEx,  LFx,  LGx, 
LLx,  LMx,  LNx,  LUx 
v    2623-CTO,  7Qx,  7Ux,  7Xx,  D3x,  D9x,  DAx,  DBx,  DCx, 
DDx,  DTx,  K7x,  K8x,  KJx,  KKx,  P5x,  P7x,  Q8x,  Q9x, 
QAx 
v    2637-CTO 
42W2226  R  N 
4  Palm  rest  assembly  without  fingerprint  reader  (14.1-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  2Jx,  2Kx,  2Nx,  2Qx,  2Ux,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Lx, 
4Mx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Ux,  65x,  66x,  82x,  84x,  86x,  PDx 
v    1952-CTO,  2Qx,  4Gx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  4Px 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO,  DEx,  PHx,  PMx 
v    1955-CTO,  43x 
v    1956-CTO,  43x 
v    2007-CTO,  6Mx,  8Fx,  G3x,  G8x,  GAx,  M4x,  PPx,  PTx 
v    2008-CTO,  G3x,  GAx 
v    2009-CTO,  42x 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO 
v    2637-CTO,  42x 
41V9905  R  **
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
134  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 141 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
4  Palm  rest  assembly  with  fingerprint  reader  (14.1-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  23x,  27x,  28x,  2Ax,  2Bx,  2Cx,  2Ex,  2Fx,  2Gx, 
2Hx,  2Lx,  2Mx,  2Px,  2Rx,  2Sx,  2Tx,  2Vx,  44x,  45x,  48x, 
49x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Ex,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx, 
62x,  64x,  67x,  83x,  85x,  A2x,  C2x,  F2x,  F3x,  F6x,  F7x, 
F9x,  FBx,  FCx,  FDx,  G2x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  G6x,  PBx, 
PEx,  PNx 
v    1952-CTO,  2Rx,  2Sx,  44x,  45x,  C2x 
v    1953-CTO,  D6x,  D9x,  DBx,  DDx,  E2x,  E3x,  E4x,  E5x, 
E6x,  E7x,  EBx,  ECx,  EFx,  EGx,  EHx,  EMx,  ENx,  EPx, 
EQx,  ESx,  ETx,  EVx,  EWx,  EYx,  EZx,  H3x,  H4x,  H6x, 
H7x,  H9x,  HAx,  P3x,  PKx 
v    1954-CTO,  2Mx,  2Px,  63x,  DFx,  G2x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x, 
P4x,  P5x,  P8x,  PBx,  PJx,  PLx,  PQx 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax,  2Bx,  43x, 
46x,  47x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Dx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx, 
4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Tx,  4Ux, 
4Vx,  4Yx,  62x,  63x,  64x,  65x,  67x,  68x,  69x,  6Ax,  6Bx, 
6Cx,  6Ex,  6Fx,  6Jx,  6Kx,  6Lx,  6Nx,  6Px,  6Qx,  6Rx,  6Sx, 
6Tx,  6Ux,  6Vx,  6Wx,  6Xx,  6Yx,  6Zx,  82x,  83x,  84x,  85x, 
86x,  88x,  89x,  8Ax,  8Bx,  8Dx,  8Ex,  8Gx,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Lx, 
8Mx,  8Nx,  8Px,  8Rx,  8Tx,  8Zx,  8Yx,  A2x,  A3x,  A4x, 
A5x,  C2x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  F3x,  FAx,  FCx,  FDx,  FEx, 
FJx,  FQx,  FRx,  FTx,  FUx,  FNx,  FXx,  G2x,  G4x,  G5x, 
G6x,  G7x,  G9x,  GBx,  GCx,  GDx,  GEx,  GFx,  GGx, 
GHx,  GJx,  GKx,  M2x,  M3x,  M5x,  M6x,  M7x,  M8x,  P9x, 
PBx,  PFx,  PHx,  PJx,  PKx,  PMx,  PQx,  PRx,  PSx,  PUx, 
PVx,  PYx,  QEx 
v    2008-CTO,  43x,  46x,  4Ax,  6Qx,  83x,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Kx,  8Lx, 
C2x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  G4x,  G5x,  GBx,  GCx,  GEx,  GDx, 
PDx 
v    2009-CTO,  83x 
v    2613-CTO,  E2x,  E3x,  E4x,  E5x,  E6x,  E7x,  E8x,  E9x, 
EAx,  EBx,  ECx,  EDx,  EEx,  EQx,  ERx,  ESx,  EPx,  H2x, 
H3x,  H6x,  H7x,  H8x,  H9x,  HBx,  HCx,  HDx,  HHx, 
HJx,  HKx,  HPx,  HQx,  HTx,  HUx,  HVx,  HZx,  K9x, 
KAx,  L2x,  L3x,  L7x,  L8x,  LBx,  LCx,  LDx,  LHx,  LJx, 
LKx,  LPx,  LQx,  LTx,  LVx,  LWx,  Q5x 
v    2623-CTO,  8Kx,  8Yx,  D2x,  D4x,  D5x,  D6x,  D7x,  D8x, 
DFx,  DQx,  DRx,  DSx,  GHx,  GJx,  K5x,  K6x,  KEx,  KFx, 
KHx,  M3x,  P2x,  P3x,  P4x,  P6x,  P8x,  PKx,  PMx,  PZx, 
Q2x,  3x,  Q4x,  Q6x,  Q7x,  QBx,  QCx 
v    2637-CTO,  83x 
42W3009  R  **
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  135

--- Page 142 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
4  Palm  rest  assembly  without  fingerprint  reader  (15.0-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  3Ex,  3Fx,  3Kx,  75x 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  D3x,  D4x 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  32x,  52x,  54x,  57x,  5Hx,  5Qx,  5Rx,  73x,  96x, 
N2x 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO 
v    2637-CTO 
41V9907  R  ** 
Palm  rest  assembly  with  fingerprint  reader  (15.0-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  32x,  37x,  38x,  39x,  3Ax,  3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx, 
3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Lx,  3Mx,  52x,  53x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  57x, 
58x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Bx,  72x,  73x,  74x,  76x,  F4x,  F5x,  F8x, 
FEx,  PAx,  PCx,  PFx,  PGx,  PPx 
v    1952-CTO,  3Gx,  52x,  58x 
v    1953-CTO,  D7x,  DAx,  DCx,  E8x,  E9x,  EAx,  EJx,  EKx, 
ELx,  ERx,  EUx,  EXx,  H2x,  H5x,  H8x,  HBx 
v    1954-CTO,  52x,  DGx,  P6x,  P7x,  P9x 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x,  38x,  39x,  53x,  55x, 
58x,  56x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Bx,  5Cx,  5Dx,  5Ex,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Jx, 
5Kx,  5Lx,  5Mx,  5Nx,  5Tx,  5Ux,  5Vx,  5Wx,  5Xx,  5Yx, 
72x,  74x,  75x,  76x,  77x,  78x,  79x,  7Ax,  7Cx,  7Dx,  7Ex, 
7Fx,  7Hx,  7Jx,  7Kx,  7Lx,  7Mx,  7Nx,  7Px,  7Rx,  7Sx,  7Vx, 
7Wx,  7Xx,  92x,  93x,  94x,  95x,  97x,  98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx, 
9Cx,  9Ex,  9Gx,  9Zx,  B2x,  B3x,  B4x,  B5x,  C6x,  C7x,  C8x, 
F4x,  F5x,  F6x,  F7x,  F8x,  F9x,  FBx,  FFx,  FGx,  FHx,  FLx, 
FPx,  FSx,  FVx,  J2x,  J3x,  J4x,  J5x,  J6x,  N3x,  N4x,  N5x, 
PAx,  PCx,  PGx,  PLx,  PWx,  PXx,  QGx 
v    2008-CTO,  55x,  56x,  5Tx,  7Jx,  7Kx,  93x,  9Ex,  9Zx,  C6x, 
C7x,  C8x,  J2x,  J3x,  PEx,  PNx 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  EFx,  EGx,  EHx,  EJx,  EKx,  ELx,  EMx,  ENx, 
ETx,  H4x,  H5x,  HEx,  HFx,  HGx,  HLx,  HMx,  HNx, 
HWx,  HXx,  HYx,  KBx,  KCx,  L4x,  L5x,  L6x,  LEx,  LFx, 
LGx,  LLx,  LMx,  LNx,  LUx 
v    2623-CTO,  7Qx,  7Ux,  D3x,  D9x,  DAx,  DBx,  DCx,  DDx, 
DTx,  K7x,  K8x,  KJx,  KKx,  P5x,  P7x,  Q9x,  Q9x,  QAx 
v    2637-CTO 
42W3011  R  ** 
5  SIM  card  slot  41W1353  R  N 
6  Modem  daughter  card  (MDC-1.5)  39T0495  R  **
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
136  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 143 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
7  ThinkPad  11a/b/g  Wireless  LAN  Mini  PCI  Express  Adapter 
v    1951-CTO,  3Kx,  3Lx,  72x,  82x,  83x,  85x,  G3x,  G4x,  PBx 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO,  G3x,  G4x,  PBx,  PLx 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Tx,  5Hx,  5Jx,  5Kx,  5Lx,  5Mx,  5Rx,  62x,  6Ex,  6Fx,  6Jx, 
6Xx,  6Zx,  79x,  7Ax,  7Rx,  7Vx,  86x,  8Bx,  92x,  9Bx,  9Cx,  FNx,  PHx,  PMx 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO,  PMx 
v    2637-CTO 
xxB,  xxC,  xxF,  xxG,  xxH,  xxL,  xxM,  xxP,  xxQ,  xxS, 
xxU,  xxY 
39T5578  R  ** 
xxE,  xxJ  39T5579  R  ** 
xxV  39T5580  R  ** 
xxA,  xxT  (802.11  b/g)  39T5581  R  ** 
xxK  39T5582  R  **
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  137

--- Page 144 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
7  Intel  PRO  Wireless  3945ABG  Mini-PCI  Express  Adapter 
v    1951-CTO,  22x,  24x,  23x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax,  2Bx,  2Cx,  2Ex,  2Fx,  2Gx,  2Hx, 
2Jx,  2Kx,  2Lx,  2Mx,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x,  38x, 
39x,  3Ax,  3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex,  3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Mx,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  48x, 
49x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx, 
4Tx,  4Ux,  52x,  53x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  57x,  58x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Bx,  62x,  64x,  65x,  66x,  67x, 
73x,  74x,  75x,  76x,  C2x,  F2x,  F3x,  F4x,  F5x,  F6x,  F7x,  F8x,  F9x,  FAx,  FBx,  FCx,  FEx, 
G2x,  PAx,  PCx,  PDx,  PEx,  PFx,  PGx,  PNx,  PPx 
v    1952-CTO,  24x,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx,  3Gx,  43x,  44x,  45x,  4Gx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Tx,  52x, 
58x,  C2x 
v    1953-CTO,  D2x,  D3x,  D4x,  D5x,  D6x,  D7x,  D9x,  DAx,  DBx,  DCx,  DDx,  P3x,  PKx 
v    1954-CTO,  2Mx,  2Px,  52x,  DEx,  DFx,  DGx,  G2x,  P4x,  P5x,  P6x,  P7x,  P8x,  P9x,  PHx, 
PJx,  PMx,  PQx 
v    1955-CTO,  43x 
v    1956-CTO,  43x 
v    2007-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax,  2Bx,  32x,  33x,  34x,  45x,  36x, 
37x,  38x,  39x,  42x,  43x,  45x,  46x,  47x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Dx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx, 
4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Ux,  4Vx,  4Yx,  52x,  53x,  54x,  56x,  57x,  58x,  59x, 
5Ax,  5Bx,  5Cx,  5Dx,  5Ex,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Nx,  5Qx,  5Tx,  5Ux,  5Vx,  5Wx,  5Xx,  5Yx,  63x, 
64x,  65x,  66x,  67x,  68x,  69x,  6Ax,  6Bx,  6Cx,  6Dx,  6Kx,  6Lx,  6Mx,  6Nx,  6Px,  6Qx, 
6Rx,  6Sx,  6Tx,  6Ux,  6Vx,  6Wx,  6Yx,  72x,  73x,  74x,  75x,  76x,  77x,  78x,  7Cx,  7Dx,  7Ex, 
7Fx,  7Hx,  7Jx,  7Kx,  7Lx,  7Mx,  7Nx,  7Sx,  7Px,  7Wx,  7Xx,  82x,  83x,  84x,  85x,  87x,  88x, 
89x,  8Ax,  8Dx,  8Ex,  8Fx,  8Gx,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Lx,  8Mx,  8Nx,  8Px,  8Yx,  8Zx,  93x,  94x, 
95x,  96x,  97x,  98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Ex,  9Gx,  9Zx,  C2x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  C6x,  C7x,  C8x, 
F2x,  F3x,  F4x,  F5x,  F6x,  F7x,  F8x,  F9x,  FAx,  FBx,  FCx,  FDx,  FEx,  FFx,  FGx,  FHx, 
FJx,  FKx,  FPx,  FQx,  FRx,  FSx,  FTx,  FUx,  FXx,  G2x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  G6x,  G7x,  G9x, 
GAx,  GBx,  GCx,  GDx,  GEx,  GFx,  GGx,  GHx,  GJx,  GKx,  J2x,  J3x,  J4x,  J5x,  J6x,  M2x, 
M3x,  M4x,  M5x,  M6x,  M7x,  M8x,  N2x,  N3x,  N4x,  N5x,  P9x,  PAx,  PBx,  PCx,  PFx, 
PGx,  PJx,  PKx,  PLx,  PPx,  PQx,  PRx,  PSx,  PTx,  PUx,  PVx,  PWx,  PXx,  PYx,  QEx, 
QGx 
v    2008-CTO,  42x,  43x,  46x,  49x,  4Ax,  55x,  56x,  5Tx,  66x,  6Qx,  7Jx,  7Kx,  83x,  87x,  8Dx, 
8Hx,  8Jx,  8Kx,  8Lx,  8Zx,  93x,  9Ex,  C2x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  G3x,  G4x, 
G5x,  GAx,  GBx,  GCx,  GDx,  GEx,  J2x,  J3x,  PDx,  PEx,  PNx 
v    2009-CTO,  42x,  83x 
v    2613-CTO,  K9x,  KAx,  KBx,  KCx,  Q5x 
v    2623-CTO,  8Yx,  D3x,  D4x,  D5x,  D6x,  D7x,  D8x,  D9x,  DAx,  DBx,  DCx,  DDx,  DFx, 
DQx,  DRx,  DSx,  DTx,  GHx,  GJx,  K5x,  K6x,  K7x,  K8x,  KEx,  KFx,  KHx,  KJx,  KKx, 
KLx,  P2x,  P3x,  P4x,  P5x,  P6x,  P7x,  P8x,  PKx,  PZx,  Q2x,  Q3x,  Q4x,  Q6x,  Q7x,  Q8x, 
Q9x,  QAx,  QBx,  QCx,  QHx,  QJx,  QKx,  QM,  QNx 
v    2637-CTO,  42x,  83x 
xxA,  xxB,  xxF,  xxH,  xxL,  xxM,  xxP,  xxQ,  xxS,  xxU, 
xxV,  xxY 
42T0853  R  ** 
xxG  42T0855  R  ** 
xxC,  xxK  42T0857  R  ** 
xxE,  xxJ  42T0859  R  ** 
xxT  (802.11  b/g)  42T0861  R  **
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
138  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 145 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
7  ThinkPad  11a/b/g/n  Wireless  LAN  Mini-PCI  Express  Adapter 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  H9x,  HAx,  HBx 
v    1954-CTO,  63x 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  FLx,  FVx,  PFx,  PGx 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  LTx,  LUx,  LVx,  LWx 
v    2623-CTO,  7Qx,  7Ux,  7Xx,  8Kx,  M3x,  PMx,  PZx,  Q4x,  Q7x,  QCx 
v    2637-CTO 
xxA,  xxB,  xxC,  xxF,  xxH,  xxL,  xxM,  xxP,  xxQ,  xxS, 
xxU,  xxY 
42T0825  R  ** 
xxE,  xxJ  42T0827  R  ** 
xxV  42T0829  R  ** 
xxK  42T0831  R  ** 
xxT  (802.11  b/g)  42T0833  R  ** 
8  Structure  frame  (14.1-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax, 
2Bx,  2Cx,  2Dx,  2Ex,  2Fx,  2Gx,  2Hx,  2Jx,  2Kx,  2Lx, 
2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x,  48x,  49x, 
4Ax,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Lx, 
4Mx,  4Tx,  86x,  A2x,  C2x,  F2x,  F3x,  F6x,  F7x,  FCx 
v    1952-CTO,  24x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  4Gx,  4Mx,  4Tx,  C2x 
v    1953-CTO,  D2x,  D5x,  D6x,  D9x,  E2x,  E3x,  E4x,  E5x, 
E6x,  E7x,  EBx,  ECx,  EFx,  EGx,  EHx,  EMx,  ENx 
v    1954-CTO,  2Mx,  2Px 
v    1955-CTO,  43x 
v    1956-CTO,  43x 
v    2007-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax, 
42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Cx, 
4Dx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Nx,  4Px, 
4Mx,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Tx,  4Ux,  4Vx,  4Yx,  62x,  63x,  64x, 
65x,  66x,  67x,  68x,  69x,  6Ax,  6Bx,  6Cx,  6Dx,  6Ex,  6Fx, 
6Jx,  6Kx,  6Lx,  6Mx,  6Nx,  82x,  83x,  84x,  85x,  86x,  87x, 
88x,  89x,  8Ax,  8Bx,  8Dx,  8Ex,  8Fx,  8Gx,  8Yx,  8Zx,  A2x, 
A3x,  A4x,  A5x,  C2x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  F2x,  F3x,  FAx, 
G2x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  G6x,  G7x,  G8x,  G9x,  GAx,  GBx, 
GHx,  GJx,  FCx,  FDx,  FEx,  FQx,  FRx 
v    2008-CTO,  42x,  43x,  44x,  46x,  49x,  4Ax,  66x,  83x,  87x, 
8Dx,  8Zx,  C2x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  GAx, 
GBx 
v    2009-CTO,  42x,  83x 
v    2613-CTO,  E2x,  E3x,  E4x,  E5x,  E6x,  E7x,  E8x,  E9x, 
EAx,  EBx,  ECx,  EDx,  EEx,  EPx,  EQx,  ERx,  ESx,  H2x, 
H3x,  H6x,  H7x,  H8x,  H9x 
v    2623-CTO,  8Yx,  D2x,  D4x,  D5x,  D6x,  D7x,  D8x,  DFx, 
DQx,  DRx,  DSx,  GHx,  GJx 
v    2637-CTO,  42x,  83x 
41V9987  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  139

--- Page 146 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
8  Structure  frame  (14.1-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  4Nx,  4Px, 
4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Ux,  62x,  64x,  65x,  66x,  67x,  82x,  83x, 
84x,  85x,  G2x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  G6x,  F9x,  FBx,  FDx, 
PBx,  PDx,  PEx,  PNx 
v    1952-CTO,  2Sx,  2Qx,  2Rx,  4Px,  4Nx 
v    1953-CTO,  DBx,  DDx,  EPx,  EQx,  ESx,  ETx,  EVx,  EWx, 
EZx,  EYx,  H3x,  H4x,  H6x,  H7x,  H9x,  HAx,  P3x,  PKx 
v    1954-CTO,  63x,  DEx,  DFx,  G2x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  P4x, 
P5x,  P8x,  PBx,  PHx,  PJx,  PLx,  PMx,  PQx 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  2Bx,  6Px,  6Qx,  6Rx,  6Sx,  6Tx,  6Ux,  6Vx, 
6Wx,  6Xx,  6Yx,  6Zx,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Lx,  8Mx,  8Nx,  8Px, 
8Rx,  8Tx,  FJx,  FNx,  FTx,  FUx,  FXx,  GCx,  GDx,  GEx, 
GFx,  GGx,  GKx,  M2x,  M3x,  M4x,  M5x,  M6x,  M7x, 
M8x,  P9x,  PBx,  PFx,  PHx,  PJx,  PKx,  PMx,  PPx,  PQx, 
PRx,  PSx,  PTx,  PUx,  PVx,  PYx,  QEx 
v    2008-CTO,  6Qx,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Kx,  8Lx,  GCx,  GDx,  GEx, 
PDx 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  HBx,  HCx,  HDx,  HHx,  HJx,  HKx,  HPx, 
HQx,  HTx,  HUx,  HVx,  HZx,  K9x,  KAx,  L2x,  L3x,  L7x, 
L8x,  LBx,  LCx,  LDx,  LHx,  LJx,  LKx,  LPx,  LQx,  LTx, 
LVx,  LWx,  Q5x 
v    2623-CTO,  8Kx,  K5x,  K6x,  KEx,  KFx,  KHx,  M3x,  P2x, 
P3x,  P4x,  P6x,  P8x,  PKx,  PMx,  PZx,  Q2x,  Q3x,  Q4x, 
Q6x,  Q7x,  QBx,  QCx 
v    2637-CTO 
42R9911  R  N 
Structure  frame  (15.0-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x,  38x,  39x,  3Ax, 
3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex,  3Fx,  52x,  53x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  57x, 
58x,  F4x,  F5x,  F8x 
v    1952-CTO,  52x,  58x 
v    1953-CTO,  D3x,  D4x,  D7x,  DAx,  E8x,  E9x,  EAx,  EJx, 
EKx,  ELx 
v    1954-CTO,  52x 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x,  38x,  39x,  52x, 
53x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  57x,  58x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Bx,  5Cx,  5Dx, 
5Ex,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Hx,  5Jx,  5Kx,  5Lx,  5Mx,  5Nx,  5Qx, 
5Rx,  5Tx,  5Ux,  5Vx,  5Wx,  5Xx,  5Yx,  72x,  73x,  74x,  75x, 
76x,  77x,  78x,  79x,  7Ax,  7Cx,  7Dx,  7Ex,  7Fx,  7Hx,  92x, 
93x,  94x,  95x,  96x,  97x,  98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Cx,  9Ex, 
9Gx,  9Zx,  B2x,  B3x,  B4x,  B5x,  C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  F4x,  F5x, 
F6x,  F7x,  F8x,  F9x,  FBx,  FFx,  FGx,  FHx,  FPx,  FSx 
v    2008-CTO,  55x,  56x,  5Tx,  93x,  9Ex,  C6x,  C7x,  C8x 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  EFx,  EGx,  EHx,  EJx,  EKx,  ELx,  EMx,  ENx, 
ETx,  H4x,  H5x 
v    2623-CTO,  D3x,  D9x,  DAx,  DBx,  DCx,  DDx,  DTx 
v    2637-CTO 
41V9988  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
140  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 147 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
8  Structure  frame  (15.0-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx,  3Mx,  59x,  5Ax, 
5Bx,  72x,  73x,  74x,  75x,  76x,  FAx,  FEx,  PAx,  PCx,  PFx, 
PGx,  PPx 
v    1952-CTO,  3Gx 
v    1953-CTO,  DCx,  ERx,  EUx,  EXx,  H2x,  H5x,  H8x,  HBx 
v    1954-CTO,  DGx,  P6x,  P7x,  P9x 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  7Jx,  7Kx,  7Lx,  7Mx,  7Nx,  7Px,  7Rx,  7Sx, 
7Vx,  7Wx,  7Xx,  FKx,  FLx,  FVx,  J2x,  J3x,  J4x,  J5x,  J6x, 
N2x,  N3x,  N4x,  N5x,  PAx,  PCx,  PGx,  PLx,  PWx,  PXx, 
QGx 
v    2008-CTO,  J2x,  J3x,  7Jx,  7Kx,  PEx,  PNx 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  HEx,  HFx,  HGx,  HLx,  HMx,  HNx,  HWx, 
HXx,  HYx,  KBx,  KCx,  L4x,  L5x,  L6x,  LEx,  LFx,  LGx, 
LLx,  LMx,  LNx,  LUx 
v    2623-CTO,  7Qx,  7Ux,  7Xx,  K7x,  K8x,  KJx,  KKx,  P5x, 
P7x,  Q8x,  Q9x,  QAx 
v    2637-CTO 
42R9912  R  N 
9  USB  sub  card  41W1155  R  N 
10  Hard  disk  drive  rubber  rails  41V9756  R  * 
11  SATA  hard  disk  drive,  40  GB,  9.5  mm,  5,400  rpm 
v    1951-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Dx,  2Ex,  2Fx,  2Jx,  2Kx,  2Lx,  2Nx,  2Qx, 
2Rx,  32x,  33x,  35x,  36x,  37x,  39x,  3Ax,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex,  3Gx,  42x,  4Fx,  84x,  85x,  86x, 
F2x 
v    1952-CTO,  24x,  2Qx,  2Rx,  3Gx 
v    1953-CTO,  D2x,  D3x,  D5x 
v    1954-CTO,  PBx 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  22x,  23x,  29x,  2Ax,  32x,  33x,  38x,  39x,  45x,  4Vx 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO 
v    2637-CTO 
Fujitsu  39T2637  R  * 
HGST  39T2701  R  * 
Toshiba  39T2709  R  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  141

--- Page 148 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
11  SATA  hard  disk  drive,  60  GB,  9.5  mm,  5,400  rpm 
v    1951-CTO,  25x,  2Ax,  2Cx,  2Gx,  2Hx,  2Mx,  2Px,  2Sx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  34x,  38x,  3Fx, 
3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx,  3Mx,  43x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Ex,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx, 
4Lx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Tx,  4Ux,  52x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  58x,  5Ax,  73x,  82x,  83x,  C2x,  F3x,  F4x, 
F6x,  F7x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  G6x,  F9x,  FBx 
v    1952-CTO,  2Sx,  43x,  44x,  45x,  4Gx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Tx,  52x,  58x,  C2x 
v    1953-CTO,  D4x,  D6x,  D7x,  D9x,  DAx,  DDx,  P3x 
v    1954-CTO,  2Mx,  2Px,  52x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  P4x,  P6x,  PLx 
v    1955-CTO,  43x 
v    1956-CTO,  43x 
v    2007-CTO,  24x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  2Bx,  34x,  35x,  37x,  42x,  43x,  44x,  46x,  47x,  48x,  49x, 
4Ax,  4Cx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Yx,  52x,  53x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  57x,  5Ax,  5Ex,  5Fx,  5Qx,  5Ux,  5Xx, 
5Yx,  8Ax,  8Gx,  C2x,  C6x,  G2x,  G6x,  G8x,  G9x,  GAx,  GGx 
v    2008-CTO,  42x,  43x,  44x,  46x,  49x,  4Ax,  55x,  56x,  C2x,  C6x,  GAx 
v    2009-CTO,  42x 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO,  D5x,  D9x,  DQx,  DTx 
v    2637-CTO,  42x 
Fujitsu  39T2639  R  * 
HGST  OP  39T2703  R  * 
Toshiba  39T2711  R  * 
SATA  hard  disk  drive,  80  GB,  9.5  mm,  5,400  rpm 
v    1951-CTO,  2Bx,  3Bx,  49x,  4Cx,  4Qx,  4Rx,  53x,  57x,  65x,  66x,  72x,  75x,  F5x,  F8x,  FAx, 
FCx,  FDx,  FEx,  G2x,  PAx,  PDx 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO,  63x,  DEx,  DFx,  DGx,  G2x,  P5x,  P7x,  PHx,  PJx,  PMx 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  25x,  36x,  4Bx,  4Dx,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Lx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx, 
4Tx,  4Ux,  58x,  5Cx,  5Dx,  5Gx,  5Jx,  5Kx,  5Lx,  5Mx,  5Nx,  5Rx,  5Tx,  5Vx,  5Wx,  6Bx, 
6Cx,  6Vx,  6Xx,  7Cx,  7Mx,  7Wx,  9Bx,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  C7x,  F2x,  F3x,  F4x,  F5x,  FAx, 
FCx,  FDx,  FJx,  FKx,  FNx,  FPx,  FQx,  FRx,  FTx,  FUx,  FXx,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  G7x,  GBx, 
GCx,  GDx,  GEx,  GFx,  GHx,  GKx,  J2x,  J3x,  J4x,  J5x,  J6x,  M4x,  N2x,  P9x,  PAx,  PFx, 
PHx,  PJx,  PPx,  PQx,  PTx 
v    2008-CTO,  5Tx,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  C7x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  GBx,  GCx,  GDx,  GEx,  J2x,  J3x, 
PDx,  PEx,  PNx 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO,  7Qx,  7Ux,  D2x,  D4x,  D6x,  DAx,  DBx,  DFx,  DRx,  GHx,  K5x,  K6x,  K7x, 
K8x,  KEx,  KHx,  KJx,  P2x,  Q2x,  Q6x,  Q8x,  Q9x 
v    2637-CTO 
Fujitsu  39T2641  R  * 
HGST  39T2705  R  * 
Toshiba  39T2713  R  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
142  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 149 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
11  SATA  hard  disk  drive,  100  GB,  9.5  mm,  5,400  rpm 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  5Hx,  62x,  63x,  64x,  65x,  66x,  67x,  69x,  6Dx,  6Ex,  6Fx,  6Jx,  6Kx,  6Lx, 
6Mx,  6Nx,  GJx,  72x,  73x,  74x,  75x,  79x,  7Ax,  7Dx,  7Ex,  F6x,  F7x,  F8x,  FEx,  FFx, 
FGx,  FSx 
v    2008-CTO,  66x 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO,  D3x,  D7x,  DCx,  Dx,  GJx 
v    2637-CTO 
Fujitsu  39T2643  R  * 
HGST  OP  39T2707  R  * 
Toshiba  39T2715  R  * 
SATA  hard  disk  drive,  120  GB,  9.5  mm,  5,400  rpm 
v    1951-CTO,  4Sx,  59x,  5Bx,  62x 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  DBx,  DCx,  PKx 
v    1954-CTO,  P8x,  P9x 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  6Px,  6Qx,  6Sx,  6Tx,  6Ux,  6Yx,  6Zx,  7Jx,  7Kx,  7Lx,  7Nx,  7Rx,  7Sx,  7Vx, 
7Xx,  8Nx,  FLx,  FVx,  M2x,  M3x,  PCx,  PGx,  PLx,  PRx,  PSx 
v    2008-CTO,  6Qx,  7Jx,  7Kx 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  K9x,  KAx,  KBx,  KCx,  Q5x 
v    2623-CTO,  7Xx,  KFx,  KKx,  M3x,  P3x,  P4x,  P5x,  P6x,  P7x,  P8x,  PMx,  PZx,  Q4x 
v    2637-CTO 
Fujitsu  39T2785  R  * 
Toshiba  39T2791  R  * 
SATA  hard  disk  drive,  160  GB,  9.5  mm,  5,400  rpm 
(HGST) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO 
v    2637-CTO 
39T2759  R  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  143

--- Page 150 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
11  SATA  hard  disk  drive,  60  GB,  9.5  mm,  7,200  rpm 
v    1951-CTO,  48x,  4Mx 
v    1952-CTO,  4Mx 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  4Ex,  59x,  5Bx,  6Ax,  78x,  89x,  9Ax 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO 
v    2637-CTO 
HGST  OP  39T2645  R  * 
Seagate  39T2795  R  * 
SATA  hard  disk  drive,  100  GB,  9.5  mm,  7,200  rpm 
v    1951-CTO,  64x,  67x,  74x,  76x,  PCx,  PEx,  PFx,  PGx 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  68x,  6Rx,  6Wx,  76x,  77x,  7Fx,  7Hx,  7Px,  82x,  83x,  84x,  85x,  86x,  87x,  88x, 
8Bx,  8Dx,  8Ex,  8Fx,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Lx,  8Mx,  8Px,  8Rx,  8Tx,  8Yx,  8Zx,  92x,  93x,  94x,  95x, 
96x,  97x,  98x,  99x,  9Cx,  9Ex,  9Gx,  9Zx,  C8x,  F9x,  FBx,  FHx,  M5x,  M6x,  N3x,  N4x, 
PBx,  PUx,  PVx,  PWx,  PXx,  PYx 
v    2008-CTO,  83x,  87x,  8Dx,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Kx,  8Lx,  8Zx,  93x,  9Ex,  9Zx,  C8x 
v    2009-CTO,  83x 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO,  8Kx,  8Yx,  D8x,  DDx,  PKx,  Q3x,  Q7x,  QAx,  QBx,  QCx 
v    2637-CTO,  83x 
HGST  OP  39T2649  R  * 
Seagate  39T2799  R  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
144  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 151 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
12  Interposer  card 
v    1951-CTO,  32x,  33x,  34x,  36x,  35x,  37x,  38x,  39x,  3Ax, 
3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex,  3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx, 
3Mx,  52x,  53x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  57x,  58x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Bx, 
72x,  73x,  74x,  75x,  76x,  F4x,  F5x,  F8x,  FAx,  FEx,  PAx, 
PCx,  PFx,  PGx,  PPx 
v    1952-CTO,  3Gx,  52x,  58x 
v    1953-CTO,  D3x,  D4x,  D7x,  DAx,  DCx,  E8x,  E9x,  EAx, 
EJx,  EKx,  ELx,  ERx,  EUx,  EXx,  H2x,  H5x,  H8x,  HBx 
v    1954-CTO,  52x,  DGx,  P6x,  P7x,  P9x 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x,  38x,  39x,  52x, 
53x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  57x,  58x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Bx,  5Cx,  5Dx, 
5Ex,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Hx,  5Jx,  5Kx,  5Lx,  5Mx,  5Nx,  5Qx, 
5Rx,  5Tx,  5Ux,  5Vx,  5Wx,  5Xx,  72x,  73x,  74x,  75x,  76x, 
77x,  78x,  79x,  7Ax,  7Cx,  7Dx,  7Ex,  7Fx,  7Hx,  7Jx,  7Kx, 
7Lx,  7Mx,  7Nx,  7Px,  7Rx,  7Vx,  7Wx,  7Xx,  92x,  93x, 
94x,  95x,  96x,  97x,  98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Cx,  9Ex,  9Gx, 
9Zx,  B2x,  B3x,  B4x,  B5x,  C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  F4x,  F5x,  F6x, 
F7x,  F8x,  F9x,  FBx,  FFx,  FGx,  FHx,  FKx,  FLx,  FPx, 
FVx,  J2x,  J3x,  J4x,  J5x,  J6x,  N2x,  N3x,  N4x,  N5x,  PAx, 
PCx,  PGx,  PLx,  PWx,  PXx,  QGx 
v    2008-CTO,  55x,  56x,  5Tx,  7Jx,  7Kx,  93x,  9Ex,  9Zx,  C6x, 
C7x,  C8x,  J2x,  J3x,  PEx,  PNx 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  EFx,  EGx,  EHx,  EJx,  EKx,  ELx,  EMx,  ENx, 
ETx,  H4x,  H5x,  HEx,  HFx,  HGx,  HLx,  HMx,  HNx, 
HWx,  HXx,  HYx,  KBx,  KCx,  L5x,  L6x,  LEx,  LFx,  LGx, 
LLx,  LMx,  LNx,  LUx 
v    2623-CTO,  7Qx,  7Ux,  7Xx,  D3x,  D9x,  DAx,  DBx,  DCx, 
DDx,  DTx,  K7x,  K8x,  KJx,  KKx,  P5x,  P7x,  Q8x,  Q9x, 
QAx 
v    2637-CTO 
41W1130  N 
13  Backup  battery  02K6572  R  **
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  145

--- Page 152 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
14  Battery  pack,  Li-ion  (6  cell) 
v    1951-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax,  2Bx,  2Cx,  2Dx,  2Ex,  2Fx,  2Gx, 
2Hx,  2Jx,  2Kx,  2Lx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  32x,  33x,  34x, 
35x,  36x,  37x,  38x,  39x,  3Ax,  3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex,  3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx, 
3Mx,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx, 
4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Tx,  4Ux,  52x,  53x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  57x,  58x, 
59x,  5Ax,  5Bx,  62x,  64x,  665x,  66x,  67x,  72x,  73x,  74x,  75x,  76x,  82x,  83x,  84x,  85x, 
86x,  C2x,  F2x,  F3x,  F4x,  F5x,  F6x,  F7x,  F8x,  F9x,  FAx,  FBx,  FCx,  FDx,  FEx,  G2x, 
G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  G6x,  PAx,  PBx,  PCx,  PDx,  PEx,  PFx,  PGx,  PNx,  PPx 
v    1952-CTO,  24x,  2Sx,  2Qx,  2Rx,  3Gx,43x,  44x,  45x,  4Gx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Tx,  52x, 
58x,  C2x 
v    1953-CTO,  D2x,  D3x,  D4x,  D5x,  D6x,  D7x,  D9x,  DAx,  DBx,  DCx,  DDx,  P3x,  PKx 
v    1954-CTO,  2Mx,  2Px,  52x,  63x,  DEx,  DFx,  DGx,  G2x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  P4x,  P5x,  P6x, 
P7x,  P8x,  P9x,  PBx,  PHx,  PJx,  PLx,  PMx 
v    1955-CTO,  43x 
v    1956-CTO,  43x 
v    2007-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax,  2Bx,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x, 
37x,  38x,  39x,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Dx,  4Ex,  4Fx, 
4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Tx,  4Ux,  4Vx,  4Yx,  52x, 
53x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  57x,  58x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Bx,  5Cx,  5Dx,  5Ex,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Hx,  5Jx,  5Kx, 
5Lx,  5Mx,  5Nx,  5Qx,  5Rx,  5Tx,  5Ux,  5Vx,  5Wx,  5Xx,  5Yx,  62x,  63x,  64x,  65x,  66x, 
67x,  68x,  69x,  6Ax,  6Bx,  6Cx,  6Dx,  6Ex,  6Fx,  6Jx,  6Nx,  6Rx,  6Sx,  6Tx,  6Ux,  6Vx, 
6Wx,  6Xx,  6Yx,  6Zx,  72x,  73x,  74x,  75x,  76x,  77x,  78x,  79x,  7Ax,  7Bx,  7Cx,  7Ex,  7Fx, 
7Lx,  7Mx,  7Nx,  7Px,  7Rx,  7Vx,  7Wx,  7Xx,  8Bx,  9Cx,  C2x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  C6x,  C7x, 
F2x,  F3x,  F4x,  F5x,  F6x,  F7x,  F8x,  F9x,  FAx,  FBx,  FCx,  FDx,  FEx,  FFx,  FGx,  FHx, 
FJx,  FKx,  FLx,  FNx,  FPx,  FQx,  FSx,  FTx,  FVx,  FXx,  G2x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  G6x,  G7x, 
G8x,  G9x,  GAx,  GBx,  GCx,  GDx,  GEx,  GFx,  GGx,  GHx,  GJx,  J2x,  J3x,  J4x,  J5x,  J6x, 
M3x,  M4x,  M5x,  M8x,  P9x,  PAx,  PBx,  PFx,  PGx,  PHx,  PJx,  PPx,  PQx,  PRx,  PTx, 
PUx,  QEx,  QGx 
v    2008-CTO,  42x,  43x,  44x,  46x,  49x,  4Ax,  55x,  56x,  5Tx,  66x,  C2x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x, 
C6x,  C7x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  GAx,  GBx,  GCx,  GDx,  GEx,  J2x,  J3x,  PDx,  PEx,  PNx 
v    2009-CTO,  42x 
v    2613-CTO,  K9x,  KAx,  KBx,  KCx,  Q5x 
v    2623-CTO,  7Qx,  7Ux,  7Xx,  D4x,  D5x,  D6x,  D9x,  DAx,  DBx,  DFx,  DQx,  DRx,  DTx, 
GHx,  GJx,  KEx,  KHx,  KJx,  KKx,  M3x,  P2x,  P4x,  P5x,  P6x,  P7x,  P8x,  PKx,  PZx,  Q2x, 
Q3x,  Q4x,  Q6x,  Q7x,  Q8x,  Q9x,  QAx,  QBx,  QHx,  QKx,  QMx,  QNx 
v    2637-CTO,  42x 
Sanyo  42T5246  R  * 
Panasonic  92P1139  R  * 
Sony  92P1141  R  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
146  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 153 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
14  Battery  pack,  Li-ion  (9  cell) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  6Kx,  6Lx,  6Mx,  6Px,  6Qx,  7Dx,  7Hx,  7Jx,  7Kx,  7Sx,  82x,  83x,  84x,  85x, 
86x,  87x,  88x,  89x,  8Ax,  8Dx,  8Ex,  8Fx,  8Gx,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Lx,  8Mx,  8Nx,  8Px,  8Rx, 
8Tx,  8Yx,  8Zx,  92x,  93x,  94x,  95x,  96x,  97x,  98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Ex,  9Gx,  9Zx,  C8x, 
FRx,  FUx,  M2x,  M6x,  M7x,  N2x,  N3x,  N4x,  N5x,  PCx,  PLx,  PMx,  PSx,  PVx,  PWx, 
PXx,  PYx 
v    2008-CTO,  6Qx,  7Jx,  7Kx,  83x,  87x,  8Dx,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Kx,  8Lx,  8Zx,  93x,  9Ex,  9Zx, 
C8x 
v    2009-CTO,  83x 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO,  8Kx,  8Yx,  D2x,  D3x,  D7x,  D8x,  DCx,  DDx,  DSx,  K5x,  K6x,  K7x,  K8x, 
KFx,  KLx,  P3x,  PMx,  QCx,  QJx 
v    2637-CTO,  83x 
Sanyo  42T5245  R  * 
Panasonic  92P1133  R  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  147

--- Page 154 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
15  DVD  drive,  9.5  mm 
v    1951-CTO,  26x,  2Dx,  46x,  47x,  4Ax,  4Lx,  54x,  84x,  G6x 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  D2x,  D3x 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  42x,  44x,  4Kx,  52x,  5Fx,  5Qx,  G8x 
v    2008-CTO,  42x,  44x 
v    2009-CTO,  42x 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO 
v    2637-CTO,  42x 
HLDS  (GDR-8085N)  39T2683  R  * 
PCC  (UJDA765)  39T2681  R  * 
DVD/CD-RW  combo  drive,  9.5  mm 
v    1951-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax,  2Cx,  2Ex,  2Gx,  2Hx,  2Jx,  2Kx,  2Lx, 
2Mx,  2Nx,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x,  38x,  39x,  3Cx, 
3Dx,  3Ex,  3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx,  3Mx,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  48x,  49x,  4Ex,  4Fx, 
4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Sx,  4Tx,  4Ux,  52x,  56x,  58x,  5Ax,  5Bx,  73x, 
82x,  83x,  85x,  86x,  C2x,  F3x,  F4x,  F6x,  F7x,  F9x,  FBx,  G4x,  G5x 
v    1952-CTO,  24x,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx,  3Gx,  43x,  44x,  45x,  4Gx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Tx,  52x, 
58x,  C2x 
v    1953-CTO,  D4x,  D5x,  D6x,  D7x,  D9x,  DAx,  DBx,  DCx,  DDx,  P3x 
v    1954-CTO,  2Mx,  52x,  DEx,  G4x,  G5x,  P4x,  P5x,  P6x,  P7x,  PBx,  PHx,  PLx 
v    1955-CTO,  43x 
v    1956-CTO,  43x 
v    2007-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  2Ax,  2Bx,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  37x,  38x,  43x, 
45x,  46x,  47x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Dx,  4Ex,  4Gx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Vx, 
53x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  57x,  58x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Bx,  5Cx,  5Hx,  5Jx,  5Kx,  5Rx,  5Tx,  5Ux,  5Xx, 
5Yx,  65x,  66x,  67x,  6Bx,  6Dx,  6Mx,  6Px,  6Sx,  6Ux,  6Vx,  73x,  75x,  7Ex,  7Jx,  7Lx,  7Mx, 
7Nx,  82x,  85x,  87x,  8Fx,  95x,  96x,  9Gx,  C3x,  C6x,  C7x,  G2x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  G6x, 
G9x,  GAx,  GBx,  GCx,  GDx,  GEx,  GFx,  GKx,  J2x,  J4x,  J5x,  P9x,  PJx,  PLx,  PPx,  PRx 
v    2008-CTO,  43x,  46x,  49x,  4Ax,  55x,  56x,  5Tx,  66x,  7Jx,  87x,  C3x,  C6x,  C7x,  G3x,  G4x, 
G5x,  GAx,  GBx,  GCx,  GDx,  GEx,  J2x,  PDx 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  KCx 
v    2623-CTO,  D4x,  D5x,  D9x,  DAx,  DBx,  DFx,  DQx,  DRx,  DTx,  K5x,  K7x 
v    2637-CTO 
HLDS  (GCC-4246N)  39T2687  R  * 
PCC  (UJDA765DL)  OP  39T2685  R  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
148  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 155 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
15  DVD-RAM/RW  drive,  9.5  mm 
v    1951-CTO,  2Bx,  2Fx,  2Px,  2Tx,  3Ax,  3Bx,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Qx,  4Rx,  53x,  55x,  57x,  59x, 
62x,  64x,  65x,  66x,  67x,  72x,  74x,  75x,  76x,  F2x,  F5x,  F8x,  FAx,  FCx,  FDx,  FEx,  G2x, 
G3x,  PAx,  PCx,  PDx,  PEx,  PFx,  PGx 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  PKx 
v    1954-CTO,  2Px,  63x,  DFx,  DGx,  G2x,  G3x,  P8x,  P9x,  PJx,  PMx 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  25x,  29x,  36x,  39x,  4Fx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Lx,  4Px,  4Sx,  4Tx,  4Ux,  4Yx,  5Dx, 
5Ex,  5Gx,  5Lx,  5Mx,  5Nx,  5Vx,  5Wx,  62x,  63x,  64x,  68x,  69x,  6Ax,  6Cx,  6Ex,  6Fx, 
6Jx,  6Kx,  6Lx,  6Nx,  6Qx,  6Rx,  6Tx,  6Wx,  6Xx,  6Yx,  6Zx,  72x,  74x,  76x,  77x,  78x,  79x, 
7Ax,  7Cx,  7Dx,  7Fx,  7Hx,  7Kx,  7Px,  7Rx,  7Sx,  7Vx,  7Wx,  7Xx,  83x,  84x,  86x,  88x, 
89x,  8Ax,  8Bx,  8Dx,  8Ex,  8Gx,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Lx,  8Mx,  8Nx,  8Px,  8Rx,  8Tx,  8Yx,  8Zx, 
92x,  93x,  94x,  97x,  98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Cx,  9Zx,  C2x,  C4x,  C5x,  C8x,  F2x,  F3x,  F4x, 
F5x,  F6x,  F7x,  F8x,  F9x,  FAx,  FBx,  FCx,  FDx,  FEx,  FFx,  FGx,  FHx,  FJx,  FKx,  FLx, 
FNx,  FPx,  FQx,  FRx,  FSx,  FTx,  FUx,  FVx,  FXx,  G7x,  GGx,  GHx,  GJx,  J3x,  J6x,  M2x, 
M3x,  M4x,  M5x,  M6x,  M7x,  N2x,  N3x,  N4x,  PAx,  PBx,  PCx,  PFx,  PGx,  PHx,  PQx, 
PSx,  PTx,  PUx,  PVx,  PWx,  PXx,  PYx 
v    2008-CTO,  6Qx,  7Kx,  83x,  8Dx,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Kx,  8Lx,  8Zx,  93x,  9Ex,  9Zx,  C2x,  C4x, 
C5x,  C8x,  J3x,  PEx,  PNx 
v    2009-CTO,  83x 
v    2613-CTO,  K9x,  KAx,  KBx,  Q5x 
v    2623-CTO,  7Qx,  7Ux,  7Xx,  8Kx,  8Yx,  D2x,  D3x,  D6x,  D7x,  D8x,  DCx,  DDx,  DSx, 
K6x,  K8x,  KEx,  KFx,  KHx,  KJx,  KKx,  M3x,  P2x,  P3x,  P4x,  P5x,  P6x,  P7x,  P8x,  PKx, 
PMx,  PZx,  Q2x,  Q3x,  Q4x,  Q6x,  Q7x,  Q8x,  Q9x,  QAx,  Qx,  QCx 
v    2637-CTO,  83x 
HLDS  (GSA-4083N)  39T2679  R  * 
PCC  (UJ-842B)  OP  39T2677  R  * 
Travel  cover 
v    1951-CTO,  xxE,  xxJ 
v    1952-CTO,  xxE,  xxJ 
v    1953-CTO,  xxE,  xxJ 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO,  xxE,  xxJ 
v    1956-CTO,  xxE,  xxJ 
v    2007-CTO,  xxE,  xxJ 
v    2008-CTO,  xxE,  xxJ 
v    2009-CTO,  xxE,  xxJ 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO 
v    2637-CTO,  xxE,  xxJ 
13N5108  R  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  149

--- Page 156 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
16  Hard  disk  drive  cover  assembly  (14.1-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  22x,  24x,  23x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax, 
2Bx,  2Cx,  2Dx,  2Ex,  2Fx,  2Gx,  2Hx,  2Jx,  2Kx,  2Lx, 
2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  42x, 
43x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Ex, 
4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx, 
4Tx,  4Ux,  62x,  64x,  65x,  66x,  67x,  82x,  83x,  84x,  85x, 
86x,  A2x,  C2x,  F2x,  F3x,  F6x,  F7x,  F9x,  FBx,  FCx,  G2x, 
G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  G6x,  PBx,  PDx,  PEx,  PNx 
v    1952-CTO,  24x,  2Sx,  2Qx,  2Rx,  43x,  44x,  45x,  4Gx, 
4Mx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Tx,  C2x 
v    1953-CTO,  D2x,  D5x,  D6x,  D9x,  DBx,  DDx,  E2x,  E3x, 
E4x,  E5x,  E6x,  E7x,  EBx,  ECx,  EFx,  EGx,  EHx,  EMx, 
ENx,  EPx,  EQx,  ESx,  ETx,  EVx,  EWx,  EYx,  EZx,  H3x, 
H4x,  H6x,  H7x,  H9x,  HAx,  P3x,  PKx 
v    1954-CTO,  2Mx,  2Px,  63x,  DEx,  DFx,  G2x,  G3x,  G4x, 
G5x,  P4x,  P5x,  P8x,  PBx,  PHx,  PJx,  PLx,  PMx,  PQx 
v    1955-CTO,  43x 
v    1956-CTO,  43x 
v    2007-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax, 
2Bx,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx, 
4Cx,  4Dx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx, 
4Nx,  4Px,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Tx,  4Ux,  4Vx,  4Yx,  62x,  63x, 
64x,  65x,  66x,  67x,  68x,  69x,  6Ax,  6Bx,  6Cx,  6Dx,  6Ex, 
6Fx,  6Jx,  6Kx,  6Lx,  6Mx,  6Nx,  6Px,  6Qx,  6Rx,  6Sx,  6Tx, 
6Ux,  6Vx,  6Wx,  6Xx,  6Yx,  6Zx,  82x,  83x,  84x,  85x,  86x, 
87x,  88x,  89x,  8Ax,  8Bx,  8Dx,  8Ex,  8Fx,  8Gx,  8Hx,  8Jx, 
8Lx,  8Mx,  8Nx,  8Px,  8Rx,  8Tx,  8Yx,  8Zx,  A2x,  A3x, 
A4x,  A5x,  C2x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  F2x,  F3x,  FAx,  FCx, 
FDx,  FEx,  FJx,  FNx,  FQx,  FRx,  FUx,  FXx,  G2x,  G3x, 
G4x,  G5x,  G6x,  G7x,  G8x,  G9x,  GAx,  GBx,  GCx,  GDx, 
GEx,  GFx,  GGx,  GHx,  GJx,  GKx,  M2x,  M3x,  M4x, 
M5x,  M5x,  M7x,  M8x,  P9x,  PBx,  PFx,  PHx,  PJx,  PKx, 
PMx,  PPx,  PQx,  PRx,  PSx,  PTx,  PUx,  PVx,  PYx,  QEx 
v    2008-CTO,  42x,  43x,  44x,  46x,  49x,  4Ax,  66x,  6Qx,  83x, 
87x,  8Dx,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Kx,  8Lx,  8Zx,  C2x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x, 
G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  GAx,  GBx,  GCx,  GDx,  GEx,  PDx 
v    2009-CTO,  42x,  83x 
v    2613-CTO,  E2x,  E3x,  E4x,  E5x,  E6x,  E7x,  E8x,  E9x, 
EAx,  EBx,  ECx,  EDx,  EEx,  EPx,  EQx,  ERx,  ESx,  H2x, 
H3x,  H6x,  H7x,  H8x,  H9x,  HBx,  HCx,  HDx,  HHx, 
HJx,  HKx,  HPx,  HQx,  HTx,  HUx,  HVx,  HZx,  K9x, 
KAx,  L2x,  L3x,  L7x,  LBx,  LCx,  LDx,  LHx,  LJx,  LKx, 
LPx,  LQx,  LTx,  LVx,  LWx,  Q5x 
v    2623-CTO,  8Kx,  8Yx,  D2x,  D4x,  D5x,  D6x,  D7x,  D8x, 
DFx,  DQx,  DRx,  DSx,  GHx,  GJx,  K5x,  K6x,  KEx,  KFx, 
KHx,  M3x,  P2x,  P3x,  P4x,  P6x,  P8x,  PKx,  PMx,  PZx, 
Q2x,  Q3x,  Q4x,  Q6x,  Q7x,  QBx,  QCx 
v    2637-CTO,  42x,  83x 
41V9985  R  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
150  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 157 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
16  Hard  disk  drive  cover  assembly  (15.0-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  32x,  33x,  34x,  36x,  35x,  37x,  38x,  39x,  3Ax, 
3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex,  3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx, 
3Mx,  52x,  53x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  57x,  58x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Bx, 
72x,  73x,  74x,  75x,  76x,  F4x,  F5x,  F8x,  FAx,  FEx,  PAx, 
PCx,  PFx,  PGx,  PPx 
v    1952-CTO,  3Gx,  52x,  58x 
v    1953-CTO,  D3x,  D4x,  D7x,  DAx,  DCx,  E8x,  E9x,  EAx, 
EJx,  EKx,  ELx,  ERx,  EUx,  EXx,  H2x,  H5x,  H8x,  HBx 
v    1954-CTO,  52x,  DGx,  P6x,  P7x,  P9x 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x,  38x,  39x,  52x, 
53x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  57x,  58x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Bx,  5Cx,  5Dx, 
5Ex,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Hx,  5Jx,  5Kx,  5Lx,  5Mx,  5Nx,  5Qx, 
5Rx,  5Tx,  5Ux,  5Vx,  5Wx,  5Xx,  72x,  73x,  74x,  75x,  76x, 
77x,  78x,  79x,  7Ax,  7Cx,  7Dx,  7Ex,  7Fx,  7Hx,  7Jx,  7Kx, 
7Lx,  7Mx,  7Nx,  7Px,  7Rx,  7Vx,  7Wx,  7Xx,  92x,  93x, 
94x,  95x,  96x,  97x,  98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Cx,  9Ex,  9Gx, 
9Zx,  B2x,  B3x,  B4x,  B5x,  C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  F4x,  F5x,  F6x, 
F7x,  F8x,  F9x,  FBx,  FFx,  FGx,  FHx,  FKx,  FLx,  FPx, 
FVx,  J2x,  J3x,  J4x,  J5x,  J6x,  N2x,  N3x,  N4x,  N5x,  PAx, 
PCx,  PGx,  PLx,  PWx,  PXx,  QGx 
v    2008-CTO,  55x,  56x,  5Tx,  7Jx,  7Kx,  93x,  9Ex,  9Zx,  C6x, 
C7x,  C8x,  J2x,  J3x,  PEx,  PNx 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  EFx,  EGx,  EHx,  EJx,  EKx,  ELx,  EMx,  ENx, 
ETx,  H4x,  H5x,  HEx,  HFx,  HGx,  HLx,  HMx,  HNx, 
HWx,  HXx,  HYx,  KBx,  KCx,  L5x,  L6x,  LEx,  LFx,  LGx, 
LLx,  LMx,  LNx,  LUx 
v    2623-CTO,  7Qx,  7Ux,  7Xx,  D3x,  D9x,  DAx,  DBx,  DCx, 
DDx,  DTx,  K7x,  K8x,  KJx,  KKx,  P5x,  P7x,  Q8x,  Q9x, 
QAx 
v    2637-CTO 
41V9986  R  *
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  151

--- Page 158 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
17  Base  cover  assembly  for  1951  (14.1-in.) 
World-wide 
v    1951-CTO,  xxU,  xxF,  xxL,  xxP,  xxS,  xxY,  xxG,  xxM, 
xxA,  xxQ,  xxB,  xxH,  xxC,  xxE,  xxJ,  xxK,  xxT 
41V9937  R  N 
Taiwan 
v    1951-xxV 
41V9949  R  N 
Base  cover  assembly  for  1951  (15.0-in.) 
World-wide 
v    1951-CTO,  xxU,  xxF,  xxL,  xxP,  xxS,  xxY,  xxG,  xxM, 
xxA,  xxQ,  xxB,  xxH,  xxC,  xxE,  xxJ,  xxK  ,  xxT 
41V9961  R  N 
Taiwan 
v    1951-xxV 
41V9973  R  N 
Base  cover  assembly  for  1952  (14.1-in.) 
World-wide 
v    1952-CTO,  xxU,  xxF,  xxL,  xxP,  xxS,  xxY,  xxG,  xxM, 
xxA,  xxQ,  xxB,  xxH,  xxC,  xxE,  xxJ,  xxK  ,  xxT 
41V9938  R  N 
Taiwan 
v    1952-xxV 
41V9950  R  N 
Base  cover  assembly  for  1952  (15.0-in.) 
World-wide 
v    1952-CTO,  xxU,  xxF,  xxL,  xxP,  xxS,  xxY,  xxG,  xxM, 
xxA,  xxQ,  xxB,  xxH,  xxC,  xxE,  xxJ,  xxK  ,  xxT 
41V9962  R  N 
Taiwan 
v    1952-xxV 
41V9974  R  N 
Base  cover  assembly  for  1953  (14.1-in.) 
World-wide 
v    1953-CTO,  xxU,  xxF,  xxE,  xxJ,  xxK  ,  xxT 
41V9939  R  N 
Taiwan 
v    1953-CTO 
41V9951  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
152  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 159 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
17  Base  cover  assembly  for  1953  (15.0-in.) 
World-wide 
v    1953-CTO,  xxU,  xxF,  xxE,  xxJ,  xxK  ,  xxT 
41V9963  R  N 
Taiwan 
v    1953-CTO 
41V9975  R  N 
Base  cover  assembly  for  1954  (14.1-in.) 
World-wide 
v    1954-CTO 
41V9940  R  N 
Taiwan 
v    1954-CTO 
41V9952  R  N 
Base  cover  assembly  for  1954  (15.0-in.) 
World-wide 
v    1954-CTO,  52x 
41V9964  R  N 
Taiwan 
v    1954-CTO 
41V9976  R  N 
Base  cover  assembly  for  1955  (14.1-in.) 
World-wide 
v    1955-CTO 
41V9941  R  N 
Taiwan 
v    1955-CTO 
41V9953  R  N 
Base  cover  assembly  for  1955  (15.0-in.) 
World-wide 
v    1955-CTO,  43x 
41V9965  R  N 
Taiwan 
v    1955-CTO 
41V9977  R  N 
Base  cover  assembly  for  1956  (14.1-in.) 
World-wide 
v    1956-CTO 
41V9942  R  N 
Taiwan 
v    1956-CTO 
41V9954  R  N 
Base  cover  assembly  for  1956  (15.0-in.) 
World-wide 
v    1956-CTO,  43x 
41V9966  R  N 
Taiwan 
v    1956-CTO 
41V9978  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  153

--- Page 160 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
17  Base  cover  assembly  for  2007  (14.1-in.) 
World-wide 
v    2007-CTO,  xxU,  xxF,  xxL,  xxP,  xxS,  xxY,  xxG,  xxM, 
xxA,  xxQ,  xxB,  xxH,  xxC,  xxE,  xxJ,  xxK  ,  xxT 
41V9943  R  N 
Taiwan 
v    2007-CTO,  xxV 
41V9955  R  N 
Base  cover  assembly  for  2007  (15.0-in.) 
World-wide 
v    2007-CTO,  xxU,  xxF,  xxL,  xxP,  xxS,  xxY,  xxG,  xxM, 
xxA,  xxQ,  xxB,  xxH,  xxC,  xxE,  xxJ,  xxK  ,  xxT 
41V9967  R  N 
Taiwan 
v    2007-CTO,  xxV 
41V9979  R  N 
Base  cover  assembly  for  2008  (14.1-in.) 
World-wide 
v    2008-CTO,  xxU,  xxF,  xxL,  xxP,  xxS,  xxY,  xxG,  xxM, 
xxA,  xxQ,  xxB,  xxH,  xxC,  xxE,  xxJ,  xxK  ,  xxT 
41V9944  R  N 
Taiwan 
v    2008-CTO,  xxV 
41V9956  R  N 
Base  cover  assembly  for  2008  (15.0-in.) 
World-wide 
v    2008-CTO,  xxU,  xxF,  xxL,  xxP,  xxS,  xxY,  xxG,  xxM, 
xxA,  xxQ,  xxB,  xxH,  xxC,  xxE,  xxJ,  xxK  ,  xxT 
41V9968  R  N 
Taiwan 
v    2008-CTO,  xxV 
41V9980  R  N 
Base  cover  assembly  for  2009  (14.1-in.) 
World-wide 
v    2009-CTO,  xxU,  xxF,  xxL,  xxP,  xxS,  xxY,  xxG,  xxM, 
xxA,  xxQ,  xxB,  xxH,  xxC,  xxE,  xxJ,  xxK  ,  xxT 
41V9947  R  N 
Taiwan 
v    2009-CTO,  xxV 
41V9959  R  N 
Base  cover  assembly  for  2009  (15.0-in.) 
World-wide 
v    2009-CTO,  xxU,  xxF,  xxL,  xxP,  xxS,  xxY,  xxG,  xxM, 
xxA,  xxQ,  xxB,  xxH,  xxC,  xxE,  xxJ,  xxK  ,  xxT 
41V9971  R  N 
Taiwan 
v    2009-CTO,  xxV 
41V9983  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
154  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 161 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
17  Base  cover  assembly  for  2613  (14.1-in.) 
World-wide 
v    2613-CTO,  xxU 
41V9945  R  N 
Taiwan 
v    2613-CTO 
41V9957  R  N 
Base  cover  assembly  for  2613  (15.0-in.) 
World-wide 
v    2613-CTO,  xxU 
41V9969  R  N 
Taiwan 
v    2613-CTO 
41V9981  R  N 
Base  cover  assembly  for  2623  (14.1-in.) 
World-wide 
v    2623-CTO,  xxU,  xxF 
41V9946  R  N 
Taiwan 
v    2623-CTO,  xxV 
41V9958  R  N 
Base  cover  assembly  for  2623  (15.0-in.) 
World-wide 
v    2623-CTO,  xxU,  xxF 
41V9970  R  N 
Taiwan 
v    2623-CTO,  xxV 
41V9982  R  N 
Base  cover  assembly  for  2637  (14.1-in.) 
World-wide 
v    2637-CTO,  xxU,  xxF 
41V9948  R  N 
Taiwan 
v    2637-CTO 
41V9960  R  N 
Base  cover  assembly  for  2637  (15.0-in.) 
World-wide 
v    2637-CTO,  xxU,  xxF 
41V9972  R  N 
Taiwan 
v    2637-CTO 
41V9984  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  155

--- Page 162 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
18  256-MB  DDR2-667  SDRAM  SO-DIMM  (PC2-5300)  card 
v    1951-CTO,  22x,  23x,  27x,  2Dx,  2Ex,  32x,  33x,  36x,  3Cx, 
3Ex,  84x,  86x 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  D2x,  D3x,  D4x,  D5x 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  22x,  32x,  33x 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO 
v    2637-CTO 
40Y8401  R  ** 
512-MB  DDR2-667  SDRAM  SO-DIMM  (PC2-5300)  card 
v    1951-CTO,  24x,  25x,  26x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax,  2Bx,  2Cx,  2Fx, 
2Gx,  2Hx,  2Jx,  2Kx,  2Lx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  2Qx,  2Rx, 
2Sx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  34x,  35x,  37x,  38x,  39x,  3Ax,  3Bx, 
3Dx,  3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx,  3Mx,  42x,  43x,  44x, 
45x,  46x,  47x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx, 
4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  52x,  53x,  54x, 
55x,  56x,  57x,  58x,  5Ax,  5Bx,  65x,  72x,  73x,  75x,  82x, 
83x,  85x,  C2x,  F2x,  F3x,  F4x,  F5x,  F6x,  F7x,  F8x,  F9x, 
FAx,  FBx,  FCx,  FDx,  FEx,  G2x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  G6x, 
PBx,  PDx,  PNx,  PPx 
v    1952-CTO,  24x,  2Sx,  2Qx,  2Rx,  3Gx,  43x,  44x,  45x,  4Gx, 
4Mx,  4Nx,  52x,  58x,  C2x 
v    1953-CTO,  D6x,  D7x,  D9x,  DAx,  DBx,  DCx,  DDx,  P3x, 
PKx 
v    1954-CTO,  2Mx,  2Px,  52x,  DEx,  DFx,  DGx,  G2x,  G3x, 
G4x,  G5x,  P4x,  P5x,  P6x,  P7x,  P8x,  P9x,  PBx,  PHx,  PJx, 
PLx,  PMx,  PQx 
v    1955-CTO,  43x 
v    1956-CTO,  43x 
v    2007-CTO,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax,  2Bx, 
34x,  35x,  36x,  37x,  38x,  39x,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  46x, 
47x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Dx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx, 
4Jx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Tx,  4Ux, 
4Vx,  4Yx,  52x,  53x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  57x,  58x,  59x,  5Ax, 
5Bx,  5Cx,  5Dx,  5Ex,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Hx,  5Jx,  5Kx,  5Lx, 
5Mx,  5Nx,  5Qx,  5Ux,  5Vx,  5Wx,  5Xx,  5Yx,  6Bx,  6Ex, 
6Fx,  6Wx,  6Xx,  6Zx,  79x,  7Ax,  7Cx,  7Px,  7Rx,  7Vx, 
7Xx,  8Px,  C2x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  C6x,  C7x,  F2x,  F3x,  F4x, 
F5x,  F6x,  FAx,  FBx,  FCx,  FJx,  FPx,  G2x,  G5x,  G6x, 
G7x,  G8x,  GFx,  GGx,  GHx,  GJx,  J4x,  J5x,  M3x,  M4x, 
N2x,  PPx,  PQx,  PRx,  PSx,  PTx 
v    2008-CTO,  42x,  43x,  44x,  46x,  49x,  4Ax,  55x,  56x,  C2x, 
C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  C6x,  C7x,  G5x 
v    2009-CTO,  42x 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO,  7Qx,  7Ux,  7Xx,  D2x,  D4x,  D5x,  D6x,  D7x, 
D9x,  DAx,  DBx,  DCx,  DFx,  DQx,  DRx,  DSx,  DTx,  KJx, 
M3x,  P4x,  P5x,  P6x,  P7x,  PZx,  Q2x,  Q6x,  Q8x,  QHx, 
QKx,  QMx,  QNx 
v    2637-CTO,  42x 
40Y8402  R  **
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
156  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 163 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
18  1-GB  DDR2-667  SDRAM  SO-DIMM  (PC2-5300)  card 
v    1951-CTO,  4Px,  4Qx,  4Tx,  4Ux,  59x,  62x,  64x,  66x,  67x, 
74x,  76x,  PAx,  PCx,  PEx,  PFx,  PGx 
v    1952-CTO,  4Tx,  4Px 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO,  63x 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  4Px,  5Rx,  5Tx,  62x,  63x,  64x,  65x,  66x,  67x, 
68x,  69x,  6Ax,  6Cx,  6Dx,  6Jx,  6Kx,  6Lx,  6Mx,  6Nx,  6Px, 
6Qx,  6Rx,  6Sx,  6Tx,  6Ux,  6Vx,  6Yx,  72x,  73x,  74x,  75x, 
76x,  77x,  78x,  7Dx,  7Ex,  7Fx,  7Hx,  7Jx,  7Kx,  7Lx,  7Mx, 
7Nx,  7Sx,  7Wx,  82x,  83x,  84x,  85x,  86x,  87x,  88x,  89x, 
8Bx,  8Dx,  8Ex,  8Fx,  8Jx,  8Mx,  8Nx,  8Px,  8Yx,  8Zx,  92x, 
93x,  94x,  95x,  96x,  97x,  98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Cx,  9Ex, 
9Gx,  9Zx,  C8x,  F7x,  F8x,  F9x,  FDx,  FEx,  FFx,  FGx, 
FHx,  FKx,  FLx,  FNx,  FQx,  FRx,  FSx,  FTx,  FUx,  FVx, 
FXx,  G3x,  G4x,  G9x,  GAx,  GBx,  GCx,  GDx,  GEx,  GKx, 
J2x,  J3x,  J6x,  M2x,  M5x,  M6x,  M7x,  M8x,  N3x,  N4x, 
N5x,  P9x,  PAx,  PBx,  PCx,  PFx,  PGx,  PHx,  PJx,  PKx, 
PLx,  PMx,  PUx,  PVx,  PWx,  PXx,  PYx,  QEx,  QGx 
v    2008-CTO,  5Tx,  66x,  6Qx,  7Jx,  7Kx,  83x,  87x,  8Dx,  8Jx, 
8Kx,  8Zx,  93x,  9Ex,  9Zx,  C8x,  G3x,  G4x,  GAx,  GBx, 
GCx,  GDx,  GEx,  J2x,  J3x,  PDx,  PEx,  PNx 
v    2009-CTO,  83x 
v    2613-CTO,  K9x,  KAx,  KBx,  KCx,  Q5x 
v    2623-CTO,  8Kx,  8Yx,  D3x,  D8x,  DDx,  K5x,  K6x,  K7x, 
K8x,  KEx,  KFx,  KHx,  KKx,  KLx,  P2x,  P3x,  P8x,  PKx, 
PMx,  Q3x,  Q4x,  Q7x,  Q9x,  QAx,  QBx,  QCx,  QJx 
v    2637-CTO,  83x 
40Y8403  R  ** 
2-GB  DDR2-667  SDRAM  SO-DIMM  (PC2-5300)  card 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  8Gx,  8Hx,  8Lx,  8Rx,  8Tx 
v    2008-CTO,  8Hx,  8Lx 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO 
v    2637-CTO 
40Y8404  R  **
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  157

--- Page 164 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
18  2-GB  DDR2-533  SDRAM  SO-DIMM  (PC2-4200)  card 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  8Ax 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO 
73P3847  R  ** 
19  System  board  assembly,  Intel  Graphics  Media 
Accelerator  950  without  wireless  WAN 
v    1951-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax, 
2Bx,  2Cx,  2Dx,  2Ex,  2Fx,  2Gx,  2Hx,  2Jx,  2Kx,  2Lx, 
2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x,  38x,  39x, 
3Ax,  3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex,  3Fx,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  46x, 
47x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Lx, 
4Mx,  4Tx,  52x,  53x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  57x,  58x,  86x,  A2x, 
C2x,  F2x,  F3x,  F4x,  F5x,  F6x,  F7x,  F8x,  FCx 
v    1952-CTO,  24x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  4Gx,  4Mx,  4Tx,  52x,  58x, 
C2x 
v    1953-CTO,  D2x,  D3x,  D4x,  D5x,  D6x,  D7x,  D9x,  DAx, 
E2x,  E3x,  E4x,  E5x,  E6x,  E7x,  E8x,  E9x,  EAx,  EFx,  EGx, 
EHx,  EJx,  EKx,  ELx 
v    1954-CTO,  2Mx,  2Px,  52x 
v    1955-CTO,  43x 
v    1956-CTO,  43x 
41W1360  R  N 
System  board  assembly,  Intel  Graphics  Media 
Accelerator  950  without  wireless  WAN 
v    1951-CTO,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  3Gx,  3Hx, 
3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx,  3Mx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Ux,  59x, 
5Ax,  5Bx,  62x,  65x,  66x,  67x,  72x,  75x,  76x,  82x,  83x, 
84x,  85x,  F9x,  FAx,  FDx,  FEx,  G2x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x, 
G6x,  PAx,  PBx,  PDx,  PEx,  PGx,  PNx,  PPx 
v    1952-CTO,  2Sx,  2Qx,  2Rx,  3Gx,  4Nx,  4Px 
v    1953-CTO,  DBx,  DCx,  DDx,  EPx,  EQx,  ERx,  ESx,  ETx, 
EUx,  H9x,  HAx,  HBx,  P3x,  PKx 
v    1954-CTO,  63x,  DEx,  DFx,  G2x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  P4x, 
P5x,  P6x,  P7x,  P8x,  P9x,  PBx,  PHx,  PJx,  PLx,  PMx, 
PQx 
41W1450  R  N 
System  board  assembly,  Intel  Graphics  Media 
Accelerator  950  with  wireless  WAN 
v    1951-CTO,  4Ex,  4Kx 
v    1953-CTO,  EBx,  ECx,  EMx,  ENx 
41W1362  R  N 
Intel  Graphics  Media  Accelerator  950  with  wireless 
WAN 
v    1951-CTO,  64x,  73x,  74x,  FBx,  PCx,  PFx 
v    1953-CTO,  EVx,  EWx,  EXx,  EYx,  EZx,  H2x,  H3x,  H4x, 
H5x,  H6x,  H7x,  H8x 
v    1954-CTO,  DGx 
41W1448  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
158  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 165 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
19  System  board  assembly,  ATI  Mobility  Radeon  X1300 
without  wireless  WAN 
v    2007-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax, 
32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x,  38x,  39x,  42x,  43x,  44x, 
45x,  46x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Cx,  4Dx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Jx,  4Kx, 
4Lx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Tx,  4Ux,  4Vx, 
52x,  53x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  57x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Bx,  5Cx,  5Dx, 
5Ex,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Hx,  5Jx,  5Kx,  5Lx,  5Mx,  5Nx,  5Qx, 
5Rx,  5Ux,  5Vx,  5Wx,  5Xx,  5Yx,  A2x,  A3x,  A5x,  B2x, 
B3x,  B5x,  C2x,  C4x,  C6x,  F2x,  F4x,  F6x,  FCx,  FEx,  FQx, 
G2x,  G6x,  G8x,  G9x,  GAx,  GHx 
v    2008-CTO,  42x,  43x,  44x,  46x,  49x,  4Ax,  55x,  56x,  C2x, 
C3x,  C4x,  C6x,  GAx 
v    2613-CTO,  E2x,  E3x,  E4x,  E5x,  E6x,  E7x,  E8x,  E9x  EFx, 
EGx,  EHx 
v    2623-CTO,  D4x,  D6x,  D9x,  DAx,  DFx,  DRx,  DTx,  GHx 
v    2637-CTO,  42x 
41W1364  R  N 
System  board  assembly,  ATI  Mobility  Radeon  X1300 
without  wireless  WAN 
v    2007-CTO,  2Bx,  FJx,  FTx,  GCx,  GDx,  GEx,  GFx,  GGx, 
GKx,  6Wx,  6Yx,  6Zx,  7Lx,  7Px,  7Vx,  7Wx,  J3x,  J4x,  J5x, 
J6x,  M3x,  P9x,  PAx,  PFx,  PJx,  PPx,  QEx,  QGx 
v    2008-CTO,  GCx,  GDx,  GEx,  J3x,  PDx,  PEx,  PNx 
v    2613-CTO,  HBx,  HCx,  HEx,  HFx,  HHx,  HJx,  HLx, 
HMx,  KCx 
v    2623-CTO,  7Qx,  7Ux,  K5x,  K6x,  K7x,  K8x,  KEx,  KJx, 
M3x,  P2x,  P4x,  P5x,  QNx 
41W1454  R  N 
System  board  assembly,  ATI  Mobility  Radeon  X1300 
with  wireless  WAN 
v    2007-CTO,  47x,  4Bx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Yx,  58x,  7Cx,  F3x, 
F5x,  FAx,  FDx,  G7x 
v    2613-CTO,  EPx,  EQx,  H6x,  H7x 
v    2623-CTO,  D2x,  D5x,  DBx,  DQx 
41W1366  R  N 
System  board  assembly,  ATI  Mobility  Radeon  X1300 
with  wireless  WAN 
v    2007-CTO,  FNx,  FXx,  J2x,  N5x,  PHx 
v    2008-CTO,  J2x 
v    2613-CTO,  HTx,  HUx,  HWx,  HXx,  HZx,  L2x,  L4x, 
L5x,  LBx,  LCx,  LEx,  LFx,  LHx,  LJx,  LLx,  LMx 
41W1452  R  N 
System  board  assembly,  ATI  Mobility  Radeon  X1400 
v    2007-CTO,  5Tx,  62x,  63x,  64x,  65x,  66x,  67x,  68x,  69x, 
6Ax,  6Bx,  6Cx,  6Dx,  6Ex,  6Fx,  6Jx,  6Kx,  6Lx,  6Mx, 
6Nx,  72x,  73x,  74x,  75x,  76x,  77x,  78x,  79x,  7Ax,  7Dx, 
7Ex,  7Fx,  7Hx,  97x,  98x,  A4x,  B4x,  C5x,  C7x,  F7x,  FFx, 
FGx,  FPx,  FRx,  FSx,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  GBx,  GJx 
v    2008-CTO,  5Tx,  66x,  C5x,  C7x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  GBx 
v    2613-CTO,  EAx,  EBx,  ECx,  EJx,  EKx,  ELx,  ERx,  H2x, 
H4x,  H8x 
v    2623-CTO,  D3x,  D7x,  DCx,  DSx,  GJx 
41W1368  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  159

--- Page 166 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
19  System  board  assembly,  ATI  Mobility  Radeon  X1400 
v    2007-CTO,  6Px,  6Qx,  6Rx,  6Sx,  6Tx,  6Ux,  6Vx,  6Xx, 
7Jx,  7Kx,  7Mx,  7Nx,  7Rx,  7Sx,  7Xx,  FKx,  FLx,  FUx, 
FVx,  M2x,  M4x,  M5x,  M6x,  M8x,  N2x,  N3x,  N4x,  PBx, 
PCx,  PGx,  PKx,  PLx,  PQx,  PRx,  PTx,  PUx,  PVx,  PWx, 
PXx 
v    2008-CTO,  6Qx,  7Jx,  7Kx 
v    2613-CTO,  K9x,  KAx,  KBx,  HDx,  HGx,  HKx,  HNx, 
HVx,  HYx,  L3x,  L6x,  LDx,  LGx,  LKx,  LNx,  LTx,  LUx, 
Q5x 
v    2623-CTO,  7Xx,  KFx,  KHx,  KKx,  KLx,  P3x,  P6x,  P7x, 
PKx,  PZx,  Q2x,  Q3x,  Q4x,  Q6x,  Q7x,  Q8x,  Q9x,  QAx, 
QHx,  QKx,  QMx 
41W1456  R  N 
System  board  assembly,  ATI  FireGL  V5200 
v    2007-CTO,  82x,  83x,  84x,  85x,  86x,  87x,  88x,  89x,  8Ax, 
8Bx,  8Dx,  8Ex,  8Fx,  8Gx,  8Yx,  8Zx,  92x,  93x,  94x,  95x, 
96x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Cx,  9Ex,  9Gx,  9Zx,  C8x,  F8x,  F9x, 
FBx,  FHx 
v    2008-CTO,  83x,  87x,  8Dx,  8Zx,  93x,  9Ex,  9Zx,  C8x 
v    2009-CTO,  83x 
v    2613-CTO,  EDx,  EEx,  EMx,  ENx,  ESx,  ETx,  H3x,  H5x, 
H9x 
v    2623-CTO,  8Yx,  D8x,  DDx 
v    2637-CTO,  83x 
41W1370  R  N 
System  board  assembly,  ATI  M62-64  without  wireless 
WAN 
41W1401  R  N 
System  board  assembly,  ATI  M62-64  41W1403  R  N 
System  board  assembly,  ATI  M64-128  41W1405  R  N 
System  board  assembly,  ATI  M66-256 
v    2007-CTO,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Lx,  8Mx,  8Nx,  8Px,  8Rx,  8Tx, 
M7x,  PMx,  PSx,  PYx 
v    2008-CTO,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Kx,  8Lx 
v    2613-CTO,  HPx,  HQx,  L7x,  L8x,  LPx,  LQx,  LVx,  LWx 
v    2623-CTO,  8Kx,  P8x,  PMx,  QBx,  QCx,  QJx 
41W1407  R  N 
20  PC  Card/ExpressCard  slot  41V9930  R  N 
21  CPU  assembly,  Intel  Core  Solo  processor  T1300  (1.6 
GHz) 
v    1951-CTO,  27x,  29x,  2Ax,  2Dx,  2Ex,  2Fx,  36x,  39x,  3Ax, 
A2x,  F2x,  F4x 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  D5x,  E2x,  E8x,  EBx 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  23x,  26x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax,  34x,  38x,  39x 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  E2x 
v    2623-CTO 
v    2637-CTO 
41W1140  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
160  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 167 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
21  CPU  assembly,  Intel  Core  Solo  processor  T1400  (1.83 
GHz) 
v    1951-CTO,  2Hx,  2Kx,  3Ex,  G5x,  G6x 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  EFx,  EJx 
v    1954-CTO,  G5x 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO 
v    2637-CTO 
41W1328  R  N 
CPU  assembly,  Intel  Core  Duo  processor  T2300  (1.60 
GHz) 
v    1951-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  28x,  2Bx,  2Cx,  2Gx, 
32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  37x,  38x,  3Bx,  F3x,  F5x 
v    1952-CTO,  24x 
v    1953-CTO,  D2x,  D3x,  D4x,  D6x,  D7x,  E3x,  E5x,  E9x, 
ECx 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  22x,  24x,  25x,  27x,  32x,  33x,  35x,  36x,  37x, 
4Vx 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  E3x,  E6x,  EFx 
v    2623-CTO,  D2x.  D4x,  D5x,  D9x 
v    2637-CTO 
41W1132  R  N 
CPU  assembly,  Intel  Core  Duo  processor  T2300E  (1.66 
GHz) 
v    1951-CTO,  2Lx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  3Dx,  3Fx,  86x,  F7x, 
FCx 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  D9x,  DAx,  EGx,  EKx 
v    1954-CTO,  2Mx,  2Px, 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO,  DQx,  DRx,  DTx 
v    2637-CTO 
41W1329  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  161

--- Page 168 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
21  CPU  assembly,  Intel  Core  Duo  processor  T2400  (1.83 
GHz) 
v    1951-CTO,  2Jx,  3Cx,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x,  48x, 
4Ax,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Ex,  4Mx,  4Tx,  52x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  57x, 
C2x,  F6x,  F8x 
v    1952-CTO,  43x,  44x,  45x,  4Mx,  4Tx,  52x,  C2x 
v    1953-CTO,  E4x,  E6x,  EAx,  EMx,  ENx 
v    1954-CTO,  52x 
v    1955-CTO,  43x 
v    1956-CTO,  43x 
v    2007-CTO,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x,  48x.  49x,  4Ax, 
4Bx,  4Cx,  4Dx,  4Ex,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  4Px, 
4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Tx,  4Ux,  4Yx,  52x,  53x,  54x,  55x,  56x, 
57x,  58x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Bx,  5Cx,  5Ex,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Hx,  5Jx, 
5Kx,  5Lx,  5Mx,  5Nx,  6Bx,  6Cx,  7Cx,  A2x,  A3x,  A5x, 
B2x,  B3x,  B5x,  C2x,  C3x,  C6x,  F2x,  F3x,  F4x,  F5x,  FAx, 
FPx,  FQx,  FRx,  FSx,  GHx 
v    2008-CTO,  42x,  43x,  44x,  46x,  49x,  4Ax,  55x,  56x,  C2x, 
C3x,  C6x 
v    2009-CTO,  42x 
v    2613-CTO,  E4x,  E7x,  EAx,  EGx,  EJx,  EPx,  EQx 
v    2623-CTO,  D6x,  DAx,  DBx,  DFx,  GHx 
v    2637-CTO,  42x 
41W1134  R  N 
CPU  assembly,  Intel  Core  Duo  processor  T2500  (2.0 
GHz) 
v    1951-CTO,  49x,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  53x,  58x 
v    1952-CTO,  4Gx,  58x 
v    1953-CTO,  E7x,  EHx,  ELx 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  5Dx,  5Qx,  5Rx,  5Tx,  5Ux, 
5Wx,  5Xx,  5Yx,  62x,  63x,  64x,  65x,  66x,  67x,  68x,  69x, 
6Ax,  6Ex,  6Fx,  72x,  73x,  74x,  75x,  76x,  78x,  79x,  7Ax, 
8Yx,  A4x,  B4x,  C4x,  C5x,  C7x,  F6x,  F7x,  F8x,  FCx, 
FDx,  FEx,  FFx,  FHx,  G2x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  G6x,  G8x, 
G9x,  GAx,  GBx,  GJx 
v    2008-CTO,  5Tx,  66x,  C4x,  C5x,  C7x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x, 
GAx,  GBx 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  E5x,  E8x,  EBx,  EDx,  EHx,  EKx,  EMx,  ERx, 
ESx,  ETx,  H6x,  H7x 
v    2623-CTO,  8Yx,  D3x,  D7x,  D8x,  DCx,  DDx,  DSx,  GJx 
v    2637-CTO 
41W1136  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
162  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 169 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
21  CPU  assembly,  Intel  Core  Duo  processor  T2600  (2.13 
GHz) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  5Vx,  6Dx,  6Jx,  6Kx,  6Lx,  6Mx,  6Nx,  77x, 
7Dx,  7Ex,  82x,  83x,  84x,  85x,  86x,  87x,  88x,  89x,  8Ax, 
8Bx,  92x,  93x,  94x,  95x,  96x,  97x,  98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx, 
9Cx,  C8x,  F9x,  G7x 
v    2008-CTO,  83x,  87x,  93x,  C8x 
v    2009-CTO,  83x 
v    2613-CTO,  E9x,  ECx,  EEx,  ELx,  ENx,  H8x,  H9x 
v    2623-CTO 
v    2637-CTO,  83x 
41W1138  R  N 
CPU  assembly,  Intel  Core  Duo  processor  T2700  (2.33 
GHz) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  7Fx,  7Hx,  8Dx,  8Ex,  8Fx,  8Gx,  8Zx,  9Ex, 
9Gx,  9Zx 
v    2008-CTO,  8Dx,  8Zx,  9Ex,  9Zx 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  H2x,  H3x,  H4x,  H5x 
v    2623-CTO 
v    2637-CTO 
41W1327  R  N 
CPU  assembly,  Intel  Core  2  Duo  processor  T5500  (1.66 
GHz) 
v    1951-CTO,  2Qx,  2Sx,  2Ux,  3Hx,  3Kx,  5Ax,  65x,  66x, 
75x,  82x,  84x,  85x,  FDx,  G3x,  G4x,  PBx,  PDx,  PNx 
v    1952-CTO,  2Sx,  2Qx 
v    1953-CTO,  DCx,  DDx,  EPx,  EQx,  ERx,  EVx,  EWx,  EXx, 
H3x,  H4x,  H5x,  P3x 
v    1954-CTO,  G3x,  G4x,  P4x,  P6x,  PBx,  PLx,  PMx,  PQx 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  2Bx,  7Wx,  M4x,  M8x,  N2x,  N5x,  PTx 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  HBx,  HCx,  HDx,  HEx,  HFx,  HGx,  HTx, 
HUx,  HVx,  HWx,  HXx,  HYx,  LBx,  LCx,  LDx,  LEx, 
LFx,  LGx 
v    2623-CTO,  7Ux,  K5x,  K7x,  Q6x 
v    2637-CTO 
41W1409  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  163

--- Page 170 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
21  CPU  assembly,  Intel  Core  2  Duo  processor  T5600  (1.83 
GHz) 
v    1951-CTO,  2Rx,  2Tx,  2Vx,  3Gx,  3Jx,  3Lx,  3Mx,  4Px, 
4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Ux,  59x,  5Bx,  64x,  67x,  73x,  74x,  76x, 
83x,  F9x,  FAx,  FBx,  FEx,  G2x,  PAx,  PCx,  PEx,  PFx, 
PGx,  PPx 
v    1952-CTO,  2Rx,  4Px,  3Gx 
v    1953-CTO,  DBx,  PKx 
v    1954-CTO,  DEx,  DFx,  DGx,  G2x,  P5x,  P7x,  P8x,  P9x, 
PHx,  PJx 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  6Vx,  6Yx,  6Zx,  7Mx,  7Vx,  FJx,  FNx,  FTx, 
FUx,  FVx,  FXx,  GEx,  GFx,  GKx,  J3x,  J4x,  J5x,  J6x,  M5x, 
N3x,  P9x,  PAx,  PFx,  PHx,  PUx,  PWx,  QGx 
v    2008-CTO,  GEx,  J3x,  PDx,  PEx,  PNx 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  KCx,  Q5x 
v    2623-CTO,  K6x,  K8x,  KEx,  KJx,  KLx,  P2x,  Q2x,  Q4x, 
Q8x,  Q9x,  QMx,  QNx 
v    2637-CTO 
41W1410  R  N 
CPU  assembly,  Intel  Core  2  Duo  processor  T7200  (2.0 
GHz) 
v    1951-CTO,  4Nx,  72x 
v    1952-CTO,  4Nx 
v    1953-CTO,  ESx,  ETx,  EUx,  EYx,  EZx,  H2x,  H6x,  H7x, 
H8x,  H9x,  HAx,  HBx 
v    1954-CTO,  63x 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  6Rx,  6Sx,  6Tx,  6Wx,  7Lx,  7Nx,  7Px,  7Xx, 
8Mx,  FKx,  FLx,  GCx,  GDx,  GGx,  J2x,  M3x,  M6x,  M7x, 
N4x,  PBx,  PGx,  PJx,  PKx,  PPx,  PQx,  PVx,  PXx,  PYx, 
QEx 
v    2008-CTO,  GCx,  GDx,  J2x 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  KAx,  HHx,  HJx,  HKx,  HLx,  HMx,  HNx, 
HZx,  L2x,  L3x,  L4x,  L5x,  L6x,  LHx,  LJx,  LKx,  LLx, 
LMx,  LNx,  LTx,  LUx 
v    2623-CTO,  7Qx,  7Xx,  KFx,  KHx,  KKx,  M3x,  P3x,  P4x, 
P5x,  P6x,  P7x,  PKx,  PZx,  Q3x,  Q7x,  QAx,  QHx 
v    2637-CTO 
41W1411  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
164  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 171 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
21  CPU  assembly,  Intel  Core  2  Duo  processor  T7400  (2.16 
GHz) 
v    1951-CTO,  62x 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  6Px,  6Qx,  6Ux,  6Xx,  7Jx,  7Kx,  7Rx,  7Sx, 
8Lx,  8Tx,  M2x,  PCx,  PLx,  PRx 
v    2008-CTO,  6Qx,  7Jx,  7Kx,  8Lx 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  HPx,  K9x,  KBx,  L7x,  LPx,  LVx 
v    2623-CTO,  QBx,  QKx 
v    2637-CTO 
41W1412  R  N 
CPU  assembly,  Intel  Core  2  Duo  processor  T7600  (2.33 
GHz) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Nx,  8Px,  8Rx,  PMx,  PSx 
v    2008-CTO,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Kx 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  HQx,  L8x,  LQx,  LWx 
v    2623-CTO,  8Kx,  P8x,  PMx,  QCx,  QJx 
v    2637-CTO 
41W1413  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  165

--- Page 172 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
22  Speaker  assembly  (14.1-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  22x,  24x,  23x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax, 
2Bx,  2Cx,  2Dx,  2Ex,  2Fx,  2Gx,  2Hx,  2Jx,  2Kx,  2Lx, 
2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  42x, 
43x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Ex, 
4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx, 
4Tx,  4Ux,  62x,  64x,  65x,  66x,  67x,  82x,  83x,  84x,  85x, 
86x,  A2x,  C2x,  F2x,  F3x,  F6x,  F7x,  F9x,  FBx,  FCx,  G2x, 
G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  G6x,  PBx,  PDx,  PEx,  PNx 
v    1952-CTO,  24x,  2Sx,  2Qx,  2Rx,  43x,  44x,  45x,  4Gx, 
4Mx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Tx,  C2x 
v    1953-CTO,  D2x,  D5x,  D6x,  D9x,  DBx,  DDx,  E2x,  E3x, 
E4x,  E5x,  E6x,  E7x,  EBx,  ECx,  EFx,  EGx,  EHx,  EMx, 
ENx,  EPx,  EQx,  ESx,  ETx,  EVx,  EWx,  EYx,  EZx,  H3x, 
H4x,  H6x,  H7x,  H9x,  HAx,  P3x,  PKx 
v    1954-CTO,  2Mx,  2Px,  63x,  DEx,  DFx,  G2x,  G3x,  G4x, 
G5x,  P4x,  P5x,  P8x,  PBx,  PHx,  PJx,  PLx,  PMx,  PQx 
v    1955-CTO,  43x 
v    1956-CTO,  43x 
v    2007-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax, 
2Bx,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx, 
4Cx,  4Dx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx, 
4Nx,  4Px,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Tx,  4Ux,  4Vx,  4Yx,  62x,  63x, 
64x,  65x,  66x,  67x,  68x,  69x,  6Ax,  6Bx,  6Cx,  6Dx,  6Ex, 
6Fx,  6Jx,  6Kx,  6Lx,  6Mx,  6Nx,  6Px,  6Qx,  6Rx,  6Sx,  6Tx, 
6Ux,  6Vx,  6Wx,  6Xx,  6Yx,  6Zx,  82x,  83x,  84x,  85x,  86x, 
87x,  88x,  89x,  8Ax,  8Bx,  8Dx,  8Ex,  8Fx,  8Gx,  8Hx,  8Jx, 
8Lx,  8Mx,  8Nx,  8Px,  8Rx,  8Tx,  8Yx,  8Zx,  A2x,  A3x, 
A4x,  A5x,  C2x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  F2x,  F3x,  FAx,  FCx, 
FDx,  FEx,  FJx,  FNx,  FQx,  FRx,  FUx,  FXx,  G2x,  G3x, 
G4x,  G5x,  G6x,  G7x,  G8x,  G9x,  GAx,  GBx,  GCx,  GDx, 
GEx,  GFx,  GGx,  GHx,  GJx,  GKx,  M2x,  M3x,  M4x, 
M5x,  M5x,  M7x,  M8x,  P9x,  PBx,  PFx,  PHx,  PJx,  PKx, 
PMx,  PPx,  PQx,  PRx,  PSx,  PTx,  PUx,  PVx,  PYx,  QEx 
v    2008-CTO,  42x,  43x,  44x,  46x,  49x,  4Ax,  66x,  6Qx,  83x, 
87x,  8Dx,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Kx,  8Lx,  8Zx,  C2x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x, 
G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  GAx,  GBx,  GCx,  GDx,  GEx,  PDx 
v    2009-CTO,  42x,  83x 
v    2613-CTO,  E2x,  E3x,  E4x,  E5x,  E6x,  E7x,  E8x,  E9x, 
EAx,  EBx,  ECx,  EDx,  EEx,  EPx,  EQx,  ERx,  ESx,  H2x, 
H3x,  H6x,  H7x,  H8x,  H9x,  HBx,  HCx,  HDx,  HHx, 
HJx,  HKx,  HPx,  HQx,  HTx,  HUx,  HVx,  HZx,  K9x, 
KAx,  L2x,  L3x,  L7x,  LBx,  LCx,  LDx,  LHx,  LJx,  LKx, 
LPx,  LQx,  LTx,  LVx,  LWx,  Q5x 
v    2623-CTO,  8Kx,  8Yx,  D2x,  D4x,  D5x,  D6x,  D7x,  D8x, 
DFx,  DQx,  DRx,  DSx,  GHx,  GJx,  K5x,  K6x,  KEx,  KFx, 
KHx,  M3x,  P2x,  P3x,  P4x,  P6x,  P8x,  PKx,  PMx,  PZx, 
Q2x,  Q3x,  Q4x,  Q6x,  Q7x,  QBx,  QCx 
v    2637-CTO,  42x,  83x 
41V9769  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
166  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 173 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
22  Speaker  assembly  (15.0-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  32x,  33x,  34x,  36x,  35x,  37x,  38x,  39x,  3Ax, 
3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex,  3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx, 
3Mx,  52x,  53x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  57x,  58x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Bx, 
72x,  73x,  74x,  75x,  76x,  F4x,  F5x,  F8x,  FAx,  FEx,  PAx, 
PCx,  PFx,  PGx,  PPx 
v    1952-CTO,  3Gx,  52x,  58x 
v    1953-CTO,  D3x,  D4x,  D7x,  DAx,  DCx,  E8x,  E9x,  EAx, 
EJx,  EKx,  ELx,  ERx,  EUx,  EXx,  H2x,  H5x,  H8x,  HBx 
v    1954-CTO,  52x,  DGx,  P6x,  P7x,  P9x 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x,  38x,  39x,  52x, 
53x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  57x,  58x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Bx,  5Cx,  5Dx, 
5Ex,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Hx,  5Jx,  5Kx,  5Lx,  5Mx,  5Nx,  5Qx, 
5Rx,  5Tx,  5Ux,  5Vx,  5Wx,  5Xx,  72x,  73x,  74x,  75x,  76x, 
77x,  78x,  79x,  7Ax,  7Cx,  7Dx,  7Ex,  7Fx,  7Hx,  7Jx,  7Kx, 
7Lx,  7Mx,  7Nx,  7Px,  7Rx,  7Vx,  7Wx,  7Xx,  92x,  93x, 
94x,  95x,  96x,  97x,  98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Cx,  9Ex,  9Gx, 
9Zx,  B2x,  B3x,  B4x,  B5x,  C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  F4x,  F5x,  F6x, 
F7x,  F8x,  F9x,  FBx,  FFx,  FGx,  FHx,  FKx,  FLx,  FPx, 
FVx,  J2x,  J3x,  J4x,  J5x,  J6x,  N2x,  N3x,  N4x,  N5x,  PAx, 
PCx,  PGx,  PLx,  PWx,  PXx,  QGx 
v    2008-CTO,  55x,  56x,  5Tx,  7Jx,  7Kx,  93x,  9Ex,  9Zx,  C6x, 
C7x,  C8x,  J2x,  J3x,  PEx,  PNx 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  EFx,  EGx,  EHx,  EJx,  EKx,  ELx,  EMx,  ENx, 
ETx,  H4x,  H5x,  HEx,  HFx,  HGx,  HLx,  HMx,  HNx, 
HWx,  HXx,  HYx,  KBx,  KCx,  L5x,  L6x,  LEx,  LFx,  LGx, 
LLx,  LMx,  LNx,  LUx 
v    2623-CTO,  7Qx,  7Ux,  7Xx,  D3x,  D9x,  DAx,  DBx,  DCx, 
DDx,  DTx,  K7x,  K8x,  KJx,  KKx,  P5x,  P7x,  Q8x,  Q9x, 
QAx 
v    2637-CTO 
41V9770  R  N 
23  Thermal  device  and  fan  (Integrated) 
v    1951-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax, 
2Bx,  2Cx,  2Dx,  2Ex,  2Fx,  2Gx,  2Hx,  2Jx,  2Kx,  2Lx, 
2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x,  38x,  39x, 
3Ax,  3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex,  3Fx,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  46x, 
47x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx, 
4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx,4Tx,  52x,  53x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  57x,  58x, 
86x,  A2x,  C2x,  F2x,  F3x,  F4x,  F5x,  F6x,  F7x,  F8x,  FCx 
v    1952-CTO,  24x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  4Gx,  4Mx,  52x,  58x,  C2x 
v    1953-CTO,  D2x,  D3x,  D4x,  D5x,  D6x,  D7x,  D9x,  DAx, 
E2x,  E3x,  E4x,  E5x,  E6x,  E7x,  E8x,  E9x,  EAx,  EBx,  ECx, 
EFx,  EGx,  EHx,  EJx,  EKx,  ELx,  EMx,  ENx 
v    1954-CTO,  2Mx,  2Px,  52x 
v    1955-CTO,  43x 
v    1956-CTO,  43x 
41V9931  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  167

--- Page 174 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
23  Thermal  device  and  fan  (Integrated) 
v    1951-CTO,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  3Gx,  3Hx, 
3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx,  3Mx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Ux,  59x, 
5Ax,  5Bx,  62x,  64x,  65x,  66x,  67x,  72x,  73x,  74x,  75x, 
76x,  82x,  83x,  84x,  85x,  FAx,  FBx,  FDx,  FEx,  G2x,  G3x, 
G4x,  G5x,  PAx,  PCx,  PDx,  PEx,  PFx,  PGx 
v    1952-CTO,  2Sx,  2Qx,  2Rx,  3Gx,  4Px,  4Nx 
v    1953-CTO,  DBx,  DCx,  DDx,  EPx,  EQx,  ERx,  ESx,  ETx, 
EUx,  EVx,  EWx,  EXx,  EYx,  EZx,  H2x,  H3x,  H4x,  H5x, 
H6x,  H7x,  H8x,  H9x,  HAx,  HBx,  P3x,  PKx 
v    1954-CTO,  63x,  DEx,  DFx,  DGx,  G2x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x, 
P4x,  P5x,  P6x,  P7x,  P8x,  P9x,  PBx,  PHx,  PJx,  PLx,  PMx 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
41W6406  R  N 
Thermal  device  and  fan  (Discrete) 
v    2007-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax, 
32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x,  38x,  39x,  42x,  43x,  45x, 
46x,  47x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Dx,  4Ex,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx, 
4Lx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Tx,  4Ux,  4Vx, 
4Yx,  52x,  53x,  54x,  55x,  55x,  56x,  57x,  58x,  59x,  5Ax, 
5Bx,  5Cx,  5Dx,  5Ex,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Hx,  5Jx,  5Kx,  5Lx, 
5Mx,  5Nx,  5Qx,  5Rx,  5Tx,  5Ux,  5Vx,  5Wx,  5Xx,  5Yx, 
62x,  63x,  64x,  65x,  66x,  67x,  68x,  69x,  6Ax,  6Bx,  6Cx, 
6Dx,  6Ex,  6Fx,  6Jx,  6Kx,  6Lx,  6Mx,  6Nx,  72x,  73x,  74x, 
75x,  76x,  77x,  78x,  79x,  7Ax,  7Cx,  7Dx,  7Ex,  7Fx,  7Hx, 
82x,  83x,  84x,  85x,  86x,  87x,  88x,  89x,  8Ax,  8Bx,  8Dx, 
8Ex,  8Fx,  8Gx,  8Yx,  8Zx,  92x,  93x,  94x,  95x,  96x,  97x, 
98x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Cx,  9Ex,  9Gx,  9Zx,  A2x,  A3x,  A4x, 
A5x,  B2x,  B3x,  B4x,  B5x,  C2x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  C6x, 
C7x,  C8x,  F2x,  F3x,  F4x,  F5x,  F6x,  F7x,  F8x,  F9x,  FBx, 
FCx,  FDx,  FEx,  FFx,  FGx,  FHx,  FPx,  FQx,  FRx,  FSx, 
G2x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  G6x,  G7x,  G8x,  G9x,  GAx,  GBx, 
GHx,  GJx 
v    2008-CTO,  42x,  43x,  44x,  46x,  49x,  4Ax,  55x,  56x,  5Tx, 
66x,  83x,  87x,  8Dx,  8Zx,  93x,  9Ex,  9Zx,  C2x,  C3x,  C4x, 
C5x,  C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  GAx,  GBx 
v    2009-CTO,  42x,  83x 
v    2613-CTO,  E2x,  E3x,  E4x,  E5x,  E6x,  E7x,  E8x,  E9x, 
EAx,  EBx,  ECx,  EDx,  EEx,  EFx,  EGx,  EHx,  EJx,  EKx, 
ELx,  EMx,  ENx,  EPx,  EQx,  ERx,  ESx,  ETx,  H2x,  H3x, 
H4x,  H5x,  H6x,  H7x,  H8x,  H9x 
v    2623-CTO,  8Yx,  D2x,  D3x,  D4x,  D5x,  D6x,  D7x,  D8x, 
D9x,  DAx,  DBx,  DCx,  DDx,  DFx,  DQx,  DRx,  DSx, 
DTx,  GHx,  GJx 
v    2637-CTO,  42x,  83x 
41V9932  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
168  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 175 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
23  Thermal  device  and  fan  (Discrete) 
v    2007-CTO,  2Bx,  6Px,  6Qx,  6Rx,  6Sx,  6Tx,  6Ux,  6Vx, 
6Wx,  6Xx,  6Yx,  6Zx,  7Jx,  7Kx,  7Lx,  7Mx,  7Nx,  7Px, 
7Rx,  7Sx,  7Vx,  7Wx,  7Xx,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Kx,  8Lx,  8Mx, 
8Nx,  8Px,  8Rx,  8Tx,  FJx,  FKx,  FLx,  FNx,  FTx,  FUx, 
FVx,  FXx,  GCx,  GDx,  GEx,  GFx,  GGx,  GKx,  J2x,  J3x, 
J4x,  J5x,  J6x,  M2x,  M3x,  M4x,  M5x,  M6x,  M7x,  N2x, 
N3x,  N4x,  P9x,  PAx,  PBx,  PCx,  PFx,  PGx,  PHx,  PJx, 
PLx,  PPx,  PQx,  PRx,  PSx,  PTx,  PUx,  PVx,  PWx,  PXx, 
PYx 
v    2008-CTO,  6Qx,  7Jx,  7Kx,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Kx,  8Lx,  GCx, 
GDx,  GEx,  J2x,  J3x,  PDx,  PEx,  PNx 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  HBx,  HCx,  HDx,  HEx,  HFx,  HGx,  HHx, 
HJx,  HKx,  HLx,  HMx,  HNx,  HPx,  HQx,  K9x,  KAx, 
KBx,  KCx,  HTx,  HUx,  HVx,  HWx,  HXx,  HYx,  HZx, 
L2x,  L3x,  L4x,  L5x,  L6x,  L7x,  L8x,  LBx,  LCx,  LDx, 
LEx,  LFx,  LGx,  LHx,  LJx,  LKx,  LLx,  LMx,  LNx,  LPx, 
LQx,  LTx,  LUx,  LVx,  LWx,  Q5x 
v    2623-CTO,  7Qx,  7Ux,  7Xx,  8Kx,  K5x,  K6x,  K7x,  K8x, 
KEx,  KFx,  KHx,  KJx,  KKx,  M3x,  P2x,  P3x,  P4x,  P5x, 
P6x,  P7x,  P8x,  PKx,  PMx,  PZx,  Q2x,  Q3x,  Q4x,  Q6x, 
Q7x,  Q8x,  Q9x,  QAx,  QBx,  QCx 
v    2637-CTO 
41W6407  R  N 
24  Sierra  Wireless  EV-DO  Wireless  WAN  Mini  PCI  Express 
Adapter 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  EBx.  ECx,  EMx,  EVx,  EWx,  EXx,  EYx,  EZx, 
H2x 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  47x,  4Bx,  58x,  64x,  67x,  74x,  84x,  94x 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  EPx,  EQx,  ERx,  ESx,  ETx,  HTx,  HUx,  HVx, 
HWx,  HXx,  HYx,  HZx,  L2x,  L3x,  L4x,  L5x,  L6x,  L7x, 
L8x 
v    2623-CTO,  D2x,  D3x,  D5x,  D7x,  D8x,  DBx,  DCx,  DDx, 
DQx,  KFx,  P3x 
v    2637-CTO 
41W1177  R  **
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  169

--- Page 176 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
24  Sierra  Wireless  EV-DO  Wireless  WAN  Mini  PCI  Express 
Adapter 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  M8x,  N5x 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO,  KLx 
v    2637-CTO 
42T0863  R  ** 
Sierra  Wireless  MC8755  PCI  Express  MiniCard 
v    1951-CTO,  4Ex,  73x,  74x,  FBx,  PCx,  PFx 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO,  DGx 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Yx,  69x,  6Nx,  6Xx,  7Cx,  7Hx, 
7Rx,  88x,  98x,  99x,  F3x,  F5x,  F7x,  FAx,  FDx,  FGx,  FNx, 
FXx,  G7x,  M6x,  N4x,  PHx,  PVx,  PXx 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO,  KHx,  Q3x,  Q9x 
v    2637-CTO 
42T0835  R  ** 
Integrated  Cingular  HSDPA  3G  Wireless  Broadband 
Network  Adapter 
v    1951-CTO,  4Kx 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  ENx,  H3x,  H4x,  H5x,  H6x,  H7x,  H8x 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  6Kx,  8Ex 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  H6x,  H7x,  H8x,  H9x,  LBx,  LCx,  LDx,  LEx, 
LFx,  LGx,  LHx,  LJx,  LKx,  LLx,  LMx,  LNx,  LPx,  LQx 
v    2623-CTO,  DSx 
v    2637-CTO 
42T0804  R  ** 
25  Keyboard  (see  “Keyboard”  on  page  204.) 
26  TrackPoint  stick  caps  91P9642  R  * 
—  Thermal  grease  91P8835  R  N 
—  Telephone  cable,  RoHS  91P6915  R  * 
—  AC  adapter  (see  “AC  adapters”  on  page  215.) 
 
Parts  list
 
170  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 177 ---
LCD  FRUs 
1
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
2
  
 
 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  171

--- Page 178 ---
14.1-in.  XGA  TFT 
 
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
1  LCD  cover  kit  (14.1-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax, 
2Bx,  2Cx,  2Dx,  2Ex,  2Fx,  2Gx,  2Hx,  2Jx,  2Kx,  2Lx, 
2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  42x, 
43x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Ex, 
4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Rx,  4Sx, 
4Tx,  4Ux,  64x,  65x,  66x,  67x,  82x,  83x,  84x,  85x,  86x, 
A2x,  C2x,  F2x,  F3x,  F6x,  F7x,  F9x,  FBx,  FCx,  FDx,  G3x, 
G4x,  G5x,  G6x,  PBx,  PDx,  PEx,  PNx 
v    1952-CTO,  24x,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx,  43x,  44x,  45x,  4Gx, 
4Mx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Tx,  C2x 
v    1953-CTO,  D2x,  D5x,  D6x,  D9x,  DBx,  DDx,  E2x,  E3x, 
E4x,  EBx,  ECx,  EEx,  EFx,  EGx,  EHx,  EMx,  ENx,  EPx, 
ESx,  EVx,  EYx,  H3x,  H6x,  H9x,  P3x,  PKx 
v    1954-CTO,  2Mx,  2Px,  63x,  DEx,  DFx,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x, 
P4x,  P5x,  P8x,  PBx,  PHx,  PJx,  PLx,  PMx 
v    1955-CTO,  43x 
v    1956-CTO,  43x 
v    2007-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax, 
2Bx,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x,  48x,  4Dx,  4Fx,  4Gx, 
4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Mx,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Tx,  4Ux,  4Vx, 
4Yx,  A2x,  A3x,  C2x,  FAx,  FCx,  FDx,  FEx,  FJx,  FQx, 
FNx,  FTx,  FXx,  G2x,  G7x,  G8x,  G9x,  GAx,  GDx,  GFx, 
GGx,  P9x,  PFx,  PHx,  PJx,  PPx,  QEx 
v    2008-CTO,  42x,  43x,  44x,  46x,  C2x,  GAx,  GDx 
v    2009-CTO,  42x 
v    2613-CTO,  E2x,  E3x,  E4x,  E5x,  EPx,  H6x,  HBx,  HHx, 
HTx,  HZx,  LBx,  LHx 
v    2623-CTO,  D5x,  P4x 
v    2637-CTO,  42x 
13N7135  R  N 
2  Wireless  WAN  antenna  (14.1-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  4Kx 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  EBx,  ECx,  EMx,  ENx,  EVx,  EYx,  H3x,  H6x 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  47x 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  EPx,  H6x,  HTx,  HZx,  LBx,  LHx 
v    2623-CTO,  D5x,  DQx 
v    2637-CTO 
91P6988  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
172  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 179 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
2  Wireless  WAN  antenna  (14.1-in.,  Vodafone) 
v    1951-CTO,  4Ex,  64x,  FBx 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  4Ex,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Yx,  F3x,  FAx,  FDx,  FNx, 
FXx,  G7x,  PHx,  PVx 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO 
v    2637-CTO 
42W2671  R  N 
Wireless  WAN  blank  cover  (14.1-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax, 
2Bx,  2Cx,  2Dx,  2Ex,  2Fx,  2Gx,  2Hx,  2Jx,  2Kx,  2Lx, 
2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  42x, 
43x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Fx, 
4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Lx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Tx, 
4Ux,  65x,  66x,  67x,  82x,  83x,  84x,  85x,  86x,  A2x,  C2x, 
G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  G6x,  F2x,  F3x,  F6x,  F7x,  F9x,  FCx,  FDx, 
PBx,  PDx,  PEx,  PNx 
v    1952-CTO,  24x,  2Sx,  2Qx,  2Rx,  43x,  44x,  45x,  4Gx, 
4Mx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Tx,  C2x 
v    1953-CTO,  D2x,  D5x,  D6x,  D9x,  DBx,  DDx,  E2x,  E3x, 
E4x,  EFx,  EGx,  EHx,  EPx,  ESx,  H9x,  P3x,  PKx 
v    1954-CTO,  2Mx,  2Px,  63x,  DEx,  DFx,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x, 
P4x,  P5x,  P8x,  PBx,  PHx,  PJx,  PLx,  PMx 
v    1955-CTO,  43x 
v    1956-CTO,  43x 
v    2007-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax, 
2Bx,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  48x,  4Dx,  4Fx,  4Jx,  4Kx, 
4Mx,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Tx,  4Ux,  4Vx,  A2x,  A3x,  C2x, 
F2x,  FCx,  FEx,  FJx,  FQx,  FTx,  G2x,  G8x,  G9x,  GAx, 
GDx,  GFx,  GGx,  P9x,  PFx,  PJx,  PPx,  QEx 
v    2008-CTO,  42x,  43x,  44x,  46x,  C2x,  GAx,  GDx 
v    2009-CTO,  42x 
v    2613-CTO,  E2x,  E3x,  E4x,  E5x,  HBx,  HHx 
v    2623-CTO,  P4x 
v    2637-CTO,  42x 
41V9909  R  * 
Wireless  LAN  3rd  antenna  (14.1-in.) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  H9x 
v    1954-CTO,  63x 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  PFx,  PGx,  QDx 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO 
v    2637-CTO 
42R9909  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  173

--- Page 180 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
3  LCD  cable  assembly  without  Bluetooth  (14.1-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  22x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  28x,  29x,  2Cx,  2Dx,  2Ex, 
2Jx,  2Kx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  42x,  43x, 
44x,  46x,  47x,  48x,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Nx, 
4Px,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Tx,  4Ux,  65x,  66x,  82x,  83x,  84x,  85x, 
86x,  A2x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  G6x,  PBx,  PDx 
v    1952-CTO,  24x,  2Qx,  2Rx,  43x,  44x,  4Gx,  4Mx,  4Nx, 
4Px,  4Tx 
v    1953-CTO,  D2x,  D5x,  D6x,  D9x,  DBx,  DDx,  P3x 
v    1954-CTO,  2Mx,  2Px,  DEx,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  PBx,  PHx, 
PLx 
v    1955-CTO,  43x 
v    1956-CTO,  43x 
v    2007-CTO,  22x,  23x,  27x,  28x,  2Bx,  42x,  44x,  45x,  46x, 
48x,  4Dx,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Tx,  A2x,  G8x,  G9x,  GAx, 
GFx,  GGx,  PJx,  QEx 
v    2008-CTO,  42x,  44x,  46x,  GAx,  GDx 
v    2009-CTO,  42x 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO,  D5x,  DQx,  QNx 
v    2637-CTO,  42x 
91P6982  R  N 
LCD  cable  assembly  with  Bluetooth  (14.1-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  23x,  27x,  2Ax,  2Bx,  2Fx,  2Gx,  2Hx,  2Sx, 
2Tx,  45x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Jx,  64x,  67x,  C2x,  F2x, 
F3x,  F6x,  F7x,  F9x,  FBx,  FCx,  FDx,  PEx,  PNx 
v    1952-CTO,  2Sx,  45x,  C2x 
v    1953-CTO,  E2x,  E3x,  E4x,  EBx,  ECx,  EEx,  EFx,  EGx, 
EHx,  EMx,  ENx,  EPx,  ESx,  EVx,  EYx,  H3x,  H6x,  H9x, 
PKx 
v    1954-CTO,  63x,  DFx,  P4x,  P5x,  P8x,  PJx,  PMx 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  24x,  25x,  26x,  29x,  2Ax,  43x,  47x,  4Fx,  4Gx, 
4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Mx,  4Ux,  4Vx,  4Yx,  A3x,  C2x,  F2x, 
F3x,  FAx,  FCx,  FDx,  FEx,  FJx,  FNx,  FQx,  FTx,  FXx, 
G2x,  G7x,  P9x,  PFx,  PHx,  PPx 
v    2008-CTO,  43x,  C2x 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  E2x,  E3x,  E4x,  E5x,  EPx,  H6x,  HBx,  HHx, 
HTx,  HZx,  LBx,  LHx 
v    2623-CTO,  P4x 
v    2637-CTO 
91P6984  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
174  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 181 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
4  Hinge,  14.1-in. 
v    1951-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax,  2Bx,  2Cx,  2Dx,  2Ex,  2Fx,  2Gx, 
2Hx,  2Jx,  2Kx,  2Lx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx, 
4Cx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx,  4Tx,  86x,  A2x,  C2x,  F2x,  F3x,  F6x, 
F7x,  FCx 
v    1952-CTO,  24x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  4Gx,  4Mx,  4Tx,  C2x 
v    1953-CTO,  D2x,  D5x,  D6x,  D9x,  E2x,  E3x,  E4x,  EBx,  ECx,  EEx,  EFx,  EGx,  EHx, 
EMx,  ENx 
v    1954-CTO,  2Mx,  2Px 
v    1955-CTO,  43x 
v    1956-CTO,  43x 
v    2007-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x, 
48x,  4Dx,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Mx,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Tx,  4Ux,  4Vx,  4Yx,  A2x, 
A3x,  C2x,  FAx,  FCx,  FDx,  FEx,  FQx,  G2x,  G7x,  G8x,  G9x,  GAx 
v    2008-CTO,  42x,  43x,  44x,  46x,  C2x,  GAx 
v    2009-CTO,  42x 
v    2613-CTO,  E2x,  E3x,  E4x,  E5x,  EPx,  H6x 
v    2623-CTO,  D5x,  DQx 
v    2637-CTO,  42x 
Kato  41V9901  R  N 
Reel  41V9902  R  N 
Hinges,  14.1-in. 
v    1951-CTO,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  4Px,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Ux,  64x,  65x,  66x,  67x, 
82x,  83x,  84x,  85x,  F9x,  FBx,  FDx,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  G6x,  PBx,  PDx,  PEx,  PNx 
v    1952-CTO,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx,  4Nx,  4Px 
v    1953-CTO,  DBx,  DDx,  EEx,  EPx,  ESx,  EVx,  EYx,  H3x,  H6x,  H9x,  P3x,  PKx 
v    1954-CTO,  63x,  DEx,  DFx,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  P4x,  P5x,  P8x,  PBx,  PHx,  PJx,  PLx,  PMx 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  2Bx,  FJx,  FNx,  FTx,  FXx,  GDx,  GFx,  GGx,  P9x,  PFx,  PHx,  PJx,  PPx,  QEx 
v    2008-CTO,  GDx 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  HBx,  HHx,  HTx,  HZx,  LBx,  LHx 
v    2623-CTO,  P4x 
v    2637-CTO 
Kato  42R9906  R  N 
Reel  42R9907  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  175

--- Page 182 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
5  Wireless  LAN  antenna  (14.1-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax,  2Bx,  2Cx,  2Dx,  2Ex,  2Fx,  2Gx, 
2Hx,  2Jx,  2Kx,  2Lx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  42x,  43x,  44x, 
45x,  46x,  47x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx, 
4Nx,  4Px,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Tx,  4Ux,  64x,  65x,  66x,  67x,  82x,  83x,  84x,  85x,  86x,  A2x,  C2x, 
F2x,  F3x,  F6x,  F7x,  F9x,  FBx,  FCx,  FDx,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  G6x,  PBx,  PDx,  PEx,  PNx 
v    1952-CTO,  24x,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx,  43x,  44x,  45x,  4Gx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Tx,  C2x 
v    1953-CTO,  D2x,  D5x,  D6x,  D9x,  DBx,  DDx,  E2x,  E3x,  E4x,  EBx,  ECx,  EEx,  EFx, 
EGx,  EHx,  EMx,  ENx,  EPx,  ESx,  EVx,  EYx,  H3x,  H6x,  H9x,  P3x,  PKx 
v    1954-CTO,  2Mx,  2Px,  63x,  DEx,  DFx,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  P4x,  P5x,  P8x,  PBx,  PHx,  PJx, 
PLx,  PMx 
v    1955-CTO,  43x 
v    1956-CTO,  43x 
v    2007-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax,  2Bx,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  46x, 
47x,  48x,  4Dx,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Mx,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Tx,  4Ux,  4Vx,  4Yx, 
A2x,  A3x,  C2x,  FAx,  FCx,  FDx,  FEx,  FJx,  FQx,  FNx,  FTx,  FXx,  G2x,  G7x,  G8x,  G9x, 
GAx,  GDx,  GFx,  GGx,  P9x,  PFx,  PHx,  PJx,  PPx,  QEx 
v    2008-CTO,  42x,  43x,  44x,  46x,  C2x,  GAx,  GDx 
v    2009-CTO,  42x 
v    2613-CTO,  E2x,  E3x,  E4x,  E5x,  EPx,  H6x,  HBx,  HHx,  HTx,  HZx,  LBx,  LHx 
v    2623-CTO,  D5x,  P4x 
v    2637-CTO,  42x 
LIPC  (Hitachi)  91P6986  R  N 
LIPC  (Foxconn)  91P7017  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
176  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 183 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
6  Inverter  card  (14.1-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax, 
2Bx,  2Cx,  2Dx,  2Ex,  2Fx,  2Gx,  2Hx,  2Jx,  2Kx,  2Lx, 
2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  42x, 
43x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Ex, 
4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Rx,  4Sx, 
4Tx,  4Ux,  64x,  65x,  66x,  67x,  82x,  83x,  84x,  85x,  86x, 
A2x,  C2x,  F2x,  F3x,  F6x,  F7x,  F9x,  FBx,  FCx,  FDx,  G3x, 
G4x,  G5x,  G6x,  PBx,  PDx,  PEx,  PNx 
v    1952-CTO,  24x,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx,  43x,  44x,  45x,  4Gx, 
4Mx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Tx,  C2x 
v    1953-CTO,  D2x,  D5x,  D6x,  D9x,  DBx,  DDx,  E2x,  E3x, 
E4x,  EBx,  ECx,  EEx,  EFx,  EGx,  EHx,  EMx,  ENx,  EPx, 
ESx,  EVx,  EYx,  H3x,  H6x,  H9x,  P3x,  PKx 
v    1954-CTO,  2Mx,  2Px,  63x,  DEx,  DFx,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x, 
P4x,  P5x,  P8x,  PBx,  PHx,  PJx,  PLx,  PMx 
v    1955-CTO,  43x 
v    1956-CTO,  43x 
v    2007-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax, 
2Bx,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x,  48x,  4Dx,  4Fx,  4Gx, 
4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Mx,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Tx,  4Ux,  4Vx, 
4Yx,  A2x,  A3x,  C2x,  FAx,  FCx,  FDx,  FEx,  FJx,  FQx, 
FNx,  FTx,  FXx,  G2x,  G7x,  G8x,  G9x,  GAx,  GDx,  GFx, 
GGx,  P9x,  PFx,  PHx,  PJx,  PPx,  QEx 
v    2008-CTO,  42x,  43x,  44x,  46x,  C2x,  GAx,  GDx 
v    2009-CTO,  42x 
v    2613-CTO,  E2x,  E3x,  E4x,  E5x,  EPx,  H6x,  HBx,  HHx, 
HTx,  HZx,  LBx,  LHx 
v    2623-CTO,  D5x,  P4x 
v    2637-CTO,  42x 
41W1010  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  177

--- Page 184 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
7  Bluetooth  daughter  card  (BDC-2) 
v    1951-CTO,  23x,  27x,  2Ax,  2Bx,  2Fx,  2Gx,  2Hx,  2Sx, 
2Tx,  45x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Jx,  64x,  67x,  C2x,  F2x, 
F3x,  F6x,  F7x,  F9x,  FBx,  FCx,  FDx,  PEx,  PNx 
v    1952-CTO,  2Sx,  45x,  C2x 
v    1953-CTO,  E2x,  E3x,  E4x,  EBx,  ECx,  EEx,  EFx,  EGx, 
EHx,  EMx,  ENx,  EPx,  ESx,  EVx,  EYx,  H3x,  H6x,  H9x, 
PKx 
v    1954-CTO,  63x,  DFx,  P4x,  P5x,  P8x,  PJx,  PMx 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  24x,  25x,  26x,  29x,  2Ax,  43x,  47x,  4Fx,  4Gx, 
4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Mx,  4Ux,  4Vx,  4Yx,  A3x,  C2x,  F2x, 
F3x,  FAx,  FCx,  FDx,  FEx,  FJx,  FNx,  FQx,  FTx,  FXx, 
G2x,  G7x,  P9x,  PFx,  PHx,  PPx 
v    2008-CTO,  43x,  C2x 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  E2x,  E3x,  E4x,  E5x,  EPx,  H6x,  HBx,  HHx, 
HTx,  HZx,  LBx,  LHx 
v    2623-CTO,  P4x 
v    2637-CTO 
39T0497  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
178  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 185 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
8  LCD  panel,  14.1-in.  XGA 
v    1951-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax,  2Bx,  2Cx,  2Dx,  2Ex,  2Fx,  2Gx, 
2Hx,  2Jx,  2Kx,  2Lx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  42x,  43x,  44x, 
45x,  46x,  47x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx, 
4Nx,  4Px,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Tx,  4Ux,  64x,  65x,  66x,  67x,  82x,  83x,  84x,  85x,  86x,  A2x,  C2x, 
F2x,  F3x,  F6x,  F7x,  F9x,  FBx,  FCx,  FDx,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  G6x,  PBx,  PDx,  PEx,  PNx 
v    1952-CTO,  24x,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx,  43x,  44x,  45x,  4Gx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Tx,  C2x 
v    1953-CTO,  D2x,  D5x,  D6x,  D9x,  DBx,  DDx,  E2x,  E3x,  E4x,  EBx,  ECx,  EEx,  EFx, 
EGx,  EHx,  EMx,  ENx,  EPx,  ESx,  EVx,  EYx,  H3x,  H6x,  H9x,  P3x,  PKx 
v    1954-CTO,  2Mx,  2Px,  63x,  DEx,  DFx,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  P4x,  P5x,  P8x,  PBx,  PHx,  PJx, 
PLx,  PMx 
v    1955-CTO,  43x 
v    1956-CTO,  43x 
v    2007-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax,  2Bx,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  46x, 
47x,  48x,  4Dx,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Mx,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Tx,  4Ux,  4Vx,  4Yx, 
A2x,  A3x,  C2x,  FAx,  FCx,  FDx,  FEx,  FJx,  FQx,  FNx,  FTx,  FXx,  G2x,  G7x,  G8x,  G9x, 
GAx,  GDx,  GFx,  GGx,  P9x,  PFx,  PHx,  PJx,  PPx,  QEx 
v    2008-CTO,  42x,  43x,  44x,  46x,  C2x,  GAx,  GDx 
v    2009-CTO,  42x 
v    2613-CTO,  E2x,  E3x,  E4x,  E5x,  EPx,  H6x,  HBx,  HHx,  HTx,  HZx,  LBx,  LHx 
v    2623-CTO,  D5x,  P4x 
v    2637-CTO,  42x 
Samsung  13N7051  R  N 
CMO  13N7053  R  N 
BOE-Hydis  13N7055  R  N 
TMD  13N7057  R  N 
9  Clear  plate  kit  41W4505  R  N 
 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  179

--- Page 186 ---
14.1-in.  SXGA+  TFT 
 
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
1  LCD  cover  kit  (14.1-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  4Qx,  62x,  G2x 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  E5x,  E6x,  E7x,  EQx,  ETx,  EWx,  EZx,  H4x, 
H7x,  HAx 
v    1954-CTO,  G2x,  PQx 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Ex,  4Lx,  4Nx,  4Px, 
62x,  63x,  64x,  65x,  66x,  67x,  68x,  69x,  6Ax,  6Bx,  6Cx, 
6Dx,  6Ex,  6Fx,  6Jx,  6Kx,  6Lx,  6Mx,  6Nx,  6Px,  6Qx, 
6Rx,  6Sx,  6Tx,  6Ux,  6Vx,  6Wx,  6Xx,  6Yx,  6Zx,  82x,  83x, 
84x,  85x,  86x,  87x,  88x,  89x,  8Ax,  8Bx,  8Dx,  8Ex,  8Fx, 
8Gx,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Lx,  8Mx,  8Nx,  8Px,  8Rx,  8Tx,  8Yx, 
8Zx,  A4x,  A5x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  FRx,  FUx,  G3x,  G4x, 
G5x,  G6x,  GBx,  GCx,  GEx,  GHx,  GJx,  GKx,  M2x,  M3x, 
M4x,  M5x,  M6x,  M7x,  M8x,  PBx,  PKx,  PMx,  PQx,  PRx, 
PSx,  PTx,  PUx,  PVx,  PYx 
v    2008-CTO,  49x,  4Ax,  66x,  6Qx,  83x,  87x,  8Dx,  8Hx,  8Jx, 
8Kx,  8Lx,  8Zx,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  GBx, 
GCx,  GEx,  PDx 
v    2009-CTO,  83x 
v    2613-CTO,  E6x,  E7x,  E8x,  E9x,  EAx,  EBx,  ECx,  EDx, 
EEx,  EQx,  ERx,  ESx,  H2x,  H3x,  H7x,  H8x,  H9x,  K9x, 
HCx,  HDx,  HJx,  HKx,  HPx,  HQx,  HUx,  HVx,  KAx, 
L2x,  L3x,  L7x,  L8x,  LCx,  LDx,  LJx,  LKx,  LPx,  LQx, 
LTx,  LVx,  LWx,  Q5x 
v    2623-CTO,  8Kx,  8Yx,  D2x,  D4x,  D6x,  D7x,  D8x,  DFx, 
DRx,  DSx,  GHx.  GJx,  K5x,  K6x,  KEx,  KFx,  KHx,  M3x, 
P2x,  P3x,  P6x,  P8x,  PKx,  PMx,  PZx,  Q2x,  Q3x,  Q4x, 
Q6x,  Q7x,  QBx,  QCx,  QHx,  QJx,  QKx,  QLx,  QMx, 
QNx 
v    2637-CTO,  83x 
13N7135  R  N 
2  Wireless  WAN  antenna  (14.1-in.) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  EWx,  EZx,  H4x,  H7x 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  4Bx,  64x,  67x,  6Kx,  84x,  8Ex 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  EQx,  ERx,  ESx,  H7x,  H8x,  H9x,  HUx,  HVx, 
L2x,  L3x,  L7x,  L8x,  LCx,  LDx,  LJx,  LKx,  LPx,  LQx 
v    2623-CTO,  D2x,  D7x,  D8x,  DSx,  KFx,  P3x 
v    2637-CTO 
91P6988  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
180  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 187 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
2  Wireless  WAN  antenna  (14.1-in.,  Vodafone) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  69x,  6Nx,  6Xx,  88x,  KHx,  M6x,  PVx 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO,  Q3x 
v    2637-CTO 
91P7028  R  N 
Wireless  WAN  blank  cover  (14.1-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  4Qx,  62x,  G2x 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  E5x,  E6x,  E7x,  EQx,  ETx,  HAx 
v    1954-CTO,  G2x,  PQx 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  49x,  4Ax,  4Cx,  4Ex,  4Lx,  4Nx,  4Px,  62x, 
63x,  65x,  66x,  68x,  6Ax,  6Bx,  6Cx,  6Dx,  6Ex,  6Fx,  6Jx, 
6Lx,  6Mx,  6Px,  6Qx,  6Rx,  6Sx,  6Tx,  6Ux,  6Vx,  6Wx, 
6Yx,  6Zx,  82x,  83x,  85x,  86x,  87x,  89x,  8Ax,  8Bx,  8Dx, 
8Fx,  8Gx,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Lx,  8Mx,  8Nx,  8Px,  8Tx,  8Yx,  8Zx, 
A4x,  A5x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  FRx,  FUx,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x, 
G6x,  GBx,  GCx,  GEx,  GHx,  GJx,  GKx,  M2x,  M3x,  M4x, 
M5x,  M7x,  PBx,  PKx,  PMx,  PQx,  PRx,  PSx,  PTx,  PUx, 
PYx 
v    2008-CTO,  49x,  4Ax,  66x,  6Qx,  83x,  87x,  8Dx,  8Hx,  8Jx, 
8Kx,  8Lx,  8Zx,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  GBx, 
GCx,  GEx,  PDx 
v    2009-CTO,  83x 
v    2613-CTO,  E6x,  E7x,  E8x,  E9x,  EAx,  EBx,  ECx,  EDx, 
EEx,  H2x,  H3x,  HCx,  HDx,  HJx,  HKx,  HPx,  HQx, 
K9x,  KAx,  LVx,  LWx,  Q5x 
v    2623-CTO,  8Kx,  8Yx,  D4x,  D6x,  DFx,  DRx,  GHx,  GJx, 
K5x,  K6x,  KEx,  M3x,  P2x,  P6x,  P8x,  PKx,  PMx,  Q2x, 
Q4x,  Q6x,  Q7x,  QBx,  QCx,  QHx,  QJx,  QKx,  QMx, 
QNx 
v    2637-CTO,  83x 
41V9909  R  * 
Wireless  LAN  3rd  antenna  (14.1-in.) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  HAx 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  LTx,  LVx,  LWx 
v    2623-CTO,  M3x,  PZx,  Q4x,  Q7x,  QCx 
v    2637-CTO 
42R9909  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  181

--- Page 188 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
3  LCD  cable  assembly  without  Bluetooth  (14.1-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  G2x 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO,  G2x,  PQx 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  49x,  4Ax,  4Ex,  65x,  6Yx,  85x,  A5x,  G3x, 
G4x,  GCx,  GHx,  M4x,  PTx 
v    2008-CTO,  49x,  4Ax,  G3x,  G4x,  GCx 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO,  D2x,  D4x,  DRx,  GHx,  QNx 
v    2637-CTO 
91P6982  R  N 
LCD  cable  assembly  with  Bluetooth  (14.1-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  4Qx,  62x 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  E5x,  E6x,  E7x,  EQx,  ETx,  EWx,  EZx,  H4x, 
H7x,  HAx 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Lx,  4Nx,  4Px,  62x,  63x,  64x,  66x, 
67x,  68x,  69x,  6Ax,  6Bx,  6Cx,  6Dx,  6Ex,  6Fx,  6Jx,  6Kx, 
6Lx,  6Mx,  6Nx,  6Px,  6Qx,  6Rx,  6Sx,  6Tx,  6Ux,  6Vx, 
6Wx,  6Xx,  6Zx,  82x,  83x,  84x,  86x,  87x,  88x,  89x,  8Ax, 
8Bx,  8Dx,  8Ex,  8Fx,  8Gx,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Lx,  8Mx,  8Nx, 
8Px,  8Rx,  8Tx,  8Yx,  8Zx,  A4x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  FRx, 
FUx,  G5x,  G6x,  GBx,  GEx,  GJx,  GKx,  M2x,  M3x,  M5x, 
M6x,  M7x,  M8x,  PBx,  PKx,  PMx,  PQx,  PRx,  PSx,  PUx, 
PVx,  PYx 
v    2008-CTO,  66x,  6Qx,  83x,  87x,  8Dx,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Kx,  8Lx, 
8Zx,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  G5x,  GBx,  GEx,  PDx 
v    2009-CTO,  83x 
v    2613-CTO,  E6x,  E7x,  E8x,  E9x,  EAx,  EBx,  ECx,  EDx, 
EEx,  EQx,  ERx,  ESx,  H2x,  H3x,  H7x,  H8x,  H9x,  K9x, 
KAx,  HCx,  HDx,  HJx,  HKx,  HPx,  HQx,  HUx,  HVx, 
L2x,  L3x,  L7x,  L8x,  LCx,  LDx,  LJx,  LKx,  LPx,  LQx, 
LTx,  LVx,  LWx,  Q5x 
v    2623-CTO,  8Kx,  8Yx,  D6x,  D7x,  D8x,  DFx,  DSx,  GJx, 
K5x,  K6x,  KEx,  KFx,  KHx,  M3x,  P2x,  P3x,  P6x,  P8x, 
PKx,  PMx,  PZx,  Q2x,  Q3x,  Q4x,  Q6x,  Q7x,  QBx,  QCx, 
QHx,  QJx,  QKx,  QLx,  QMx 
v    2637-CTO,  83x 
91P6984  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
182  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 189 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
4  Hinge,  14.1-in. 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  E5x,  E6x,  E7x 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Ex,  4Lx,  4Nx,  4Px,  62x,  63x,  64x,  65x,  66x,  67x,  68x, 
69x,  6Ax,  6Bx,  6Cx,  6Dx,  6Ex,  6Fx,  6Jx,  6Kx,  6Lx,  6Mx,  6Nx,  82x,  83x,  84x,  85x,  86x, 
87x,  88x,  89x,  8Ax,  8Bx,  8Dx,  8Ex,  8Fx,  8Gx,  8Yx,  8Zx,  A4x,  A5x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x, 
FRx,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  G6x,  GBx,  GHx,  GJx 
v    2008-CTO,  49x,  4Ax,  66x,  83x,  87x,  8Dx,  8Zx,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  GBx 
v    2009-CTO,  83x 
v    2613-CTO,  E6x,  E7x,  E8x,  E9x,  EAx,  EBx,  ECx,  EDx,  EEx,  EQx,  ERx,  ESx,  H2x,  H3x, 
H7x,  H8x,  H9x 
v    2623-CTO,  8Yx,  D2x,  D4x,  D6x,  D7x,  D8x,  DFx,  DRx,  DSx,  GHx,  GJx 
v    2637-CTO,  83x 
Kato  41V9901  R  N 
Reel  41V9902  R  N 
Hinges,  14.1-in. 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  EQx,  ETx,  EWx,  EZx,  H4x,  H7x,  HAx 
v    1954-CTO,  PQx 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  6Px,  6Qx,  6Rx,  6Sx,  6Tx,  6Ux,  6Vx,  6Wx,  6Xx,  6Yx,  6Zx,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Lx, 
8Mx,  8Nx,  8Px,  8Rx,  8Tx,  FUx,  GCx,  GEx,  GKx,  M2x,  M3x,  M4x,  M5x,  M6x,  M7x, 
M8x,  PBx,  PKx,  PMx,  PQx,  PRx,  PSx,  PTx,  PUx,  PVx,  PYx 
v    2008-CTO,  6Qx,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Kx,  8Lx,  GCx,  GEx,  PDx 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  K9x,  HCx,  HDx,  HJx,  HKx,  HPx,  HQx,  HUx,  HVx,  KAx,  L2x,  L3x,  L7x, 
L8x,  LCx,  LDx,  LJx,  LKx,  LPx,  LQx,  LTx,  LVx,  LWx,  Q5x 
v    2623-CTO,  8Kx,  K5x,  K6x,  KEx,  KFx,  KHx,  M3x,  P2x,  P3x,  P6x,  P8x,  PKx,  PMx, 
PZx,  Q2x,  Q3x,  Q4x,  Q6x,  Q7x,  QBx,  QCx,  QHx,  QJx,  QKx,  QLx,  QMx,  QNx 
v    2637-CTO 
Kato  42R9906  R  N 
Reel  42R9907  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  183

--- Page 190 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
5  Wireless  LAN  antenna  (14.1-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  4Qx,  62x,  G2x 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  E5x,  E6x,  E7x,  EQx,  ETx,  EWx,  EZx,  H4x,  H7x,  HAx 
v    1954-CTO,  G2x,  PQx 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Ex,  4Lx,  4Nx,  4Px,  62x,  63x,  64x,  65x,  66x,  67x,  68x, 
69x,  6Ax,  6Bx,  6Cx,  6Dx,  6Ex,  6Fx,  6Jx,  6Kx,  6Lx,  6Mx,  6Nx,  6Px,  6Qx,  6Rx,  6Sx, 
6Tx,  6Ux,  6Vx,  6Wx,  6Xx,  6Yx,  6Zx,  82x,  83x,  84x,  85x,  86x,  87x,  88x,  89x,  8Ax,  8Bx, 
8Dx,  8Ex,  8Fx,  8Gx,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Lx,  8Mx,  8Nx,  8Px,  8Rx,  8Tx,  8Yx,  8Zx,  A4x,  A5x, 
C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  FRx,  FUx,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  G6x,  GBx,  GCx,  GEx,  GHx,  GJx,  GKx, 
M2x,  M3x,  M4x,  M5x,  M6x,  M7x,  PBx,  PKx,  PMx,  PQx,  PRx,  PSx,  PTx,  PUx,  PVx, 
PYx 
v    2008-CTO,  49x,  4Ax,  66x,  6Qx,  83x,  87x,  8Dx,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Kx,  8Lx,  8Zx,  C3x,  C4x, 
C5x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  GBx,  GCx,  GEx,  PDx 
v    2009-CTO,  83x 
v    2613-CTO,  E6x,  E7x,  E8x,  E9x,  EAx,  EBx,  ECx,  EDx,  EEx,  EQx,  ERx,  ESx,  H2x,  H3x, 
H7x,  H8x,  H9x,  K9x,  HCx,  HDx,  HJx,  HKx,  HPx,  HQx,  HUx,  HVx,  KAx,  L2x,  L3x, 
L7x,  L8x,  LCx,  LDx,  LJx,  LKx,  LPx,  LQx,  LTx,  LVx,  LWx,  Q5x 
v    2623-CTO,  8Kx,  8Yx,  D2x,  D4x,  D6x,  D7x,  D8x,  DFx,  DRx,  DSx,  GHx.  GJx,  K5x, 
K6x,  KEx,  KFx,  KHx,  M3x,  P2x,  P3x,  P6x,  P8x,  PKx,  PMx,  PZx,  Q2x,  Q3x,  Q4x, 
Q6x,  Q7x,  QBx,  QCx,  QHx,  QJx,  QKx,  QLx,  QMx,  QNx 
v    2637-CTO,  83x 
Primary  91P6986  R  N 
Secondary  (Foxconn)  91P7017  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
184  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 191 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
6  Inverter  card  (14.1-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  4Qx,  62x,  G2x 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  E5x,  E6x,  E7x,  EQx,  ETx,  EWx,  EZx,  H4x, 
H7x,  HAx 
v    1954-CTO,  G2x,  PQx 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Ex,  4Lx,  4Nx,  4Px, 
62x,  63x,  64x,  65x,  66x,  67x,  68x,  69x,  6Ax,  6Bx,  6Cx, 
6Dx,  6Ex,  6Fx,  6Jx,  6Kx,  6Lx,  6Mx,  6Nx,  6Px,  6Qx, 
6Rx,  6Sx,  6Tx,  6Ux,  6Vx,  6Wx,  6Xx,  6Yx,  6Zx,  82x,  83x, 
84x,  85x,  86x,  87x,  88x,  89x,  8Ax,  8Bx,  8Dx,  8Ex,  8Fx, 
8Gx,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Lx,  8Mx,  8Nx,  8Px,  8Rx,  8Tx,  8Yx, 
8Zx,  A4x,  A5x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  FRx,  FUx,  G3x,  G4x, 
G5x,  G6x,  GBx,  GCx,  GEx,  GHx,  GJx,  GKx,  M2x,  M3x, 
M4x,  M5x,  M6x,  M7x,  M8x,  PBx,  PKx,  PMx,  PQx,  PRx, 
PSx,  PTx,  PUx,  PVx,  PYx 
v    2008-CTO,  49x,  4Ax,  66x,  6Qx,  83x,  87x,  8Dx,  8Hx,  8Jx, 
8Kx,  8Lx,  8Zx,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  GBx, 
GCx,  GEx,  PDx 
v    2009-CTO,  83x 
v    2613-CTO,  E6x,  E7x,  E8x,  E9x,  EAx,  EBx,  ECx,  EDx, 
EEx,  EQx,  ERx,  ESx,  H2x,  H3x,  H7x,  H8x,  H9x,  K9x, 
HCx,  HDx,  HJx,  HKx,  HPx,  HQx,  HUx,  HVx,  KAx, 
L2x,  L3x,  L7x,  L8x,  LCx,  LDx,  LJx,  LKx,  LPx,  LQx, 
LTx,  LVx,  LWx,  Q5x 
v    2623-CTO,  8Kx,  8Yx,  D2x,  D4x,  D6x,  D7x,  D8x,  DFx, 
DRx,  DSx,  GHx.  GJx,  K5x,  K6x,  KEx,  KFx,  KHx,  M3x, 
P2x,  P3x,  P6x,  P8x,  PKx,  PMx,  PZx,  Q2x,  Q3x,  Q4x, 
Q6x,  Q7x,  QBx,  QCx,  QHx,  QJx,  QKx,  QLx,  QMx, 
QNx 
v    2637-CTO,  83x 
41W1010  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  185

--- Page 192 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
7  Bluetooth  daughter  card  (BDC-2) 
v    1951-CTO,  4Qx,  62x 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  E5x,  E6x,  E7x,  EQx,  ETx,  EWx,  EZx,  H4x, 
H7x,  HAx 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Lx,  4Nx,  4Px,  62x,  63x,  64x,  66x, 
67x,  68x,  69x,  6Ax,  6Bx,  6Cx,  6Dx,  6Ex,  6Fx,  6Jx,  6Kx, 
6Lx,  6Mx,  6Nx,  6Px,  6Qx,  6Rx,  6Sx,  6Tx,  6Ux,  6Vx, 
6Wx,  6Xx,  6Zx,  82x,  83x,  84x,  86x,  87x,  88x,  89x,  8Ax, 
8Bx,  8Dx,  8Ex,  8Fx,  8Gx,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Lx,  8Mx,  8Nx, 
8Px,  8Rx,  8Tx,  8Yx,  8Zx,  A4x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  FRx, 
FUx,  G5x,  G6x,  GBx,  GEx,  GJx,  GKx,  M2x,  M3x,  M5x, 
M6x,  M7x,  M8x,  PBx,  PKx,  PMx,  PQx,  PRx,  PSx,  PUx, 
PVx,  PYx 
v    2008-CTO,  66x,  6Qx,  83x,  87x,  8Dx,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Kx,  8Lx, 
8Zx,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  G5x,  GBx,  GEx,  PDx 
v    2009-CTO,  83x 
v    2613-CTO,  E6x,  E7x,  E8x,  E9x,  EAx,  EBx,  ECx,  EDx, 
EEx,  EQx,  ERx,  ESx,  H2x,  H3x,  H7x,  H8x,  H9x,  K9x, 
KAx,  HCx,  HDx,  HJx,  HKx,  HPx,  HQx,  HUx,  HVx, 
L2x,  L3x,  L7x,  L8x,  LCx,  LDx,  LJx,  LKx,  LPx,  LQx, 
LTx,  LVx,  LWx,  Q5x 
v    2623-CTO,  8Kx,  8Yx,  D6x,  D7x,  D8x,  DFx,  DSx,  GJx, 
K5x,  K6x,  KEx,  KFx,  KHx,  M3x,  P2x,  P6x,  P8x,  PKx, 
PMx,  PZx,  Q2x,  Q4x,  Q6x,  Q7x,  QBx,  QCx,  QHx,  QJx, 
QKx,  QLx,  QMx,  QNx 
v    2637-CTO,  83x 
39T0497  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
186  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 193 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
8  LCD  panel,  14.1-in.  SXGA+ 
v    1951-CTO,  4Qx,  62x,  G2x 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  E5x,  E6x,  E7x,  EQx,  ETx,  EWx,  EZx,  H4x,  H7x,  HAx 
v    1954-CTO,  G2x,  PQx 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Ex,  4Lx,  4Nx,  4Px,  62x,  63x,  64x,  65x,  66x,  67x,  68x, 
69x,  6Ax,  6Bx,  6Cx,  6Dx,  6Ex,  6Fx,  6Jx,  6Kx,  6Lx,  6Mx,  6Nx,  6Px,  6Qx,  6Rx,  6Sx, 
6Tx,  6Ux,  6Vx,  6Wx,  6Xx,  6Yx,  6Zx,  82x,  83x,  84x,  85x,  86x,  87x,  88x,  89x,  8Ax,  8Bx, 
8Dx,  8Ex,  8Fx,  8Gx,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Lx,  8Mx,  8Nx,  8Px,  8Rx,  8Tx,  8Yx,  8Zx,  A4x,  A5x, 
C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  FRx,  FUx,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  G6x,  GBx,  GCx,  GEx,  GHx,  GJx,  GKx, 
M2x,  M3x,  M4x,  M5x,  M6x,  M7x,  M8x,  PBx,  PKx,  PMx,  PQx,  PRx,  PSx,  PTx,  PUx, 
PVx,  PYx 
v    2008-CTO,  49x,  4Ax,  66x,  6Qx,  83x,  87x,  8Dx,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Kx,  8Lx,  8Zx,  C3x,  C4x, 
C5x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  GBx,  GCx,  GEx,  PDx 
v    2009-CTO,  83x 
v    2613-CTO,  E6x,  E7x,  E8x,  E9x,  EAx,  EBx,  ECx,  EDx,  EEx,  EQx,  ERx,  ESx,  H2x,  H3x, 
H7x,  H8x,  H9x,  K9x,  HCx,  HDx,  HJx,  HKx,  HPx,  HQx,  HUx,  HVx,  KAx,  L2x,  L3x, 
L7x,  L8x,  LCx,  LDx,  LJx,  LKx,  LPx,  LQx,  LTx,  LVx,  LWx,  Q5x 
v    2623-CTO,  8Kx,  8Yx,  D2x,  D4x,  D6x,  D7x,  D8x,  DFx,  DRx,  DSx,  GHx.  GJx,  K5x, 
K6x,  KEx,  KFx,  KHx,  M3x,  P2x,  P3x,  P6x,  P8x,  PKx,  PMx,  PZx,  Q2x,  Q3x,  Q4x, 
Q6x,  Q7x,  QBx,  QCx,  QHx,  QJx,  QKx,  QMx,  QNx 
v    2637-CTO,  83x 
Samsung  13N7059  R  N 
BOE-Hydis  13N7061  R  N 
TMD  13N7063  R  N 
9  Clear  plate  kit  41W4505  R  N 
 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  187

--- Page 194 ---
15.0-in.  XGA  TFT 
 
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
1  LCD  cover  kit  (15.0-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x,  38x,  39x,  3Ax, 
3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex,  3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx, 
3Mx,  52x,  53x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  57x,  58x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Bx, 
72x,  73x,  74x,  75x,  76x,  F4x,  F5x,  F8x,  FAx,  FEx,  PAx, 
PCx,  PFx,  PGx,  PPx 
v    1952-CTO,  3Gx,  52x,  58x 
v    1953-CTO,  D3x,  D4x,  D7x,  DAx,  DCx,  E8x,  E9x,  EAx, 
EJx,  EKx,  ELx,  ERx,  EUx,  EXx,  H2x,  H5x,  H8x,  HBx 
v    1954-CTO,  52x,  DGx,  P6x,  P7x,  P9x 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  37x,  38x,  39x,  56x,  57x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Cx,  5Dx, 
5Ex,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Jx,  5Kx,  5Lx,  5Mx,  5Ux,  5Vx,  5Wx, 
5Xx,  7Cx,  7Lx,  7Vx,  B2x,  B3x,  J2x,  J4x,  J5x 
v    2008-CTO,  56x,  J2x 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  HEx,  HLx,  HWx,  L4x,  LEx,  LLx 
v    2623-CTO,  7Ux,  D9x,  DAx,  DTx,  KJx,  P5x 
v    2637-CTO 
13N7136  R  N 
2  Wireless  WAN  antenna  (15.0-in.) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  EXx,  H2x,  H5x,  H8x 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  HWx,  L4x,  LEx,  LLx 
v    2623-CTO 
v    2637-CTO 
91P6989  R  N 
Wireless  WAN  antenna  (15.0-in.,  Vodafone) 
v    1951-CTO,  73x,  74x,  PCx,  PFx 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO,  DGx 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  7Cx 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO 
v    2637-CTO 
91P7029  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
188  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 195 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
2  Wireless  WAN  blank  cover  (15.0-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x,  38x,  39x,  3Ax, 
3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex,  3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx, 
3Mx,  52x,  53x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  57x,  58x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Bx, 
72x,  75x,  76x,  F4x,  F5x,  F8x,  FAx,  FEx,  PAx,  PGx,  PPx 
v    1952-CTO,  3Gx,  52x,  58x 
v    1953-CTO,  D3x,  D4x,  D7x,  DAx,  DCx,  E8x,  E9x,  EAx, 
EJx,  EKx,  ELx,  ERx,  EUx,  HBx 
v    1954-CTO,  52x,  P6x,  P7x,  P9x 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  37x,  38x,  39x,  56x,  57x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Cx,  5Dx, 
5Ex,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Jx,  5Kx,  5Lx,  5Mx,  5Ux,  5Vx,  5Wx, 
5Xx,  7Lx,  7Vx,  B2x,  B3x,  J2x,  J4x,  J5x 
v    2008-CTO,  56x,  J2x 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  HEx,  HLx 
v    2623-CTO,  7Ux,  D9x,  DAx,  DTx,  KJx,  P5x 
v    2637-CTO 
41V9910  R  * 
Wireless  LAN  3rd  antenna  (15.0-in.) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  HBx 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO,  7Ux 
v    2637-CTO 
42R9910  R  N 
3  LCD  cable  assembly  without  Bluetooth  (15.0-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x,  3Dx,  3Ex,  3Fx,  3Gx, 
3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx,  3Mx,  52x,  58x,  5Bx,  72x,  75x 
v    1952-CTO,  3Gx,  52x,  58x 
v    1953-CTO,  D3x,  D4x,  D7x,  DAx,  DCx 
v    1954-CTO,  52x 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  56x,  57x,  59x,  5Jx,  5Kx,  5Lx,  5Mx,  5Xx,  B2x, 
J2x,  J5x 
v    2008-CTO,  56x,  J2x 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO,  D9x,  DAx,  DTx 
v    2637-CTO 
91P6983  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  189

--- Page 196 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
3  LCD  cable  assembly  with  Bluetooth  (15.0-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  32x,  38x,  39x,  3Ax,  3Bx,  3Cx,  3Hx,  53x,  54x, 
55x,  56x,  57x,  59x,  5Ax,  73x,  74x,  76x,  F4x,  F5x,  F8x, 
FAx,  FEx,  PAx,  PCx,  PFx,  PGx,  PPx 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  E8x,  E9x,  EAx,  EJx,  EKx,  ELx,  ERx,  EUx, 
EXx,  H2x,  H5x,  H8x,  HBx 
v    1954-CTO,  DGx,  P6x,  P7x,  P9x 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  37x,  38x,  39x,  5Ax,  5Cx,  5Dx,  5Ex,  5Fx, 
5Gx,  5Ux,  5Vx,  5Wx,  7Cx,  7Lx,  7Vx,  B3x,  J4x 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  HEx,  HLx,  HWx,  L4x,  LEx,  LLx 
v    2623-CTO,  7Ux,  KJx,  P5x 
v    2637-CTO 
91P6985  R  N 
4  Hinge,  15.0-in. 
v    1951-CTO,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x,  38x,  39x,  3Ax,  3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex,  3Fx,  52x, 
53x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  57x,  58x,  F4x,  F5x,  F8x 
v    1952-CTO,  52x,  58x 
v    1953-CTO,  D3x,  D4x,  D7x,  DAx,  E8x,  E9x,  EAx,  EJx,  EKx,  ELx, 
v    1954-CTO,  52x 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  37x,  38x,  39x,  56x,  57x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Cx,  5Dx,  5Ex,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Jx,  5Kx,  5Lx, 
5Mx,  5Ux,  5Vx,  5Wx,  5Xx,  7Cx,  B2x,  B3x 
v    2008-CTO,  56x 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO,  D9x,  DAx,  DTx 
v    2637-CTO 
Kato  41V9903  R  N 
Reel  41V9904  R  N 
Hinges,  15.0-in.  (Kato) 
v    1951-CTO,  3Cx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx,  3Mx,  59x, 
5Ax,  5Bx,  72x,  73x,  74x,  75x,  76x,  F8x,  FAx,  FEx,  PAx, 
PCx,  PFx,  PGx,  PPx 
v    1952-CTO,  3Gx 
v    1953-CTO,  DCx,  EJx,  EKx,  ELx,  ERx,  EUx,  EXx,  H2x, 
H5x,  H8x,  HBx 
v    1954-CTO,  DGx,  P6x,  P7x,  P9x 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  5Ux,  5Vx,  5Wx,  7Lx,  7Vx,  J2x,  J4x,  J5x 
v    2008-CTO,  J2x 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  HEx,  HLx,  HWx,  L4x,  LEx,  LLx 
v    2623-CTO,  7Ux,  KJx,  P5x 
v    2637-CTO 
42R9908  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
190  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 197 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
5  Wireless  LAN  antenna  (15.0-in.) 
v    1951-CTO,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x,  38x,  39x,  3Ax,  3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex,  3Fx,  3Gx, 
3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx,  3Mx,  52x,  53x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  57x,  58x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Bx,  72x,  73x, 
74x,  75x,  76x,  F4x,  F5x,  F8x,  FAx,  FEx,  PAx,  PCx,  PFx,  PGx,  PPx 
v    1952-CTO,  3Gx,  52x,  58x 
v    1953-CTO,  D3x,  D4x,  D7x,  DAx,  DCx,  E8x,  E9x,  EAx,  EJx,  EKx,  ELx,  ERx,  EUx, 
EXx,  H2x,  H5x,  H8x,  HBx 
v    1954-CTO,  52x,  DGx,  P6x,  P7x,  P9x 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  37x,  38x,  39x,  56x,  57x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Cx,  5Dx,  5Ex,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Jx,  5Kx,  5Lx, 
5Mx,  5Ux,  5Vx,  5Wx,  5Xx,  7Cx,  7Lx,  7Vx,  B2x,  B3x,  J2x,  J4x,  J5x 
v    2008-CTO,  56x,  J2x 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  HEx,  HLx,  HWx,  L4x,  LEx,  LLx 
v    2623-CTO,  7Ux,  D9x,  DAx,  DTx,  KJx,  P5x 
v    2637-CTO 
Primary  91P6987  R  N 
Secondary  (Foxconn)  91P7018  R  N 
6  Inverter  card  (15.0-in.  XGA) 
v    1951-CTO,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x,  38x,  39x,  3Ax, 
3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex,  3Fx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx, 
3Mx,  52x,  53x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  57x,  58x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Bx, 
72x,  73x,  74x,  75x,  76x,  F4x,  F5x,  F8x,  FAx,  FEx,  PAx, 
PCx,  PFx,  PGx,  PPx 
v    1952-CTO,  3Gx,  52x,  58x 
v    1953-CTO,  D3x,  D4x,  D7x,  DAx,  DCx,  E8x,  E9x,  EAx, 
EJx,  EKx,  ELx,  ERx,  EUx,  EXx,  H2x,  H5x,  H8x,  HBx 
v    1954-CTO,  52x,  DGx,  P6x,  P7x,  P9x 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  37x,  38x,  39x,  56x,  57x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Cx,  5Dx, 
5Ex,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Jx,  5Kx,  5Lx,  5Mx,  5Ux,  5Vx,  5Wx, 
5Xx,  7Cx,  7Lx,  7Vx,  B2x,  B3x,  J2x,  J4x,  J5x 
v    2008-CTO,  56x,  J2x 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  HEx,  HLx,  HWx,  L4x,  LEx,  LLx 
v    2623-CTO,  7Ux,  D9x,  DAx,  DTx,  KJx,  P5x 
v    2637-CTO 
42T0077  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  191

--- Page 198 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
7  Bluetooth  daughter  card  (BDC-2) 
v    1951-CTO,  32x,  38x,  39x,  3Ax,  3Bx,  3Cx,  3Hx,  53x,  54x, 
55x,  56x,  57x,  59x,  5Ax,  73x,  74x,  76x,  F4x,  F5x,  F8x, 
FAx,  FEx,  PAx,  PCx,  PFx,  PGx,  PPx 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  E8x,  E9x,  EAx,  EJx,  EKx,  ELx,  ERx,  EUx, 
EXx,  H2x,  H5x,  H8x,  HBx 
v    1954-CTO,  DGx,  P6x,  P7x,  P9x 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  37x,  38x,  39x,  5Ax,  5Cx,  5Dx,  5Ex,  5Fx, 
5Gx,  5Ux,  5Vx,  5Wx,  7Cx,  7Lx,  7Vx,  B3x,  J4x 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  HEx,  HLx,  HWx,  L4x,  LEx,  LLx 
v    2623-CTO,  7Ux,  KJx,  P5x 
v    2637-CTO 
39T0497  R  N 
8  LCD  panel,  15.0-in.  XGA 
v    1951-CTO,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x,  38x,  39x,  3Ax,  3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex,  3Fx,  3Gx, 
3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx,  3Mx,  52x,  53x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  57x,  58x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Bx,  72x,  73x, 
74x,  75x,  76x,  F4x,  F5x,  F8x,  FAx,  FEx,  PAx,  PCx,  PFx,  PGx,  PPx 
v    1952-CTO,  3Gx,  52x,  58x 
v    1953-CTO,  D3x,  D4x,  D7x,  DAx,  DCx,  E8x,  E9x,  EAx,  EJx,  EKx,  ELx,  ERx,  EUx, 
EXx,  H2x,  H5x,  H8x,  HBx 
v    1954-CTO,  52x,  DGx,  P6x,  P7x,  P9x 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  37x,  38x,  39x,  56x,  57x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Cx,  5Dx,  5Ex,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Jx,  5Kx,  5Lx, 
5Mx,  5Ux,  5Vx,  5Wx,  5Xx,  7Cx,  7Lx,  7Vx,  B2x,  B3x,  J2x,  J4x,  J5x 
v    2008-CTO,  56x,  J2x 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  HEx,  HLx,  HWx,  L4x,  LEx,  LLx 
v    2623-CTO,  7Ux,  D9x,  DAx,  DTx,  KJx,  P5x 
v    2637-CTO 
Samsung  13N7065  R  N 
LG-Phillips  13N7067  R  N 
LG-Phillips,  RoHS  13N7090  R  N 
CMO  13N7069  R  N 
9  Clear  plate  kit  41W4505  R  N 
 
Parts  list
 
192  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 199 ---
15.0-in.  SXGA+  IPS  TFT 
 
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
1  LCD  cover  kit  (15.0-in.) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  52x,  53x,  54x,  55x, 
58x,  5Bx,  5Hx,  5Nx,  5Qx,  5Rx,  5Tx,  5Yx,  72x,  73x,  74x, 
75x,  76x,  77x,  78x,  79x,  7Ax,  7Dx,  7Ex,  7Fx,  7Hx,  7Jx, 
7Kx,  7Mx,  7Nx,  7Px,  7Rx,  7Sx,  7Wx,  7Xx,  97x,  98x, 
B4x,  B5x,  C6x,  C7x,  F4x,  F5x,  F6x,  F7x,  FFx,  FGx,  FKx, 
FLx,  FPx,  FSx,  FVx,  J3x,  J6x,  N2x,  N3x,  N4x,  N5x, 
PAx,  PCx,  PGx,  PLx,  PWx,  PXx,  QDx,  QFx,  QGx 
v    2008-CTO,  55x,  5Tx,  7Jx,  7Kx,  C6x,  C7x,  J3x,  PEx,  PNx 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  EFx,  EGx,  EHx,  EJx,  EKx,  ELx,  H4x,  HFx, 
HGx,  HMx,  HNx,  HXx,  HYx,  KBx,  KCx,  L5x,  L6x, 
LFx,  LGx,  LMx,  LNx,  LUx 
v    2623-CTO,  7Qx,  7Xx,  D3x,  DBx,  DCx,  K7x,  K8x,  KKx, 
KLx,  P7x,  Q8x,  Q9x,  QAx 
v    2637-CTO 
13N7136  R  N 
2  Wireless  WAN  antenna  (15.0-in.) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  58x,  74x 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  HXx,  HYx,  L5x,  L6x,  LFx,  LGx,  LMx,  LNx 
v    2623-CTO,  D3x,  DBx,  DCx 
v    2637-CTO 
91P6989  R  N 
Wireless  WAN  antenna  (15.0-in.,  Vodafone) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  7Hx,  7Rx,  98x,  F5x,  F7x,  FGx,  N4x,  PXx 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO,  Q9x 
v    2637-CTO 
91P7029  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  193

--- Page 200 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
2  Wireless  WAN  blank  cover  (15.0-in.) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  52x,  53x,  54x,  55x, 
5Bx,  5Hx,  5Nx,  5Qx,  5Rx,  5Tx,  5Yx,  72x,  73x,  75x,  76x, 
77x,  78x,  79x,  7Ax,  7Dx,  7Ex,  7Fx,  7Jx,  7Kx,  FLx,  FVx, 
7Sx,  7Mx,  7Nx,  7Px,  7Wx,  7Xx,  97x,  B4x,  B5x,  C6x, 
C7x,  F4x,  F6x,  FFx,  FPx,  FSx,  J3x,  J6x,  N2x,  N3x,  PAx, 
PCx,  PGx,  PLx,  PWx,  QGx 
v    2008-CTO,  55x,  5Tx,  7Jx,  7Kx,  C6x,  C7x,  J3x,  PEx,  PNx 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  EFx,  EGx,  EHx,  EJx,  EKx,  ELx,  H4x,  HFx, 
HGx,  HMx,  HNx,  KBx,  KCx,  LUx 
v    2623-CTO,  7Qx,  7Xx,  K7x,  K8x,  KKx,  P7x,  Q8x,  QAx 
v    2637-CTO 
41V9910  R  * 
Wireless  LAN  3rd  antenna  (15.0-in.) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  FLx,  FVx,  PCx,  PGx 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  LUx 
v    2623-CTO,  7Qx,  7Xx 
v    2637-CTO 
42R9910  R  N 
3  LCD  cable  assembly  without  Bluetooth  (15.0-in.) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  32x,  52x,  54x,  55x,  5Qx,  5Rx,  5Yx,  75x,  7Ex, 
7Wx,  B5x,  N2x 
v    2008-CTO,  55x 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  KCx 
v    2623-CTO 
v    2637-CTO 
91P6983  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
194  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 201 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
3  LCD  cable  assembly  with  Bluetooth  (15.0-in.) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  53x,  58x,  5Bx,  5Hx,  5Nx, 
5Tx,  72x,  73x,  74x,  76x,  77x,  78x,  79x,  7Ax,  7Dx,  7Fx, 
7Hx,  7Jx,  7Kx,  7Mx,  7Nx,  7Px,  7Rx,  7Sx,  7Xx,  97x,  98x, 
B4x,  C6x,  C7x,  F4x,  F5x,  F6x,  F7x,  FFx,  FGx,  FKx,  FLx, 
FPx,  FSx,  FVx,  J3x,  J6x,  N3x,  N4x,  N5x,  PAx,  PCx, 
PGx,  PLx,  PWx,  PXx,  QDx,  QFx,  QGx 
v    2008-CTO,  5Tx,  7Jx,  7Kx,  C6x,  C7x,  J3x,  PEx,  PNx 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  EFx,  EGx,  EHx,  EJx,  EKx,  ELx,  H4x,  HFx, 
HGx,  HMx,  HNx,  HXx,  HYx,  KBx,  L5x,  L6x,  LFx, 
LGx,  LMx,  LNx,  LUx 
v    2623-CTO,  7Qx,  7Xx,  D3x,  DBx,  DCx,  K7x,  K8x,  KKx, 
P7x,  Q8x,  Q9x,  QAx 
v    2637-CTO 
91P6985  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  195

--- Page 202 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
4  Hinge,  15.0-in. 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  52x,  53x,  54x,  55x,  58x,  5Bx,  5Hx,  5Nx,  5Qx,  5Rx, 
5Tx,  5Yx,  72x,  73x,  74x,  75x,  76x,  77x,  78x,  79x,  7Ax,  7Dx,  7Ex,  7Fx,  7Hx,  97x,  98x, 
B4x,  B5x,  C6x,  C7x,  F4x,  F5x,  F6x,  F7x,  FFx,  FGx,  FPx,  FSx 
v    2008-CTO,  55x,  5Tx,  C6x,  C7x 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  EFx,  EGx,  EHx,  EJx,  EKx,  ELx,  H4x 
v    2623-CTO,  D3x,  DBx,  DCx 
v    2637-CTO 
Kato  41V9903  R  N 
Reel  41V9904  R  N 
Hinges,  15.0-in.  (Kato) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  7Jx,  7Kx,  7Mx,  7Nx,  7Px,  7Rx,  7Sx,  7Wx, 
7Xx,  FKx,  FLx,  FVx,  J3x,  J6x,  N2x,  N3x,  N4x,  N5x, 
PAx,  PCx,  PGx,  PLx,  PWx,  PXx,  QGx 
v    2008-CTO,  7Jx,  7Kx,  J3x,  PEx,  PNx 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  HFx,  HGx,  HMx,  HNx,  HXx,  HYx,  KBx, 
KCx,  L5x,  L6x,  LFx,  LGx,  LMx,  LNx,  LUx 
v    2623-CTO,  7Qx,  7Xx,  K7x,  K8x,  KKx,  P7x,  Q8x,  Q9x, 
QAx 
v    2637-CTO 
42R9908  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
196  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 203 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
5  Wireless  LAN  antenna  (15.0-in.) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  52x,  53x,  54x,  55x,  58x,  5Bx,  5Hx,  5Nx,  5Qx,  5Rx, 
5Tx,  5Yx,  72x,  73x,  74x,  75x,  76x,  77x,  78x,  79x,  7Ax,  7Dx,  7Ex,  7Fx,  7Hx,  7Jx,  7Kx, 
7Mx,  7Nx,  7Px,  7Rx,  7Sx,  7Wx,  7Xx,  97x,  98x,  B4x,  B5x,  C6x,  C7x,  F4x,  F5x,  F6x, 
F7x,  FFx,  FGx,  FKx,  FLx,  FPx,  FSx,  FVx,  J3x,  J6x,  N2x,  N3x,  N4x,  N5x,  PAx,  PCx, 
PGx,  PLx,  PWx,  PXx,  QGx 
v    2008-CTO,  55x,  5Tx,  7Jx,  7Kx,  C6x,  C7x,  J3x,  PEx,  PNx 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  EFx,  EGx,  EHx,  EJx,  EKx,  ELx,  H4x,  HFx,  HGx,  HMx,  HNx,  HXx,  HYx, 
KBx,  KCx,  L5x,  L6x,  LFx,  LGx,  LMx,  LNx,  LUx 
v    2623-CTO,  7Qx,  7Xx,  D3x,  DBx,  DCx,  K7x,  K8x,  KKx,  P7x,  Q8x,  Q9x,  QAx 
v    2637-CTO 
Primary  91P6987  R  N 
Secondary  (Foxconn)  91P7018  R  N 
6  Inverter  card  (15.0-in.  SXGA+/UXGA) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  52x,  53x,  54x,  55x, 
58x,  5Bx,  5Hx,  5Nx,  5Qx,  5Rx,  5Tx,  5Yx,  72x,  73x,  74x, 
75x,  76x,  77x,  78x,  79x,  7Ax,  7Dx,  7Ex,  7Fx,  7Hx,  7Jx, 
7Kx,  7Mx,  7Nx,  7Px,  7Rx,  7Sx,  7Wx,  7Xx,  97x,  98x, 
B4x,  B5x,  C6x,  C7x,  F4x,  F5x,  F6x,  F7x,  FFx,  FGx,  FKx, 
FLx,  FPx,  FSx,  FVx,  J3x,  J6x,  N2x,  N3x,  N4x,  N5x, 
PAx,  PCx,  PGx,  PLx,  PWx,  PXx,  QGx 
v    2008-CTO,  55x,  5Tx,  7Jx,  7Kx,  C6x,  C7x,  J3x,  PEx,  PNx 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  EFx,  EGx,  EHx,  EJx,  EKx,  ELx,  H4x,  HFx, 
HGx,  HMx,  HNx,  HXx,  HYx,  KBx,  KCx,  L5x,  L6x, 
LFx,  LGx,  LMx,  LNx,  LUx 
v    2623-CTO,  7Qx,  7Xx,  D3x,  DBx,  DCx,  K7x,  K8x,  KKx, 
KLx,  P7x,  Q8x,  Q9x,  QAx 
v    2637-CTO 
42T0079  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  197

--- Page 204 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
7  Bluetooth  daughter  card  (BDC-2) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  53x,  58x,  5Bx,  5Hx,  5Nx, 
5Tx,  72x,  73x,  74x,  76x,  77x,  78x,  79x,  7Ax,  7Dx,  7Fx, 
7Hx,  7Jx,  7Kx,  7Mx,  7Nx,  7Px,  7Rx,  7Sx,  7Xx,  97x,  98x, 
B4x,  C6x,  C7x,  F4x,  F5x,  F6x,  F7x,  FFx,  FGx,  FKx,  FLx, 
FPx,  FSx,  FVx,  J3x,  J6x,  N3x,  N4x,  N5x,  PAx,  PCx, 
PGx,  PLx,  PWx,  PXx,  QDx,  QFx,  QGx 
v    2008-CTO,  5Tx,  7Jx,  7Kx,  C6x,  C7x,  J3x,  PEx,  PNx 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  EFx,  EGx,  EHx,  EJx,  EKx,  ELx,  H4x,  HFx, 
HGx,  HMx,  HNx,  HXx,  HYx,  KBx,  L5x,  L6x,  LFx, 
LGx,  LMx,  LNx,  LUx 
v    2623-CTO,  7Qx,  7Xx,  D3x,  DBx,  DCx,  K7x,  K8x,  KKx, 
P7x,  Q8x,  Q9x,  QAx 
v    2637-CTO 
39T0497  R  N 
8  LCD  panel,  15.0-in.  SXGA+ 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  52x,  53x,  54x,  55x,  58x,  5Bx,  5Hx,  5Nx,  5Qx,  5Rx, 
5Tx,  5Yx,  72x,  73x,  74x,  75x,  76x,  77x,  78x,  79x,  7Ax,  7Dx,  7Ex,  7Fx,  7Hx,  7Jx,  7Kx, 
7Mx,  7Nx,  7Px,  7Rx,  7Sx,  7Wx,  7Xx,  97x,  98x,  B4x,  B5x,  C6x,  C7x,  F4x,  F5x,  F6x, 
F7x,  FFx,  FGx,  FKx,  FLx,  FPx,  FSx,  FVx,  J3x,  J6x,  N2x,  N3x,  N4x,  N5x,  PAx,  PCx, 
PGx,  PLx,  PWx,  PXx,  QDx,  QFx,  QGx 
v    2008-CTO,  55x,  5Tx,  7Jx,  7Kx,  C6x,  C7x,  J3x,  PEx,  PNx 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  EFx,  EGx,  EHx,  EJx,  EKx,  ELx,  H4x,  HFx,  HGx,  HMx,  HNx,  HXx,  HYx, 
KBx,  KCx,  L5x,  L6x,  LFx,  LGx,  LMx,  LNx,  LUx 
v    2623-CTO,  7Qx,  7Xx,  D3x,  DBx,  DCx,  K7x,  K8x,  KKx,  KLx,  P7x,  Q8x,  Q9x,  QAx 
v    2637-CTO 
LG-Phillips  13N7078  R  N 
BOE  Hydis  13N7196  R  N 
9  Clear  plate  kit  41W4505  R  N 
 
Parts  list
 
198  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 205 ---
15.0-in.  UXGA  IPS  TFT 
 
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
1  LCD  cover  kit  (15.0-in.) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  92x,  93x,  94x,  95x,  96x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Cx, 
9Ex,  9Gx,  9Zx,  C8x,  F8x,  F9x,  FBx,  FHx 
v    2008-CTO,  93x,  9Ex,  9Zx,  C8x 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  EMx,  ENx,  ETx,  H5x 
v    2623-CTO,  DDx 
v    2637-CTO 
13N7136  R  N 
2  Wireless  WAN  antenna  (15.0-in.) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  94x 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  ETx 
v    2623-CTO,  DDx 
v    2637-CTO 
91P6989  R  N 
Wireless  WAN  antenna  (15.0-in.,  Vodafone) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  99x 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO 
v    2637-CTO 
91P7029  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  199

--- Page 206 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
2  Wireless  WAN  blank  cover  (15.0-in.) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  92x,  93x,  95x,  96x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Cx,  9Ex,  9Gx, 
9Zx,  C8x,  F8x,  F9x,  FBx,  FHx 
v    2008-CTO,  93x,  9Ex,  9Zx,  C8x 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  EMx,  ENx,  H5x 
v    2623-CTO 
v    2637-CTO 
41V9910  R  * 
Wireless  LAN  3rd  antenna  (15.0-in.) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO 
v    2637-CTO 
42R9910  R  N 
3  LCD  cable  assembly  without  Bluetooth  (15.0-in.) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO 
v    2637-CTO 
91P6983  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
200  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 207 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
3  LCD  cable  assembly  with  Bluetooth  (15.0-in.) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  92x,  93x,  94x,  95x,  96x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Cx, 
9Ex,  9Gx,  9Zx,  C8x,  F8x,  F9x,  FBx,  FHx 
v    2008-CTO,  93x,  9Ex,  9Zx,  C8x 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  EMx,  ENx,  ETx,  H5x 
v    2623-CTO,  DDx 
v    2637-CTO 
91P6985  R  N 
4  Hinge,  15.0-in. 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  92x,  93x,  94x,  95x,  96x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Cx,  9Ex,  9Gx,  9Zx,  C8x,  F8x, 
F9x,  FBx,  FHx 
v    2008-CTO,  93x,  9Ex,  9Zx,  C8x 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  EMx,  ENx,  ETx,  H5x 
v    2623-CTO,  DDx 
v    2637-CTO 
Kato  41V9903  R  N 
Reel  41V9904  R  N 
Hinges,  15.0-in.  (Kato) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO 
v    2637-CTO 
42R9908  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  201

--- Page 208 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
5  Wireless  LAN  antenna  (15.0-in.) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  92x,  93x,  94x,  95x,  96x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Cx, 
9Ex,  9Gx,  9Zx,  C8x,  F8x,  F9x,  FBx,  FHx 
v    2008-CTO,  93x,  9Ex,  9Zx,  C8x 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  EMx,  ENx,  ETx,  H5x 
v    2623-CTO,  DDx 
v    2637-CTO 
91P6987  R  N 
6  Inverter  card  (15.0-in.  SXGA+/UXGA) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  92x,  93x,  94x,  95x,  96x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Cx, 
9Ex,  9Gx,  9Zx,  C8x,  F8x,  F9x,  FBx,  FHx 
v    2008-CTO,  93x,  9Ex,  9Zx,  C8x 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  EMx,  ENx,  ETx,  H5x 
v    2623-CTO,  DDx 
v    2637-CTO 
42T0079  R  N 
7  Bluetooth  daughter  card  (BDC-2) 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  92x,  93x,  94x,  95x,  96x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Cx, 
9Ex,  9Gx,  9Zx,  C8x,  F8x,  F9x,  FBx,  FHx 
v    2008-CTO,  93x,  9Ex,  9Zx,  C8x 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  EMx,  ENx,  ETx,  H5x 
v    2623-CTO,  DDx 
v    2637-CTO 
39T0497  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
202  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 209 ---
No.  FRU  FRU  no.  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
8  LCD  panel,  15.0-in.  UXGA  FFS,  BOE-Hydis 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  92x,  93x,  94x,  95x,  96x,  99x,  9Ax,  9Bx,  9Cx, 
9Dx,  9Ex,  9Gx,  9Zx,  C8x,  F8x,  F9x,  FBx 
v    2008-CTO,  93x,  9Ex,  9Zx,  C8x 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  EMx,  ENx,  ETx,  H5x 
v    2623-CTO,  DDx,  DPx 
v    2637-CTO 
13N7076  R  N 
LCD  panel,  15.0-in.  UXGA  FFS  (sRGB),  BOE-Hydis 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO 
v    2637-CTO 
13N7194  R  N 
9  Clear  plate  kit  41W4505  R  N 
 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  203

--- Page 210 ---
Keyboard 
 
Language  P/N 
(ALPS) 
P/N 
(Chicony) 
P/N 
(NMB) 
RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
Arabic  39T7121  39T7181  39T7308  R  ** 
Belgian  39T7122  39T7182  39T0962 
Canadian,  multilanguage  (445)  39T7119  39T7179  39T0959 
Chinese,  Traditional  39T7145  39T7205  39T0985 
Czech  39T7123  39T7183  39T0963 
Danish  39T7124  39T7184  39T0964 
Dutch  39T7132  39T7192  39T7314 
English,  U.K.  39T7142  39T7202  39T0982 
English,  U.S.  39T7118  39T7178  39T0958 
English,  U.S.  (International,  with  a 
Euro  symbol) 
39T7143  39T7203  39T0983 
Finnish,  Swedish  39T7139  39T7199  39T0979 
French,  Canadian  (058)  39T7120  39T7009  39T0960 
French,  Canadian  (Acnor)  —  —  39T7468 
French,  European  39T7126  39T7186  39T7456 
German  39T7127  39T7187  39T7450 
Greek  39T7128  39T7188  39T0968 
Hebrew  39T7130  39T7190  39T0970 
Hungarian  39T7003  39T7189  39T0969 
Icelandic  —  —  42T3004 
Italian  39T7131  39T7191  39T0971 
Japanese  39T7144  39T7010  39T0984 
Korean  39T7215  39T7011  39T7213 
Norwegian  39T7004  39T7193  39T0973 
Polish  39T7134  39T7194  39T0974 
Portuguese  39T7135  39T7195  39T0975 
Portuguese,  Brazilian  39T7299  39T7301  39T7297 
Russian  39T7136  39T7196  39T0976 
Slovak  39T7005  39T7197  39T0977 
Slovenian  39T7006  39T7198  39T0978 
Spanish,  European  39T7002  39T7185  39T0965 
Spanish,  Latin  American  39T7147  39T7008  39T0987 
Swiss  39T7007  39T7200  39T0980 
Thai  39T7146  39T7206  39T0986 
Turkish  39T7141  39T7201  39T0981 
 
Parts  list
 
204  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 211 ---
Recovery  discs 
Windows  XP  Professional  CDs 
Windows  XP  Professional  is  preinstalled  as  the  operating  system  in  the  following 
models: 
v    1951-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax,  2Bx,  2Cx,  2Dx,  2Ex,  2Fx, 
2Gx,  2Hx,  2Jx,  2Kx,  2Lx,  2Mx,  2Nx,  2Px,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x,  38x,  39x, 
3Ax,  3Bx,  3Cx,  3Dx,  3Ex,  3Fx,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx, 
4Cx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx,  4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Lx,  4Mx,  4Tx,  52x,  53x,  54x,  55x,  56x,  57x, 
58x,  86x,  C2x,  F2x,  F3x,  F4x,  F5x,  F6x,  F7x,  F8x,  FCx 
v    1952-CTO,  24x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  4Gx,  4Mx,  4Tx,  52x,  58x,  C2x 
v    1953-CTO,  D2x,  D3x,  D4x,  D5x,  D6x,  D7x,  D9x,  DAx 
v    1954-CTO,  2Mx,  2Px,  52x 
v    1955-CTO,  43x 
v    1956-CTO,  43x 
v    2007-CTO,  22x,  23x,  24x,  25x,  26x,  27x,  28x,  29x,  2Ax,  32x,  33x,  34x,  35x,  36x,  37x, 
38x,  39x,  42x,  43x,  44x,  45x,  46x,  47x,  48x,  49x,  4Ax,  4Bx,  4Cx,  4Dx,  4Ex,  4Fx,  4Gx, 
4Hx,  4Jx,  4Kx,  4Mx,  4Nx,  4Px,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Tx,  4Ux,  4Vx,  4Yx,  52x,  53x,  54x, 
55x,  56x,  57x,  58x,  59x,  5Ax,  5Bx,  5Cx,  5Dx,  5Ex,  5Fx,  5Gx,  5Hx,  5Jx,  5Kx,  5Lx, 
5Mx,  5Nx,  5Qx,  5Rx,  5Tx,  5Ux,  5Vx,  5Wx,  5Xx,  5Yx,  62x,  63x,  64x,  65x,  66x,  67x, 
68x,  69x,  6Ax,  6Bx,  6Cx,  6Dx,  6Ex,  6Fx,  6Jx,  6Kx,  6Lx,  6Mx,  6Nx,  72x,  73x,  74x, 
75x,  76x,  77x,  78x,  79x,  7Ax,  7Cx,  7Dx,  7Ex,  7Fx,  7Hx,  82x,  83x,  84x,  85x,  86x,  87x, 
88x,  89x,  8Ax,  8Bx,  8Dx,  8Ex,  8Fx,  8Gx,  92x,  93x,  94x,  95x,  96x,  97x,  98x,  99x,  9Ax, 
9Bx,  9Cx,  9Ex,  9Gx,  C2x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  F2x,  F3x,  F4x,  F5x,  F6x, 
F7x,  F8x,  F9x,  FAx,  FBx,  FCx,  FDx,  FEx,  FFx,  FGx,  FHx,  FPx,  FQx,  FRx,  FSx,  G2x, 
G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  G6x,  G7x,  G8x,  G9x,  GAx,  GBx,  GHx,  GJx 
v    2008-CTO,  42x,  43x,  44x,  46x,  49x,  4Ax,  55x,  56x,  5Tx,  66x,  83x,  87x,  8Dx,  93x, 
9Ex,  C2x,  C3x,  C4x,  C5x,  C6x,  C7x,  C8x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  GAx,  GBx 
v    2009-CTO,  42x,  83x 
v    2623-CTO,  D2x,  D3x,  D4x,  D5x,  D6x,  D7x,  D8x,  D9x,  DAx,  DBx,  DCx,  DDx,  DFx, 
DQx,  DRx,  DSx,  DTx,  GHx,  GJx 
v    2637-CTO,  42x,  83x
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  205

--- Page 212 ---
Language  P/N  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
Arabic  42J6288  R  * 
Chinese,  Simplified  42J6281 
Chinese,  Traditional  42J6282 
Chinese,  Traditional  (Hong  Kong  S.A.R.)  42J6283 
Czech  42J6287 
Danish  42J6277 
Dutch  42J6280 
English,  Russia  42J6295 
English,  U.K.  42J6270 
English,  U.S.  42J6269 
Finnish  42J6278 
French  42J6271 
German  42J6272 
Greek  42J6292 
Hebrew  42J6285 
Hungarian  42J6291 
Italian  42J6274 
Japanese  42J6284 
Korean  42J6293 
Norwegian  42J6279 
Polish  42J6286 
Portuguese,  Brazilian  42J6275 
Russian  42J6289 
Slovenian  42J6294 
Spanish  42J6273 
Swedish  42J6276 
Turkish  42J6290 
 
Parts  list
 
206  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 213 ---
v    1951-CTO,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx,  2Tx,  2Ux,  2Vx,  3Gx,  3Hx,  3Jx,  3Kx,  3Lx,  3Mx,  4Nx, 
4Px,  4Qx,  4Rx,  4Sx,  4Ux,  59x,  5Ax,  5Bx,  62x,  64x,  65x,  66x,  67x,  72x,  73x,  74x,  75x, 
76x,  82x,  83x,  84x,  85x,  F9x,  FAx,  FBx,  FDx,  FEx,  G2x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x,  G6x 
v    1952-CTO,  2Qx,  2Rx,  2Sx,  3Gx,  4Nx,  4Px 
v    1953-CTO,  DDx 
v    1954-CTO,  63x,  DEx,  DFx,  DGx,  G2x,  G3x,  G4x,  G5x 
v    1955-CTO,  43x 
v    1956-CTO,  43x 
v    2007-CTO,  2Bx,  6Px,  6Qx,  6Rx,  6Sx,  6Tx,  6Ux,  6Vx,  6Wx,  6Xx,  6Yx,  6Zx,  7Jx,  7Kx, 
7Lx,  7Mx,  7Nx,  7Px,  7Rx,  7Sx,  7Vx,  7Wx,  7Xx,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Lx,  8Mx,  8Nx,  8Px,  8Rx, 
8Tx,  FJx,  FKx,  FLx,  FNx,  FTx,  FUx,  FVx,  FXx,  GCx,  GDx,  GEx,  GFx,  GGx,  GKx, 
J2x,  J3x,  J4x,  J5x,  J6x,  M2x,  M3x,  M4x,  M5x,  M6x,  M7x,  N2x,  N3x,  N4x 
v    2008-CTO,  6Qx,  7Jx,  7Kx,  8Hx,  8Jx,  8Kx,  8Lx,  GCx,  GDx,  GEx,  J2x,  J3x 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2623-CTO,  7Qx,  7Ux,  7Xx,  8Kx,  K5x,  K6x,  K7x,  K8x,  KEx,  KFx,  KHx,  KJx,  KKx, 
M3x 
v    2637-CTO
 
Language  P/N  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
Chinese,  Simplified  43T4690  R  * 
Chinese,  Traditional  43T4691 
Chinese,  Traditional  (Hong  Kong  S.A.R.)  43T4692 
Danish  43T4686 
Dutch  43T4689 
English,  Russia  43T4704 
English,  U.K.  43T4679 
English,  U.S.  43T4678 
Finnish  43T4687 
French  43T4680 
German  43T4681 
Italian  43T4683 
Japanese  43T4693 
Korean  43T4702 
Norwegian  43T4688 
Portuguese,  Brazilian  43T4684 
Spanish  43T4682 
Swedish  43T4685 
 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  207

--- Page 214 ---
Windows  XP  Home  Edition  CDs 
Windows  XP  Home  Edition  is  preinstalled  as  the  operating  system  in  the  following 
models: 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO 
v    2637-CTO
 
Language  P/N  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
Arabic  42J6504  R  * 
Chinese,  Simplified  42J6497 
Chinese,  Traditional  42J6498 
Chinese,  Traditional  (Hong  Kong  S.A.R.)  42J6499 
Czech  42J6503 
Danish  42J6493 
Dutch  42J6496 
English,  Russia  42J6510 
English,  U.K.  42J6486 
English,  U.S.  42J6485 
Finnish  42J6494 
French  42J6487 
German  42J6488 
Greek  42J6508 
Hebrew  42J6501 
Hungarian  42J6507 
Italian  42J6490 
Japanese  42J6500 
Korean  42J6509 
Norwegian  42J6495 
Polish  42J6502 
Portuguese,  Brazilian  42J6491 
Russian  42J6505 
Spanish  42J6489 
Swedish  42J6492 
Turkish  42J6506 
 
Parts  list
 
208  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 215 ---
v    1951-CTO 
v    1952-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  DBx,  DCx 
v    1954-CTO 
v    1955-CTO 
v    1956-CTO 
v    2007-CTO 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2009-CTO 
v    2613-CTO,  K9x,  KAx,  KBx,  KCx 
v    2623-CTO 
v    2637-CTO
 
Language  P/N  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
Chinese,  Simplified  43T4933  R  * 
Chinese,  Traditional  43T4934 
Chinese,  Traditional  (Hong  Kong  S.A.R.)  43T4935 
Danish  43T4929 
Dutch  43T4932 
English,  Russia  43T4946 
English,  U.K.  43T4922 
English,  U.S.  43T4921 
Finnish  43T4930 
French  43T4923 
German  43T4924 
Italian  43T4926 
Japanese  43T4936 
Korean  43T4945 
Norwegian  43T4931 
Portuguese,  Brazilian  43T4927 
Spanish  43T4925 
Swedish  43T4928 
 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  209

--- Page 216 ---
Windows  Vista  Home  Premium  (32  bit)  DVDs 
Windows  Vista  Home  Premium  (32  bit)  is  preinstalled  as  the  operating  system  in 
the  following  models: 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1953-CTO,  PKx 
v    1954-CTO,  PMx 
v    2007-CTO,  PQx 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO
 
Language  P/N  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
Chinese,  Simplified  43T7528  R  * 
Chinese,  Traditional  43T7529 
Chinese,  Traditional  (Hong  Kong  S.A.R.)  43T7530 
Czech  43T7521 
Danish  43T7519 
Dutch  43T7520 
English,  Russia  43T7510 
English,  U.K.  43T7509 
English,  U.S.  43T7508 
Finnish  43T7522 
French  43T7511 
German  43T7512 
Greek  43T7527 
Hungarian  43T7526 
Italian  43T7515 
Japanese  43T7516 
Korean  43T7531 
Norwegian  43T7517 
Polish  43T7523 
Portuguese,  Brazilian  43T7514 
Russian  43T7524 
Slovenian  43T7533 
Spanish  43T7513 
Swedish  43T7518 
Turkish  43T7525 
 
Parts  list
 
210  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 217 ---
Windows  Vista  Business  (32  bit)  DVDs 
Windows  Vista  Business  (32  bit)  is  preinstalled  as  the  operating  system  in  the 
following  models: 
v    1951-CTO,  PAx,  PCx,  PDx,  PEx,  PFx,  PGx 
v    1953-CTO,  P2x,  P3x 
v    1954-CTO,  P4x,  P5x,  P6x,  P7x,  P8x,  P9x,  PBx,  PHx,  PJx,  PLx 
v    2007-CTO,  P9x,  PAx,  PBx,  PCx,  PFx,  PGx,  PHx,  PJx,  PLx,  PPx,  PRx,  PTx,  PUx, 
PVx,  PWx 
v    2008-CTO,  PDx,  PEx,  PNx 
v    2613-CTO,  Q5x 
v    2623-CTO,  P2x,  P4x,  P5x,  P6x,  P7x,  PKx,  PZx,  Q2x,  Q3x,  Q4x,  Q6x,  Q7x,  Q8x, 
Q9x
 
Language  P/N  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
Chinese,  Simplified  43T7423  R  * 
Chinese,  Traditional  43T7424 
Chinese,  Traditional  (Hong  Kong  S.A.R.)  43T7425 
Czech  43T7415 
Danish  43T7861 
Dutch  43T7414 
English,  Russia  43T7404 
English,  U.K.  43T7403 
English,  U.S.  43T7402 
Finnish  43T7416 
French  43T7405 
German  43T7406 
Greek  43T7422 
Hungarian  43T7421 
Italian  43T7409 
Japanese  43T7410 
Korean  43T7426 
Norwegian  43T7857 
Polish  43T7418 
Portuguese,  Brazilian  43T7408 
Russian  43T7419 
Slovenian  43T7428 
Spanish  43T7407 
Swedish  43T7859 
Turkish  43T7420 
 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  211

--- Page 218 ---
Windows  Vista  Ultimate  (32  bit)  DVDs 
Windows  Vista  Ultimate  (32  bit)  is  preinstalled  as  the  operating  system  in  the 
following  models: 
v    1951-CTO 
v    1953-CTO 
v    1954-CTO 
v    2007-CTO,  PSx,  PXx,  PYx 
v    2008-CTO 
v    2613-CTO 
v    2623-CTO,  P3x,  P8x,  PMx,  QAx,  QBx,  QCx
 
Language  P/N  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
Chinese,  Simplified  43T7476  R  * 
Chinese,  Traditional  43T7477 
Chinese,  Traditional  (Hong  Kong  S.A.R.)  43T7478 
Czech  43T7469 
Danish  43T7467 
Dutch  43T7468 
English,  Russia  43T7458 
English,  U.K.  43T7457 
English,  U.S.  43T7456 
Finnish  43T7470 
French  43T7459 
German  43T7460 
Greek  43T7475 
Hungarian  43T7474 
Italian  43T7463 
Japanese  43T7464 
Korean  43T7479 
Norwegian  43T7465 
Polish  43T7471 
Portuguese,  Brazilian  43T7462 
Russian  43T7472 
Slovenian  43T7481 
Spanish  43T7461 
Swedish  43T7466 
Turkish  43T7473 
 
Parts  list
 
212  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 219 ---
Miscellaneous  parts 
 
FRU  P/N  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
Screw  kit  (including  nylon-coated  screws): 
v    M2  ×  2.8  mm  (silver),  flat  head  (15) 
v    M2  ×  3  mm  (silver),  small  head  (20) 
v    M2  ×  3.5  mm  (black),  flat  head  (20) 
v    M2  ×  4  mm  (black),  bind  head  (15) 
v    M2  ×  4  mm  (black),  flat  head  (10) 
v    M2  ×  5  mm  (black),  flat  head  (20) 
v    M2  ×  9.5  mm  (black),  bind  head  (15) 
v    M2  ×  14  mm  (black),  flat  head  (15) 
v    M2  ×  19  mm  (black),  bind  head  (3) 
v    M3  ×  2.8  mm  (black),  flat  head  (7) 
v    M3  ×  3  mm,  security  screw  (3) 
v    Hex  stud  (5) 
v    Circular  sticker 
v    Screw  cap,  dia.  6.6  mm 
v    Screw  cap,  dia.  7  mm 
v    Cable  securing  tape 
v    Screw  cap 
v    Screw  caps  (square) 
v    Tape 
41W4504  R  N 
Base  miscellaneous  parts  (14.1-in.  LCD  models): 
v    Slide  lever,  eject 
v    Slide  lever  spring 
v    Bracket  puller,  eject 
v    Spring,  eject 
v    Flap,  card  bus 
v    Spring,  flap 
v    Rubber  foot  (front) 
v    Rubber  foot  (rear,  L) 
v    Rubber  foot  (rear,  R) 
v    Insulation  sheet  1 
v    Insulation  sheet  2 
v    Latch,  battery  eject 
v    Spring,  battery  eject 
v    Screw  cap  (dia.  7  mm) 
41V9926  R  N 
Base  miscellaneous  parts  (15.0-in.  LCD  models): 
v    Slide  lever,  eject 
v    Slide  lever  spring 
v    Bracket  puller,  eject 
v    Spring,  eject 
v    Flap,  card  bus 
v    Spring,  flap 
v    Rubber  foot  (front) 
v    Rubber  foot  (rear,  L) 
v    Rubber  foot  (rear,  R) 
v    Insulation  sheet  1 
v    Insulation  sheet  2 
v    Latch,  battery  eject 
v    Spring,  battery  eject 
v    Screw  cap  (dia.  6.6  mm) 
41V9927  R  N
  
(continued) 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  213

--- Page 220 ---
FRU  P/N  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
System  miscellaneous  parts  (14.1-in.  LCD  models): 
v    (a)  DC  in  cable 
v    (b)  Bracket,  fan 
v    (c)  Bracket,  CPU  support 
v    (d)  Modem  cable  assembly,  MDC-1.5 
v    Cable  guide,  USB  14 
v    Bracket,  Kensington 
v    Connector  bag
Note:
  Italicized  letters  in  parentheses  are  references  to  the 
exploded  view  on  page  130. 
41W6301  R  N 
System  miscellaneous  parts  (15.0-in.  LCD  models): 
v    (a)  DC  in  cable 
v    (b)  Bracket,  fan 
v    (c)  Bracket,  CPU  support 
v    Cable  guide,  USB  15 
v    Bracket,  Kensington 
v    Connector  bag
Note:
  Italicized  letters  in  parentheses  are  references  to  the 
exploded  view  on  page  130. 
41W6302  R  N 
System  board  miscellaneous  parts  (integrate): 
v    Insulator,  1 
v    Insulator,  2 
v    Insulator,  3 
v    Insulator,  4 
41V9924  R  N 
System  board  miscellaneous  parts  (discrete): 
v    Insulator,  1 
v    Insulator,  2 
v    Insulator,  3 
v    Insulator,  4 
41V9925  R  N 
 
Parts  list
 
214  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 221 ---
AC  adapters 
 
FRU  P/N  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
2-pin  (90  W,  20  V)  adapter  (models  CTO,  xxE,  xxF,  xxJ,  xxL,  xxP,  xxS,  xxY,  xxU) 
ASTEC  42T5000  R  * 
Lite-On  93P5026  R  * 
Sanken  92P1114  R  * 
2-pin  (65  W,  20  V)  adapter  (models  CTO,  xxE,  xxF,  xxJ,  xxL,  xxP,  xxS,  xxY,  xxU) 
Delta  92P1155  R  * 
Lite-On  92P1159  R  * 
3-pin  (90  W,  20  V)  adapter  (models  CTO,  xxA,  xxB,  xxC,  xxG,  xxH,  xxK,  xxM,  xxT,  xxV) 
OP 
ASTEC  92P1104  R  * 
Lite-On  92P1108  R  * 
Sanken  92P1112  R  * 
3-pin  (65W,  20  V)  adapter  (models  CTO,  xxA,  xxB,  xxC,  xxG,  xxH,  xxK,  xxM,  xxT,  xxV) 
OP 
Delta  92P1153  R  * 
Lite-On  92P1157  R  *
  
Common  parts  list 
Tools 
 
Tool  P/N 
Screwdriver  kit  95F3598 
1/4"  drive  spinner  handle  1650840 
1/4"  Sq.  to  1/4"  hex  torx  adapter  93F2838 
TR7-TR-10  tamper  resistant  torx  bits  00P6967 
Removal  tool  antenna  RF  connector  08K7159 
USB  2.0  CD-RW/DVD-ROM  combo  drive  II  40Y8687 
USB  cable  40Y8704 
USB  floppy  diskette  drive  for  maintenance  diskette  05K9283 
USB  floppy  diskette  drive  tool  kit  27L3452 
Test  card  for  integrated  Smart  Card  42W7820 
ThinkPad  Hardware  Maintenance  Diskette  Version  1.73  or  later 
Note:  Download  the  file  from  the  following  Web  site:  http://www.lenovo.com/
spm 
— 
 
Parts  list
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  215

--- Page 222 ---
Power  cords 
A  ThinkPad  power  cord  for  a  specific  country  or  region  is  usually  available  only  in 
that  country  or  region: 
For  2-pin  power  cords: 
 
Region  P/N 
(Longwell) 
P/N  (Volex)  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
Argentina,  Uruguay,  Paraguay  42T5020  42T5105  R  * 
Brazil  42T5180  42T5183 
Canada,  U.S.  42T5008  42T5093 
Japan  42T5014  42T5099
  
For  3-pin  power  cords: 
 
Region  P/N 
(Longwell) 
P/N  (Volex)  RoHS 
ID 
CRU 
ID 
Australia,  New  Zealand  42T5050  42T5135  R  * 
Bangladesh,  South  Africa,  Sri  Lanka  42T5056  42T5141 
China  42T5065  42T5150 
Denmark  42T5041  42T5126 
Europe  42T5029  42T5114 
Hong  Kong  S.A.R.  of  China,  U.K.  42T5035  42T5120 
India  42T5083  42T5168 
Israel  42T5062  42T5147 
Italy  42T5047  42T5132 
Korea  42T5077  42T5162 
Philippine,  Saudi  Arabia,  Thailand  42T5004  42T5089 
Switzerland  42T5044  42T5129 
Taiwan  42T5071  42T5156 
Parts  list
 
216  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 223 ---
Notices 
Lenovo  may  not  offer  the  products,  services,  or  features  discussed  in  this 
document  in  all  countries.  Consult  your  local  Lenovo  representative  for 
information  on  the  products  and  services  currently  available  in  your  area.  Any 
reference  to  a  Lenovo  product,  program,  or  service  is  not  intended  to  state  or 
imply  that  only  that  Lenovo  product,  program,  or  service  may  be  used.  Any 
functionally  equivalent  product,  program,  or  service  that  does  not  infringe  any 
Lenovo  intellectual  property  right  may  be  used  instead.  However,  it  is  the  user’s 
responsibility  to  evaluate  and  verify  the  operation  of  any  other  product,  program, 
or  service. 
Lenovo  may  have  patents  or  pending  patent  applications  covering  subject  matter 
described  in  this  document.  The  furnishing  of  this  document  does  not  give  you 
any  license  to  these  patents.  You  can  send  license  inquiries,  in  writing,  to: 
   
Lenovo  (United  States),  Inc. 
   
1009  Think  Place  -  Building  One 
   
Morrisville,  NC  27560 
   
U.S.A. 
   
Attention:  Lenovo  Director  of  Licensing
LENOVO
  PROVIDES  THIS  PUBLICATION  “AS  IS”  WITHOUT  WARRANTY  OF 
ANY  KIND,  EITHER  EXPRESS  OR  IMPLIED,  INCLUDING,  BUT  NOT  LIMITED 
TO,  THE  IMPLIED  WARRANTIES  OF  NON-INFRINGEMENT, 
MERCHANTABILITY  OR  FITNESS  FOR  A  PARTICULAR  PURPOSE.  Some 
jurisdictions  do  not  allow  disclaimer  of  express  or  implied  warranties  in  certain 
transactions,  therefore,  this  statement  may  not  apply  to  you. 
This  information  could  include  technical  inaccuracies  or  typographical  errors. 
Changes  are  periodically  made  to  the  information  herein;  these  changes  will  be 
incorporated  in  new  editions  of  the  publication.  Lenovo  may  make  improvements 
and/or  changes  in  the  product(s)  and/or  the  program(s)  described  in  this 
publication  at  any  time  without  notice. 
The  products  described  in  this  document  are  not  intended  for  use  in  implantation 
or  other  life  support  applications  where  malfunction  may  result  in  injury  or  death 
to  persons.  The  information  contained  in  this  document  does  not  affect  or  change 
Lenovo  product  specifications  or  warranties.  Nothing  in  this  document  shall 
operate  as  an  express  or  implied  license  or  indemnity  under  the  intellectual 
property  rights  of  Lenovo  or  third  parties.  All  information  contained  in  this 
document  was  obtained  in  specific  environments  and  is  presented  as  an 
illustration.  The  result  obtained  in  other  operating  environments  may  vary. 
Lenovo  may  use  or  distribute  any  of  the  information  you  supply  in  any  way  it 
believes  appropriate  without  incurring  any  obligation  to  you. 
Any  references  in  this  publication  to  non-Lenovo  Web  sites  are  provided  for 
convenience  only  and  do  not  in  any  manner  serve  as  an  endorsement  of  those  Web 
sites.  The  materials  at  those  Web  sites  are  not  part  of  the  materials  for  this  Lenovo 
product,  and  use  of  those  Web  sites  is  at  your  own  risk. 
Any  performance  data  contained  herein  was  determined  in  a  controlled 
environment.  Therefore,  the  result  obtained  in  other  operating  environments  may 
vary  significantly.  Some  measurements  may  have  been  made  on  development-level 
systems  and  there  is  no  guarantee  that  these  measurements  will  be  the  same  on 
generally  available  systems.  Furthermore,  some  measurements  may  have  been 
Notices
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  217

--- Page 224 ---
estimated  through  extrapolation.  Actual  results  may  vary.  Users  of  this  document 
should  verify  the  applicable  data  for  their  specific  environment. 
Trademarks 
The  following  terms  are  trademarks  of  Lenovo  in  the  United  States,  other 
countries,  or  both: 
   
Active  Protection  System 
   
Lenovo
® 
   
Rescue  and  Recovery
® 
   
ThinkLight
® 
   
ThinkPad
® 
   
ThinkVantage
® 
   
TrackPoint
® 
   
Ultrabay 
   
Ultrabay  2000 
   
Ultrabay  Plus 
   
UltraNav
® 
The  following  terms  are  trademarks  of  the  International  Business  Machines 
Corporation  in  the  United  States,  other  countries,  or  both: 
   
IBM  (used  under  license) 
The  following  terms  are  trademarks  of  Microsoft  Corporation  in  the  United  States, 
other  countries,  or  both: 
   
Windows
® 
   
Windows  Vista
® 
The  following  are  trademarks  of  Intel  Corporation  or  its  subsidiaries  in  the  United 
States,  other  countries,  or  both: 
   
Intel
® 
   
Intel
® 
Core
TM 
   
Intel
® 
Core
TM 
Duo 
   
Intel
® 
Core
TM 
Solo 
   
Intel
® 
Core
TM 
2  Duo 
Other  company,  product,  or  service  names  may  be  the  trademarks  or  service  marks 
of  others. 
Notices
 
218  MT  1951,  1952,  1953,  1954,  1955,  1956,  2007,  2008,  2009,  2613,  2623,  and  2637

--- Page 225 ---
Trademarks
 
ThinkPad  T60  and  T60p  (14.1-inch  and  15.0-inch)  219

--- Page 226 ---
Part  Number:  42T7844_04
  
  
 
  
(1P)  P/N:  42T7844_04

