Brand: IGEL
Model: Ud7
URL: https://www.manua.ls/igel/ud7/manual
Total Pages: 12
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
www.igel.com 
IGEL UD7 
HARDWARE MANUAL 
VERSION 1.1 – October 2018

--- Page 2 ---
IGEL Technology GmbH    Hardware Manual IGEL UD7 
 
2/12    Version 1.1 – October 2018 
Information 
Copyright 
This publication is protected under international copyright laws. All rights reserved. With 
the exception of documentation kept by the purchaser for backup purposes, no part of 
this manual – including the products and software described in it – may be reproduced, 
manipulated,  transmitted,  transcribed,  copied,  stored  in  a  data  retrieval  system  or 
translated in any form or by any means without the express written permission of IGEL 
Technology GmbH. 
Copyright © 2018 IGEL Technology GmbH. All rights reserved. 
Disclaimer 
The specifications and information contained in this manual are intended for information 
use only, are subject to change at any time without notice and should not be construed 
as constituting a commitment or obligation on the part of IGEL Technology GmbH. IGEL 
Technology  GmbH  assumes  no  responsibility  or  liability  for  any  errors  or  inaccuracies 
that may appear in this manual, including any pertaining to the products and software 
described  in  it.  IGEL  Technology  GmbH  makes  no  representations  or  warranties  with 
respect  to  the  contents  thereof  and  specifically  disclaims  any  implied  warranties  of 
merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose. 
Warranty 
After purchase, just register with us online, and all your IGEL thin clients UD2, UD3, UD6 
and  UD7  will  be  upgraded  from  a  standard  2-year  to  a  5-year  hardware  warranty, 
according to our end customer hardware warranty declaration, at no additional cost.   
The UD Pocket, UD9, IZ2 and IZ3 series will be upgraded to a 3-year hardware warranty. 
The warranty upgrade does not cover any additional hardware options. 
 
Find further information on our website under www.igel.com/product-warranty 
IGEL is a registered trademark of IGEL Technology GmbH. All hardlware and software 
names are registered trademarks of the respective manufacturers. Errors and omissions 
excepted. Subject to change without notice. 
 
IGEL Technology GmbH 
Hanna-Kunath-Str. 31 
28199 Bremen, Germany 
Tel.: +49 421 52094 0 
Fax: +49 421 52094 1499 
info@igel.com 
Hardware Reference 
IGEL UD7 (IGEL-H850C) 
Document Version 1.1 – October 2018

--- Page 3 ---
IGEL Technology GmbH    Hardware Manual IGEL UD7 
 
3/12    Version 1.1 – October 2018 
Safety Instructions 
 
Read these instructions carefully and save them for future reference. 
 
•  Disconnect this equipment from mains supply before cleaning. Don’t use liquid or sprayed 
detergent for cleaning. Use moisture sheet or cloth for cleaning. 
•  Before opening the device, first switch it off and then disconnect the power plug. Observe 
the specification in the user manual. 
•  The warranty will be invalidated if the device is damaged during the installation or 
replacement of system expansions. 
•  Lay this equipment on a reliable surface when installed. A drop or fall could cause injury. 
•  Make sure power adapter and power cord are placed in a way that people cannot step on 
them. Do not place anything over the power adapter or power cord. 
•  All cautions and warnings on the equipment should be noted. 
•  If the equipment is not used for long time, disconnect the equipment from mains supply to 
avoid being damaged by transient overvoltage. 
•  Make sure that no objects or liquids get inside the device (danger of electric shock, fire, short 
circuit). 
•  If one of the following situations occurs, get the equipment checked by a service personnel: 
o  The power adapter, power cord or plug is damaged. 
o  Liquid has penetrated into the equipment. 
o  The equipment has been exposed to moisture. 
o  The equipment does not work well or you cannot get it work according to user manual. 
o  The equipment has been dropped or damaged. 
o  The equipment has obvious signs of breakage. 
•  Do not leave this equipment in an unconditioned environment. Storage temperature below -
20 °C (-4 °F) or above 60 °C (140 °F) may cause damage of the equipment. 
•  Do not use this equipment in an unconditioned environment. Unless otherwise stated in the 
technical specifications operational conditions may not exceed the following limits, it may 
damage the equipment: 
o  Vertical usage: 
Temperature: 0 °C to 35 °C, 32 °F to 104 °F   
Humidity: 10 % to 80 %, non-condensing 
o  Horizontal usage (only with optional rubber feet, no VESA mount): 
Temperature: 0 °C to 35 °C, 32 °C to 95 °F 
Humidity: 10 % to 80 %, non-condensing 
•  Note that even in closed rooms local temperatures may increase, for instance in case the 
device is exposed to strong sun radiation. Protect the device from external heat sources. 
•  Ensure that air is free to circulate through the product. Do not use in a poorly ventilated 
place. Do not cover it with a cloth or place it on soft ground. Surrounding objects of the 
device may block the air flow. Keep a minimum distance of 20 cm around the device for 
sufficient ventilation. 
•  Horizontal usage with optional rubber feet: Tilt the housing to the left so that the power 
button is one the left-hand side:

--- Page 4 ---
IGEL Technology GmbH    Hardware Manual IGEL UD7 
 
4/12    Version 1.1 – October 2018 
 
•  Gloss warning for devices without display: This device is not intended for use in the direct 
field of view at visual display workplaces. To avoid incommoding reflexions at visual display 
workplaces this device must not be placed in direct field of view. 
•  Lithium battery caution: 
o  The Lithium battery (button cell) installed in the device may only be replaced by 
authorised, specially trained personnel.   
o  Contact your supplier or the manufacturer for servicing and repairs. 
o  Danger of explosion if battery is incorrectly replaced. 
o  Dispose of used batteries according to the manufacturer’s instructions. 
•  Excessive sound pressure from ear-/headphones can cause hearing damage/hearing loss. 
Adjustment of the volume control as well as the equalizer to other settings than the centre 
position may increase the ear-/headphones output voltage and therefore the sound pressure 
level. The use of factors influencing the ear-/headphones output other than those specified 
by the manufacturer (e.g. operating system, equalizer software, firmware, driver) may 
increase the ear-/headphones output voltage and therefore the sound pressure level. 
•  UL 62368: This equipment must be grounded. The power cord for the equipment must only 
be connected to socket-outlets providing earthing connection. 
•  Visit www.igel.com for the latest product information and safety instructions updates. 
•  Specific Safety Instructions for UD9: 
o  To avoid damage or malfunction, do not use hard or abrasive objects for touching the 
LCD module. 
o  Do not exert pressure on the LCD module. 
o  Use a soft dry cloth without chemicals for cleaning, because the surface of polarizer is 
very soft and easily scratched. 
o  It is dangerous that moisture come into or contacted the LCD module, because moisture 
may damage LCD module when it is operating. 
o  If the liquid crystal material leaks from the panel, it should be kept away from the eyes or 
mouth. In case of contact with hands, skin or clothes, it has to be washed away 
thoroughly with soap. 
o  When fixed patterns are displayed for a long time, remnant image is likely to occur. 
o  Do not leave the LCD module facing the sun. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Visit kb.igel.com/hardware for more information.

--- Page 5 ---
IGEL Technology GmbH    Hardware Manual IGEL UD7 
 
5/12    Version 1.1 – October 2018 
Connections 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Part List 
•  Thin Client Unit 
•  Foot 
•  Power Supply with integrated DC Cable 
•  AC Power Cord 
•  DVI-VGA-Adapter 
 
Power Connection Note 
•  Connect all accessories e. g. mouse, keyboard, screen (not part of the equipment), and 
Ethernet. 
•  Connect the AC power cord with the receptacle of the Power Supply. 
•  Connect the other end of the AC power cord with a suited mains socket. 
•  Connect the DC cable with the DC In receptacle on the rear side of the Thin Client. 
•  Switch on the Thin Client by use of the power button on the front side. 
   
Power Switch 
Smartcard Reader Slot 
(Smartcard Reader optional) 
Cover 
(3x USB 3.0) 
Foot 
PS/2 Keyboard 
Ethernet RJ45 
1x line-out 
3x USB 2.0 
3x DisplayPort 
Security Lock 
12 V DC In 
2x Serial Port 
Option 1: WLAN 
Option 2: anti-theft USB-Port 
1x mic-in 
1x Serial Port

--- Page 6 ---
IGEL Technology GmbH    Hardware Manual IGEL UD7 
 
6/12    Version 1.1 – October 2018 
Technical Specifications 
System
 
Available Operating Systems 
IGEL OS 10 (LX) or Microsoft Windows 10 IoT (W10) 
Management 
IGEL Universal Management Suite included 
Processor 
AMD RX-216GD 1.6 GHz (Dual-Core) up to 3.0 GHZ (Boost-
Mode) 
Chipset 
AMD R-Series 
 
 
Memory 
RAM 
4 GB 
Storage 
4 GB (LX) or 32 GB (W10) 
 
 
Graphics
 
Chipset 
Radeon R5 Series 
Video Memory 
64-512 MB Shared Memory 
Ports 
3x  DisplayPort  1.2,  Multi-Stream-Transport  (so-called  Daisy 
Chain) support depends on configuration,  official support is 
not given. 
Supported Resolutions 
2x max. 3840x2160 @60Hz; 1x max. 2560x1600 @60Hz or 
3840x2160 30Hz 
 
 
Network 
Ethernet 
10/100/1000 Base-T 
WLAN 
Optional, via Connectivity Bar 
 
 
Audio
 
Chipset 
Realtek High Definition Audio (ALC662) 
Ports 
1x line-out, 1x mic-in, 1x DisplayPort (Intel HD Audio) 
Speakers 
1x internal 
 
 
Peripheral Interfaces
 
PS/2 
1x keyboard 
Serial 
1x 
Parallel 
1x optional, via Connectivity Bar or USB-to-Parallel adapter 
USB 2.0 
3x back, 1x optional: anti-theft USB, via Connectivity Bar 
USB 3.0 
2x front 
Security Lock 
1x back 
 
 
Dimensions and Weight 
Device (DxWxH), vertical 
232 mm x 68 mm x 227 mm (without foot stand) 
232 mm x 99 mm x 242 mm (with foot stand) 
Packaging (DxWxH) 
297 mm x 366 mm x 125 mm 
Weight 
1.60 kg (with foot stand and external power adapter)

--- Page 7 ---
IGEL Technology GmbH    Hardware Manual IGEL UD7 
 
7/12    Version 1.1 – October 2018 
 
Environmental Conditions 
 
Strictly follow safety instructions and respect environmental conditions! 
Cooling 
fanless convection 
Operating Temperature 
0 °C   – 40 °C (vertical without VESA) 
0 °C   – 35 °C (vertical with VESA) 
0 °C   – 35 °C (horizontal with rubber feet) 
Operating Humidity 
20 % – 80 % non-condensing 
 
 
Electrical Data 
Power Supply 
external 
Power Supply AC Input 
100 – 240 VAC / 50 – 60 Hz 
Power Supply DC Output 
12 V / 3 A External Power Adapter 
(A140-1120300N & FSP036-RHAN2) 
Power Consumption 
5.7 W (idle) / 1,2 W (sleep) / < 0.8 W (off) 
(@230 V, 50 Hz) 
 
 
Typical Energy Consumption 
(ENERGY STAR)
 
E
TEC
 
23.1 kWh (per year) 
E
TEC,max
 
33 kWh (per year) 
 
 
Options for Device Mounting 
 
For mounting options visit also kb.igel.com/hardware. 
VESA Mount 
for mounting on the back of a monitor (VESA75, VESA100) 
Vertical mounting only! 
Rubber feet 
for horizontal placement of the device 
 
 
Connectivity Bar 
Option 1 
1x serial port and anti-theft USB port 
Option 2 
1x serial port and 802.11a/b/g/n 2.4 GHz, 5 GHz WiFi 
 
 
Optional Accessories 
Additional Graphics Card 
For the use of a fourth monitor via 1x DisplayPort 1.2 
(max. 2560x1600) 
Built-in Smartcard Reader 
for secure smartcard-based authentication 
USB-to-Serial Adapter 
for connecting peripherals that require a serial port 
USB-to-Parallel Adapter 
for connecting printers that require a parallel port 
DisplayPort to DVI Adapter 
for connecting a monitor that requries a DVI port 
Shared WorkPlace 
it allows user-dependent configuration based on setting 
profiles 
Multimedia Codec Pack 
(only IGEL OS UD) 
required for multimedia redirection and full multimedia 
functionality

--- Page 8 ---
IGEL Technology GmbH    Hardware Manual IGEL UD7 
 
8/12    Version 1.1 – October 2018 
 
Additional Graphics Card 
 
With  this  optional  graphics  card  the  parallel  use  of  up  to 
four digital monitors at 60Hz by DisplayPort, two in 4K and 
two in 2K is possible. 
 
Specifications: 
AMD Embedded Radeon™ E9173 discrete GPU 
Expands UD7 with a 4th DisplayPort (2560x1600) for 
configurations with 4 monitors! 
 
Please note: 
The original graphics card AMD E9173 has 1x DisplayPort und 2x miniDP ports. 
Our model has an adapted slot-bracket, where the 2x miniDP are covered. They are also turned 
off electrical, so just one DisplayPort is usable. 
 
 
 
 
General Information 
 
•  Multi-Stream-Transport (Daisy Chain) depends on configuration and support is limited. 
 
•  When using DisplayPort to DVI adapter, only active adapters are supported.

--- Page 9 ---
IGEL Technology GmbH    Hardware Manual IGEL UD7 
 
9/12    Version 1.1 – October 2018 
Regulatory Compliance Information 
 
FCC Compliance Statement 
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device, 
pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection 
against harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates, uses and can 
radiated radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, 
may  cause  harmful  interference  to  radio  communications. However,  there  is  no  guarantee  that 
interference  will  not  occur  in  a  particular  installation.  If  this  equipment  does  cause  harmful 
interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment 
off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following 
measures: 
•  Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna. 
•  Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver. 
•  Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is 
connected. 
•  Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help. 
Shielded interface cables must be used in order to comply with emission limits. 
Changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance could 
void the user’s authority to operate the equipment. 
 
 
 
 
TÜV-GS Statement 
This device is not intended for use in the direct field of view at visual display workplaces. To avoid 
incommoding reflexions at visual display workplaces this device must not be placed in the direct 
field of view. 
 
ENERGY STAR Information 
IGEL  Thin  Clients  with  a  Microsoft  Windows®  or  Linux  operating  system  have  been  shipped 
enabled for power management. The display Sleep mode will be activated after 6 minutes (IGEL 
OS)  /  10  minutes  (Windows)  of  user  inactivity  (default  setting).  The  standby  settings  can  be 
managed via the BIOS and local setup. The activation from the standby or Off mode can be done 
locally  (by  moving  of  the  mouse  or  pressing  a  key  on  the  key  board)  and  via  the  Ethernet 
connection (Wake-On-LAN).   
Energy Star Program 
Power managing your ENERGY STAR qualified computer can save up to 340 kWh annually or 25€ 
($35) per year. These energy savings are equivalent to: 
•  Preventing over 225 kg (500 lbs) of CO
2
 emissions per year 
•  Planting over 185 m² (2,000 sq ft.) of forest 
To  learn  how  to  power  manage  your  computers  at  your  office  all  at  once  through  network 
solutions, please go to: www.energystar.gov. 
ENERGY STAR is the government-backed program that helps us all save money and protect our 
environment with energy-efficient products and practices 
(www.energystar.gov/powermanagement).

--- Page 10 ---
IGEL Technology GmbH    Hardware Manual IGEL UD7 
 
10/12    Version 1.1 – October 2018 
WEEE and Battery Waste Note 
In  accordance  with  EU  directive  2012/19/EU  on  Waste  Electrical  and  Electronic  Equipment 
(WEEE)  and  Directive  2006/66/EC  for  waste  batteries,  customers  and  manufacturers  are 
responsible  for  returning  and  recycling  their  old  equipment  and  batteries.  IGEL  now  offers  a 
convenient return service. 
As of August 15, 2005, all IGEL Thin Clients sold bear the WEEE and battery waste seal. All Thin 
Clients  labelled  with  this  sticker  are  taken  back  and  disposed  of  immediately  at  no  charge 
(including the battery). For IGEL customers, this means better service and greater convenience, 
because  IGEL  Technology  handles  the  professional  recycling  of  all  Thin  Clients  (including  the 
lithium battery). 
Report disposal online: Under the heading, “Waste Management WEEE” on the IGEL Homepage 
(www.igel.com) there is an online form that must be filled in for the old IGEL units to be picked 
up.  Such  information  as  the  address,  series  number,  contact  person,  number  of  units  to  be 
removed and the desired disposal date are urgently required for the smooth processing of waste. 
Pickup: Immediately after sending in your data, you will receive from the IGEL Service Center a 
notice of confirmation of receipt. Then an IGEL service employee will contact you to arrange a 
date to pick up the unit. 
IGEL WEEE Number: DE 79295479 / WEE/GE4266QU.   
This  product  contains  no  postconsumer  recycled  plastic  (0  %)  and  no  renewable  /  biobased 
plastic  materials  (0  %).  The  packaging  material  contains  the  following  recycling  content: 
Corrugated cardboards between 33 % and 69 %, plastic bags 0 %. 
RoHS and REACh Note 
This product of IGEL Technology GmbH fulfils the requirements of the EU directive 2011/65/EU 
on  the  Restriction  of  the  Use  of  certain  Hazardous  Substances  in  Electrical  and  Electronic 
Equipment (RoHS). The product is marked accordingly. 
The  EU  Regulation  1907/2006  for  Registration,  Evaluation,  Authorisation  and  restriction  of 
Chemicals (REACh) shall improve the protection of human health and the environment from the 
risks  that  can  be  posed  by  chemicals.  IGEL  fulfils  this  regulation  by  informing  customers  and 
partners about materials on the Candidate List of Substances of Very High Concern (SVHC) in our 
products in a concentration above 0.1 % weight by weight (w/w). 
 
 
Find current information about SVHC materials on our website under   
www.igel.com/terms-conditions

--- Page 11 ---
IGEL Technology GmbH    Hardware Manual IGEL UD7 
 
11/12    Version 1.1 – October 2018 
Ericom PowerTerm 
Terminalemulation 
Lern How to Activate the Ericom PowerTerm 
Terminalemulation of Your IGEL Thin Client 
To use your Ericom PowerTerm Terminalemulation you need a free license key from IGEL. To get 
to  the  activation  form  please  register  yourself  at  our  support  and  ticket  system  here: 
www.igel.com/powerterm. 
After successful registration you have access to free technical support, and to the IGEL Service- 
and Repair-Center as well as to the license activation form. 
To  activate  your  PowerTerm  license  please  fill  out  the  license  activation  form.  Enter  the  total 
number and MAC addresses of the devices to be activated. The following link provides a step-by-
step description on how to use the UMS to extract a list of MAC addresses for a large number of 
devices: www.igel.com/powerterm_mac 
You will receive the required license keys via email from our IGEL service team. Using the Universal 
Management  Suite  (UMS)  you  can  then  remotely  deploy  the  licenses  tothe  devices  in  your 
network.

--- Page 12 ---
IGEL Technology GmbH    Hardware Manual IGEL UD7 
 
12/12    Version 1.1 – October 2018

