Brand: TREKSTOR
Model: Surfbook E11B
URL: https://www.manua.ls/trekstor/surfbook-e11b/manual
Total Pages: 38
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
PRIMEBOOK P13
SURFBOOK E11B
EN  OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS

--- Page 2 ---
1. Welcome  4
2.  Intended use  4
3.  Explanation of Safety Symbols and Keywords  5
4.  General Safety Information  6
5.  Technical speciications  11
Technical speciications of the power adapter  12
6. Content  12
7.  Controls and ports  13
9.  Starting up the Surbook for the irst time  16
Charging the Surbook  16
Switching on the Surbook  16
Unlocking the display  17
10.  Switch out of Windows 10 Home in S mode (optional)  17
11.  Important elements on the start screen  18
12.  Using the keyboard  18
Special keys and function buttons on the keyboard  18
13. Touchpad  19
14.  Info Center  20
15.  Accessing and using the Start menu  20
Accessing the Start menu  20
Layout of the Start menu  20
Navigating/Selecting an item in the Start menu  21
Pinning, organising and removing apps  21
16.  Accessing the settings  23
17.  Connecting the Surbook to the Internet  23
Connecting to a stationary wireless network (WiFi)  23
18.  Launching the Internet browser/Entering an Internet address  24
19.  Downloading applications from the Windows Store  24
CONTENT

--- Page 3 ---
20.  Changing the display language  25
21.  Using the camera  26
22.  Transferring iles between the Surbook and other devices  27
Transferring iles via Bluetooth  27
Transferring iles between the Surbook and  
an external storage device  28
23.  Connecting the Surbook to a television  28
Connecting to a television via HDMI cable  28
Connecting to a television via Miracast  29
24. Reset  30
25.  Switching off/Restarting the Surbook  30
26.  Useful tips on saving energy  30
27. Troubleshooting/FAQ  31
28. Glossary  32
29.  Notes on copyright and trademarks  34
30.  Notes on disposal and recycling  35
Disposal considerations  35
Notes on recycling  35
31.  Notes on the warranty  36
32.  Support information  36

--- Page 4 ---
4
1. Welcome
We hope you enjoy your new Surbook E11B.
The online operating instructions, the enclosed Quick Guide and the additional 
brochure "Product Safety and Legal Information" are direct components of the 
product.
Please read all three documents carefully before you turn on your device. They 
contain important information about device safety, usage and disposal.
Please keep these documents in a safe place and pass them on in full to the new 
owner if the device changes hands.
In order to be able to work with maximum eficiency and safely, as well as to protect 
the device from possible dangers, please familiarize yourself with all operating and 
safety instructions.
These operating instruction describes the basic functions of your Surbook. For 
information on the operation of individual apps, please refer to the instructions 
of the individual apps.
For more interesting and useful tips about Windows 10 visit:
www.microsoft.com/en-gb/windows/emulator
2.  Intended use
The Surbook is a Windows laptop that can be used for suring the Internet, running 
a number of apps (including the Microsoft Ofice Suite), gaming, and streaming and 
viewing music, images, and videos.
1
Never use the device for anything other than its intended purpose. Malfunctions 
may otherwise occur. Intended use includes observing all instructions contained 
in the technical documentation. The manufacturer is not liable for damages 
resulting from improper use or modiication of the device.
Furthermore, the manufacturer shall not be held liable for damage or for loss of 
data or any subsequent damage caused as a result.
The manufacturer shall reserve the right to constantly further develop the 
product. Changes may be made without any direct reference to them in the 
user’s manual. As a result, the information contained in the user’s manual does 
not need to relect the current technical design.
Unauthorized modiications to the device (particularly installing external 
irmware not approved by the manufacturer or modiications to the device 
hardware) will invalidate the warranty.
 Not all of the applications you will need are pre-installed at the factory. You can download those 
apps from the Microsoft Store. Some apps must be purchased.

--- Page 5 ---
5
3.  Explanation of Safety Symbols and Keywords
This booklet uses the following safety symbols and keywords:
 WARNING
Indicates possible danger to life and/or danger of severe, irreversible injuries
 CAUTION
Follow instructions to avoid injuries and material damage
NOTICE
Follow instructions to avoid material damage
i
ADVICE
Additional information about using the device

--- Page 6 ---
6
4.  General Safety Information
 WARNING
Risk of multiple injuries due to reduced physical, sensory, or mental 
capabilities and/or lack of knowledge or practical experience
 ■
Children and vulnerable individuals may only use the device under direct 
supervision.
Risk of suffocation and severe injuries from accessories and packaging 
materials
 ■
Keep accessories and packaging materials out of reach of babies, young 
children, and pets.
 ■
Do not insert accessories and/or parts of the device into oriices such as 
your mouth, ears, or eyes.
Risk of electric shock or electrocution from live components
 ■
Do not insert objects into the device’s ventilation slots. 
 ■
Do not open the power adapter.
 ■
Do not touch the power adapter if your hands are wet. 
 ■
Do not short out the device and/or charger.
Risk of electric shock or electrocution and/or fire hazard from unsafe 
connections
 ■
Make sure the power cord is not bent, crimped, or damaged in any other way.
 ■
Never use the power cord or plug if they are damaged. 
 ■
Only use the included power adapter and only connect it to a suitable 
and professionally installed power outlet. Please read and observe the 
speciications on the power adapter’s label.
 ■
Do not use power outlets if they are loose.
 ■
If the power adapter is defective, contact customer service.
Fire hazard and/or risk of burns from damaged or leaking batteries
 ■
Do not use or charge the device if the battery is damaged or leaking.
 ■
Avoid skin contact with the device and/or battery if the battery is leaking. 
Wear protective gloves if it is not possible to avoid touching the device/
battery in such cases.
 ■
Immediately wash your hands thoroughly in the event of skin contact with 
the battery substrate.
 ■
If the battery substrate comes into contact with your eyes, rinse them out 
with plenty of water and consult a physician immediately.

--- Page 7 ---
7
Risk of hearing loss through the use of headsets, earbuds, or headphones
The device can generate high sound levels when using headsets, earbuds, or 
headphones. This may result in hearing loss if your ears are exposed to high sound 
levels over an extended period of time. The higher you set the volume, the more 
quickly your hearing can be damaged. Hearing loss may occur slowly over time.
 ■
Do not listen to music or other audio iles for an extended period of time at 
high volumes. 
 ■
Lower the volume before connecting your headset, earbuds, or headphones.
 ■
When using headsets, earbuds, or headphones, make sure the acoustic 
emissions do not exceed an A-weighted sound level of 80 dB.
 ■
Always set the volume at the lowest level where you can still clearly hear the 
audio track being played without causing discomfort.
 ■
Do not increase the volume once you have become accustomed to that 
sound level.
 ■
Adjusting the default settings for the equalizer can boost the device’s 
volume levels. 
 ■
Changing the settings of pre-installed software (for example, the operating 
system, irmware, drivers) can also increase volume levels.
Risk of multiple injuries due to reduced attentiveness
 ■
Safety is the top priority while driving. For this reason, it is prohibited to 
use the device while operating a motor vehicle.
 ■
Always be aware of your immediate surroundings to avoid putting yourself 
or others at risk.
 ■
When using a headset, earbuds, or headphones in public, adjust the 
volume so that you can still hear noises or sounds in your surroundings. 
Distractions or being cut off from your surroundings may lead to 
accidents. It is illegal to use headsets, earbuds, or headphones while 
operating a motor vehicle in some regions.
Risk of interference with other electronic devices that transmit high-frequency 
signals
 ■
Switch off the device in safety or security zones where the use of mobile 
devices is prohibited (e.g., when the plane is taking off or landing, in hospitals, 
or near medical equipment). Obey the corresponding signs and warnings and 
strictly observe the instructions contained on them.
 ■
You are allowed to use the device in airplane mode with the permission of the 
light crew once the aircraft has taken off. Please note that use of the device may 
interfere with the plane’s electronic navigation systems.
 ■
Refrain from using the device near other electronic devices.

--- Page 8 ---
8
Risk of multiple injuries and fire/explosion hazard in potentially explosive 
atmospheres
 ■
Operating the device in potentially explosive atmospheres, such as at illing 
stations, on construction sites, or in chemical plants, is prohibited.
 ■
Switch off the device if you are in areas that contain potentially explosive 
materials (e. g., gas, fuel, chemicals, particulate matter, grain, dust, or metal 
powders). Sparks could cause an explosion or ire.
 ■
Obey the corresponding signs and warnings in these areas and strictly observe 
all instructions contained on them.
 CAUTION
Risk of fire or explosion when using non-approved chargers and power 
adapters
 ■
Only use the included power adapter or an equivalent power adapter to 
charge the battery.
 ■
If the power adapter is defective, only exchange it for an equivalent power 
adapter. Please note the information in the technical speciications of the 
power adapter in the online user’s manual or contact customer service.
Risk of multiple injuries from slipping, tripping, or falling
 ■
Do not expose the device and/or power adapter to vibrations and/or any form 
of impact.
 ■
Do not drop the device and/or power adapter. Do not use the device/power 
adapter if it has been dropped and/or is damaged. Have a qualiied service 
technician check the device/power adapter before restarting it.
 ■
Always ensure that the power cord is installed securely.
 ■
Do not allow the power cord to knot or kink.
Risk of adverse effects to health in the case of a known predisposition to 
photosensitivity
 ■
If members of your family have been known to exhibit manifestations of 
photosensitivity (e.g., seizures when using similar devices), it is advisable to 
consult a physician before operating the device.
 ■
Watching videos and/or playing video games with rapid frame rates over 
an extended period of time may trigger a seizure or lead to fainting. Cease 
all use of the device if you are feeling unwell and wait an appropriate 
amount of time before starting to use it again.
 ■
If you are experiencing muscle cramps or feeling disoriented while using 
the device, cease all use of the device immediately and consult a physician.

--- Page 9 ---
9
 ■
To avoid tiring or straining your eyes, please note the following:
 ■
Only use the device indoors under suitable lighting conditions and avoid 
harsh light.
 ■
Hold the device at an appropriate distance from yourself.
 ■
Ensure that the display is clean.
 ■
Adjust the screen’s brightness and/or contrast settings to a level that is 
comfortable for a crisp, clear display.
 ■
Take regular breaks when using the device.
Risk of impairment to the musculoskeletal system and supporting tissue 
from use over longer periods of time
 ■
Repetitive movements (e.g., use of keyboard/touch screen or playing 
games for an extended period of time) may result in pain in the hands, 
arms, shoulders, neck and shoulder region, and in other parts of the body. 
To avoid tiring or straining your musculoskeletal system and supporting 
tissue, please note the following:
 ■
Always assume a relaxed posture when using the device.
 ■
Change your position regularly and take frequent breaks to move 
around.
 ■
Press lightly when typing.
 ■
Take regular breaks.
 ■
If you are experiencing discomfort similar to that indicated above while using the 
device, cease all use of the device immediately and consult a physician.
 ■
Do not rest the device on your lap or other parts of your body when in use. The 
device may heat up, resulting in discomfort or injury (e. g., minor burns).
NOTICE
To avoid potential malfunctions and/or damage to the device caused by 
environmental factors, please note the following:
 ■
The recommended humidity for operating, charging, and storing the device 
is between 30 and 70 percent.
 ■
The recommended ambient temperature for operating, charging, and 
storing the device is between 5° C and 30° C. Temperatures above or 
below this may adversely affect the charging capacity and service life of 
the device and battery and cause damage to the device.
 ■
Protect the device from rapid temperature luctuations. Condensation from 
humidity can damage the device and may result in danger to the user.
 ■
Shield the device from direct sunlight (e. g., in the car) and do not store it near 
a heat source to prevent the display and device from malfunctioning and avoid 
the risk of the battery exploding.

--- Page 10 ---
10
 ■
Keep the device away from open lames such as candles, ireplaces, and 
campires to avoid the risk of the battery exploding.
 ■
Do not expose your device to rain or to dripping or splashing water. 
 ■
Do not use the device outdoors during a storm. 
 ■
Should the device become wet, turn it off immediately. Ensure that the device 
and/or the power adapter are checked by a qualiied person before using it 
again.
 ■
Use the device in a dust-free environment.
 ■
Magnetic ields may cause the device to malfunction and/or the battery to 
discharge.
To prevent possible damage to your device:
 ■
Do not charge your device on standard USB ports such as those found on 
desktop or laptop computers.
 ■
Take care to wind the cord loosely.
 ■
Moisture, dense smoke, and fumes may lead to malfunctions and/or 
damage the device’s housing.
i
  ADVICE
The storage capacity indicated on the packaging and in the technical 
specifications refers to the total storage capacity of your device. The storage 
capacity of your device as indicated by the operating system may differ from the 
specified storage capacity, as a portion of the total storage is also used by the 
operating system and system applications.

--- Page 11 ---
11
5.  Technical specifications
Processor (CPU):  Intel® Celeron N4000 processor*  
  (up to 2.6 GHz, 2MB Intel® Smart-Cache),  
  dual core;  
  Intel® Pentium® Silver N5000 processor* 
  (up to 2.7 GHz, 2MB Intel® Smart-Cache),  
  quad core 
Operating system:  Windows 10 Home in S mode
RAM:  4 GB
Storage capacity:  64 GB
Graphics processing unit (GPU):  Intel® UHD Graphics 600*, 
  Intel® UHD Graphics 605*
Display size:  11.6" (29.5 cm)
Display type: Full-HD-IPS-Display
Screen resolution:  1920 x 1080 pixel
Aspect ratio:  16 : 9
Camera:  Front: 0.3 MP
Speaker: stereo
Microphone:  dual microphone
Interfaces:  M.2 SSD extension, 1 x USB 3.1 Gen 1,  
  1 x USB 2.0, memory card reader, 
  audio out/mic in (3.5mm), Mini-HDMI®
Network:  WiFi, Bluetooth 4.2, Miracast™
Frequencies:   WiFi 802.11 ac/b/g/n: 2.4 GHz/5 GHz
Memory extension:  microSD(HC/XC) up to 256 GB,  
  M.2 SSD (42 mm - B key)
Dimensions (B x H x T):  ca. 289 x 203 x 22.4 mm
Weight:  ca. 1095 g
Material/Colour:   Plastic/Black
Playable video formats:  MPEG-4.10 H.264/AVC (MP@L4.1, HP@L4.0),  
  MPEG-4.2 SP/ASP (z. B. Xvid bis simple@L3)
Video container formats:  AVI, MKV, MOV
Gaming:   3D-Games, G-Sensor Games,  
  Classic Games
Supported picture formats:  JPEG, PNG, GIF, BMP
Playable audio formats:  MP3, WAV, OGG, FLAC, AAC

--- Page 12 ---
12
Battery: Li-Polymer
Battery capacity:  7.6 V/4600 mAh/34.96 Wh
Charge by:  DC IN
Power supply:  Power adapter (100 V – 240 V)
More: Hall-Sensor
Languages:   German, English, Italian, Spanish, French,  
  Dutch; additional languages available via  
  Windows Download
Preinstalled Software:  Ofice 365 Personal (one-year-license)**
Temperatures:  5° C to 30° C
Relative humidity:  30 % to 70 %
* depending on the model
** activation required. Ofice 365 Personal for 12 months included, software is already pre-installed. 
Ofice activation is required within 6 months of Windows activation date. After expiration, the 
license must be renewed for a fee.
Technical specifications of the power adapter
Model: EE-202000E
Input voltage:  100 - 240 V ~ , 50/60 Hz
Input current:  0,5 A max.
Output:  DC 12 V/2000 mA
Standby power consumption:  < 0,30 W
Manufacturer:  Shenzhen Engine Power Co., Ltd.
6. Content
 ■
TREKSTOR SURFBOOK E11B
 ■
Power adapter (100 V - 240 V)
 ■
Cleaning cloth
 ■
Quick start guide
 ■
Product safety and legal information

--- Page 13 ---
13
7.  Controls and ports
Strg
Alt
Alt Gr
Fn
!
1
§
3
³
"
2
²
$
4
%
5
&
6
`
´
^
ß \
?
°
Bild ▲
€
/
7
{
(
8
[
)
9
]
0
=
}
~+
*
#
'
@
Q
A S D F G H J K L
Ö Ä
W E R T Z U I O P
Ü
.
:
-
_
,
;
|
<
>
V B NY X MC
µ
Bild ▼
Ende
Pos1
Entf
EinfgDruck
BA
C
D
E
F
P
L
M
N
O
KI J
Q
H
G
M.2 SSD extension
A) Display    J) Status LED touchpad
B) Camera (front)    K) Dual microphone
C) Charging LED    L) Audio port
D) DC IN    M) USB socket 2.0
E) USB socket 3.1 Gen 1    N) Memory card slot
F) Mini-HDMI® socket    O) On/Off switch
G) M.2 SSD extension    P) Touchpad
     (bottom)    Q) Stereo speaker
H) Status LED on/off         (bottom)
I) Status LED Caps Lock

--- Page 14 ---
14
8.  Insert M.2 SSD MODULE (optional)
Follow the step-by-step instructions shown to insert the SSD into the SSD extension 
slot. Make sure that the computer is switched off before inserting the SSD.
i
  ADVICE
The Surfbook E11B is only compatible with an SSD module with form factor  
M.2 2242 in version B & M key and B key.
Step 1: Unscrew SSD extension slot
Use a screwdriver to loosen the screw in the cover 
of the SSD extension slot. Remove and retain the 
screw.
Step 2: Open SSD extension slot
Open the cover of the SSD extension slot by 
inserting a small lever into the screw opening and 
lifting the cover. Never use sharp or sharp-edged 
tools. Then use your ingers to remove the cover.
A second screw base becomes visible once you 
open the SSD extension slot. Loosen the screw in 
the screw base; remove and retain it.

--- Page 15 ---
15
  Step 3: Insert SSD
Align the SSD before inserting it into the 
extension slot. The semicircular recess of 
the SSD points towards the screw base and 
the gold-coloured contacts of the SSD point 
towards the contacts in the SSD extension slot. 
Insert the SSD slightly diagonally into the SSD 
extension slot.
i
  ADVICE
The SSD can only be inserted in one direction. Depending on the connection type 
that your device features, the SSD may have to be rotated along its longitudinal 
axis to it correctly.
You know the SSD has been inserted correctly if the semicircular recess is 
secured irmly to the screw base. Use the screw removed in step 2 to tighten the 
SSD in the deeper-lying screw base.
Step 4: Seal SSD extension slot
Use the cover to seal the SSD extension slot. Then use the screw removed in 
step 1 to screw together the SSD extension slot.
Start your computer. The control panel will now display the SSD as a new 
storage medium. The SSD is now ready for use.

--- Page 16 ---
16
9.  Starting up the Surfbook for the first time
First unpack your Surbook. Remove all components from the packaging and 
completely remove the packaging material, including the protective ilm. Check 
to ensure that the delivery is complete (see Section 6). If you ind that there are 
missing or damaged components, contact customer service immediately.
Charging the Surfbook
Please fully charge your Surbook before you use it for the irst time.
Connect the DC plug of the included power supply to the socket (DC IN) of the 
Surbook. Then plug the power supply into an electrical outlet.
i
  ADVICE
Only leave the power adapter connected to the power socket until the Surfbook is 
fully charged. Disconnect the power adapter from the socket first and then remove 
the charging cable from your Surfbook.
i
  ADVICE
The maximum battery life is reached after approximately charging cycles.
i
  ADVICE
We recommend charging the Surfbook while it is switched off. This allows you 
to get the maximum charging speed.
Switching on the Surfbook
Press the On/off switch for about 2-3 seconds to switch on the Surbook. The 
charging LED lights up and the device starts up. A coniguration assistant 
appears directly after the tablet has booted up. Follow the coniguration 
assistant instructions to set up your Surbook.
i
  ADVICE
During the setup process, the configuration assistant will prompt you to sign in 
with your Microsoft account. If you do not yet have a Microsoft account, please 
set one up at this point.

--- Page 17 ---
17
Unlocking the display
As soon as the device has been set up (and every time it is subsequently 
switched on and booted up), the lock screen appears. Press any key on the 
keyboard to unlock the screen.
i
  ADVICE
If your Surfbook is password-protected, you must then enter the password.
i
  ADVICE
Alternatively, you can also log into your Surfbook via Windows Hello. To activate 
and set up this feature, select "Settings" → "Accounts" → "Sign-in options"  
→ "Windows Hello".
10.  Switch out of Windows 10 Home in S mode (optional)
i
  ADVICE
Turning off the S mode is a one-time process. If you make the switch, you will 
not be able to return to S mode from Windows 10 Home.
a)  Open the Microsoft Store (see section 19).
b) Enter "Switch out of S Mode" in the search bar.
c)  A window will appear "Switch out s mode".
d)  Click on "More information".
e)  Click on "Install".
f)  If necessary, log in with your Microsoft account (see section 19).
g)  Conirm that you have saved all your iles.
i
  ADVICE
If you have not saved your files, they can be lost.
h)  Windows 10 Home will now run without S mode.

--- Page 18 ---
18
11.  Important elements on the start screen
A)  Task bar
B)  Windows icon: Opens the Start menu
C)  Cortana: Your digital assistant reminds you of pending tasks and 
appointments and gives hints and tips
D)  Task View: Enables the Task View and shows all open programs including 
the "+ New Desktop" button for creating virtual desktops
E)  "e" – Microsoft Edge: Opens the Internet browser
F)  Folder symbol: Opens the ile browser
G)  Windows Store: Opens the Windows Store
H)  Memo symbol: Opens the Action Center
12.  Using the keyboard
Special keys and function buttons on the keyboard
To simplify operation, the keyboard has numerous special keys and function 
buttons for controlling the Surbook.
Fn key (blue)
The blue Fn key is used to enable or operate the additional function buttons 
(blue symbols) on the keyboard.

--- Page 19 ---
19
These additional function keys include the F1 to F12 function keys, the "settings" 
(cogwheel symbol) , "deactivate touchpad", "|", "<" and ">" keys as well as 
the keys for controlling display brightness (sun symbol and "+" or "-"). It also 
includes "Page (high)", "Page (down)", "Home" and "End" for faster navigation.
To enable and use these functions, keep the Fn key pressed as you press the key with 
the required blue symbol.
Function buttons in the top row of buttons
  Lock screen
 Mute 
 E-Mail
 Search
 Project
 Devices
Prt Scr (= Print Screen)
Ins (= Insert)
  Volume -
  Volume +
  Previous track
 Play/Pause
  Next track
  Open browser
  Windows button
Press this button to enter the Start menu. In conjuction with other keys, e. g. 
Windows + E (display My Computer), other control demands can be given.
13. Touchpad
The touchpad performs the functions of a mouse. Move the cursor on the touch 
surface by swiping your inger across the surface in the desired direction.
The keys (invisibly integrated in the lower part of the touchpad) perform the 
same functions as mouse keys:
You use the left key to select functions, programs and iles, position objects and 
conirm commands. The right mouse key calls up the context menu.
You can change the size of some displays (images, Web pages, and so on). Move 
two ingers apart on the touchpad to enlarge the display.
In reverse, move two ingers towards each other on the touchpad to reduce the 
display again.
Similarly, you can move the screen contents either up or down by placing two 
ingers on the touchpad in parallel and swiping either up or down.

--- Page 20 ---
20
14.  Info Center
The Info Center is a bar with quick links to some important Surbook functions, 
which you can either display or hide. To access the Info Center, click the memo 
symbol on the bottom right of the display.
i
  ADVICE
Among other things, the Info Center includes a quick link to what is known as 
T ".  If you tap this function, the Start menu is enlarged in the display.
15.  Accessing and using the Start menu
The Start menu acts as the starting point for all of the important content of 
your Surbook. Below you can read some useful information about the Start 
menu’s basic functions.
Accessing the Start menu
There are two ways to display the Start menu: 
 ■
Click the Windows symbol on the bottom left in the task bar.
 ■
Press the Windows button on the keyboard. 
Tapping/Pressing a second time will hide the Start menu.
Layout of the Start menu
In addition to the straightforward navigation list (A) found in the "classic" Start 
menu of older Windows versions, the Start menu of your Surbook has a useful 
app area (B) to the right of the navigation list.

--- Page 21 ---
21
Here, you can "pin" apps and favourites in the form of live tiles and organise them. 
This gives you quick and easy access to your most frequently used apps and content.
i
 ADVICE
In the navigation list (A) you find a list of all installed apps in alphabetical order. 
An alphabetic quick access to the navigation list appears when you click on a 
respective first letter.
Navigating/Selecting an item in the Start menu
To select an item (app or favourite) from the Start menu or the associated app area, 
click the item or use the keyboard arrow keys to navigate to the required item and 
then press the Enter key on the keyboard.
Pinning, organising and removing apps
You can arrange the items contained in the app area in the form  
of live tiles (apps and favourites) according to your own preferences, pin new items 
or remove those you no longer use. 
Pinning apps
a)  Call up the Start menu as described above.
b)  Scroll with the mouse or use the touchpad to navigate to the desired app 
in the navigation bar in the Start menu.
i
  ADVICE
Alternatively, you can use the keyboard arrow keys.

--- Page 22 ---
22
c)  Now left-click the app you want (or press the left button on the touchpad). 
Keep your inger on the app you want and drag it to the desired position in 
the app area of the Start menu.
Organising and removing apps
To access the edit mode for a particular live tile, right-click the desired tile (or 
press the right button on the touchpad). 
Different edit options ("Resize" and so on) now appear at the corners of the 
tile. 
To remove the live tile from the app area of the Start menu, click the pin symbol 
("Unpin from Start").
i
  ADVICE
This does not completely delete the affected app; it is simply removed from the 
app area of the Start menu.
i
  ADVICE
If you have activated tablet mode (see note in Section 14), all the pinned items 
from the app area of the Start menu will be magnified and distributed across 
the entire screen.

--- Page 23 ---
23
16.  Accessing the settings
  The button for accessing Settings (a cogwheel symbol) can be found in  
  the bottom-left corner of the Start menu.
Alternatively, you can access the settings by opening the Info Center and clicking 
"All settings".
You can also access Settings by using the cogwheel symbol on the keyboard.
17.  Connecting the Surfbook to the Internet
Connecting to a stationary wireless network (WiFi)
a)  Call up the settings (see Section 16).
b)  In Settings, tap "Network & Internet".
c)  Click "Wi-Fi" on the left in the next screen.
d)  Click the slider or the word "Off". The word "ON" now appears next to the 
slider.
e)  The Surbook searches for all available wireless networks nearby and then 
displays them as a list "Show Available Networks".  
f)  Click the network that you wish to connect to.
i
  ADVICE
If you do not want the Surfbook to automatically connect to the selected 
network if available, remove the tick next to "Connect automatically".
g)  Click "Connect". The Surbook connects to the selected network.
Depending on how your router is conigured, you will be prompted to 
authenticate yourself to the network. Generally speaking, a wireless network is 
secured through a WPA network key or a WPS authentication method:
WPA
If a WPA network key was assigned for your router, enter it in the input ield and 
click "Next" to conirm.
WPS
If a WPS authentication method (for example, a PIN) was set up for your router, 
the Surbook shows a different input ield. Enter the PIN in the input ield (or 
follow the selected authentication method). The Surbook now connects to the 
wireless network.

--- Page 24 ---
24
i
  ADVICE
You may be asked whether the Surfbook should search for additional devices in the 
selected network and whether it should automatically connect to these devices (for 
example, printers or television sets). This is recommended in private home networks 
that you can trust. If you connect to a public wireless network, we recommend that 
you decline this option by tapping "Nein". In this way, you protect your private sphere.
You can now surf the Internet as usual using the Internet browser.
i
  ADVICE
To deactivate the WiFi connection, use the tip of your finger to move the slider 
for WiFi from right to left. The word "O" now appears next to the slider.
18.  Launching the Internet browser/Entering an Internet 
address
  The button for launching the Internet browser can be found on the  
  start bar at the bottom of the display. Click the little blue "e" to launch  
  the browser.
i
  ADVICE
The "e" stands for "Edge,", which is the default Internet browser installed in 
Windows 10.
To enter an Internet address (URL), tap the search bar displayed centrally at the 
top of the window.
19.  Downloading applications from the Windows Store 
  The Windows Store is available in the app area of the Start menu and  
  on the task bar. You can identify the Windows Store by its icon, a  
  shopping bag featuring the Windows logo.
The following two requirements must be met in order to access the Windows Store:
1. You must be connected to the Internet.
To connect, please follow the instructions in Section 17.
2. You must have a Microsoft account and be signed in with it on your Surfbook.
Ideally, you will have created a Microsoft account or signed in with your existing 
Microsoft account during the initial setup process when you irst switched on 
your Surbook. In this case, all you have to do is open the Windows Store, select 
the app you require and click "Install".

--- Page 25 ---
25
If you do not yet have a Microsoft account or are not signed in with it, you must 
perform these steps. Open the Windows Store and select the desired app. Click 
the app and then click "Install". An assistant now appears to guide you through 
the process of setting up a Microsoft account.
i
  ADVICE
If you set up a Microsoft account and link it to your Surfbook, the password for 
unlocking the Surfbook changes. From now on, you have to enter the password 
for your Microsoft account to unlock the Surfbook.
20.  Changing the display language
Proceed as follows to change the display language:
a)  Make sure that your Surbook is connected to the Internet (see Section 17).
b)  Call up the settings (see Section 16).
c)  In Settings, tap "Time & language" and then tap "Region & language" on 
the left. You are now in the "Country or region" window.
d)  Now tap "Add a language" in the centre of the screen.
e)  Scroll to and tap the language you require.
f)  Click on "Next".
g)  Select the language features, and then click "Install".
i
  ADVICE 
The Surfbook jumps back to the "Country or Region" window, but now 
displays the selected language in the list of languages below "Add a Language".
i
  ADVICE
The Surfbook now downloads the language pack and installs it. This process can 
take a few minutes.
h)  Wait until the "Will be display language after next sign-in" message 
appears under the selected language in the list.
i)  Restart your Surbook. The selected language now appears in the display.
i
  ADVICE
If the language pack is already installed, select the language under "Windows 
Display Language". Restart your Surfbook. The selected language will now be 
shown in the display.

--- Page 26 ---
26
21.  Using the camera
The Surbook has a webcam on the front. To use the camera, you must irst 
open the app provided:
a)  Call up the Start menu (see Section 15).
b)  Scroll to "C" and tap "Camera".
The camera app opens and appears as a window on the display.
The following functions are now available:
A)  Opens the self-timer and an exposure mode for image capture.
B)  Calls up additional camera settings.
C)  Switch to video mode. In video mode, you are shown a small camera 
symbol which you can select to return to photo mode.
D)  Shutter button: Click this button to take a photo. In video mode, click to 
start recording and click a second time to stop recording.
E)  Opens the gallery with your most recently taken photos. To access the 
most recently created images, click the arrow to the left of the image.
To close the camera app, tap "X" at the top right of the display.

--- Page 27 ---
27
22.  Transferring files between the Surfbook and other devices
Transferring files via Bluetooth
a)  Enable the Bluetooth function on the device you want to connect and 
make the device visible to other devices if necessary. To do so, refer to the 
operating instructions of the device to be connected.
b)  Call up the settings (see Section 16).
c)  In Settings, tap "Devices" and in the following window click "Bluetooth & 
other devices" on the left.
d)  Drag the Bluetooth slider (in the centre of the screen) with from left 
to right. The word "On" appears next to the slider. This activates the 
Surbook Bluetooth function.
e)  Tap "Add Bluetooth or other device" and than choose "Bluetooth".
The Surbook searches for available devices nearby.
f)  Select the device you want to connect from the list of devices available by 
clicking on the name of the device.
g)  The Surbook sends a veriication code to the device to be connected. 
Check that the code displayed on the device to be connected matches the 
code displayed on the Surbook and conirm on the notebook by tapping "Yes".
i
  ADVICE
You may also have to confirm the pairing procedure on the device to be 
connected.
h)  The status message "Paired" appears after successful pairing. Close this 
window by clicking on "Close".
i)  Exit the device settings by closing the window. To do this, click the "x" 
symbol at the top right of the display.
j)  Open the ile browser by clicking the folder symbol on the task bar and go 
to the ile that you would like to send.
k)  Click the right mouse button, the context menu opens.
l)  Click "Send to" on the context menu and then tap "Bluetooth device".  A 
list of all paired Bluetooth devices appears.
m)  Click the required device and conirm with "Next". The notebook now 
sends the selected ile to the required device.
n)  You may have to conirm receipt of the ile on the destination device.

--- Page 28 ---
28
i
  ADVICE
After a successful file transfer, deactivate the Bluetooth function to save 
energy. To deactivate the Bluetooth connection move the slider for Bluetooth 
from right to left. The word "O" now appears next to the slider.
Transferring files between the Surfbook and an external 
storage device
a)   Please connect an external storage device (for example, a USB drive or  
a hard drive) to a USB port on your Surbook. 
b)  After a brief moment, the external storage device is recognised by the 
Surbook and displayed as an available drive under "T PC".
c)  Double-click to open the external storage device. All of the iles stored 
there are now displayed.
d)  If you want to transfer a ile from your Surbook to the external storage 
device, drag and drop to move the ile into the open window. 
e)  Similarly, if you want to transfer a ile from your external storage device to 
the Surbook, drag and drop to move the ile into the target folder or drive.
i
  ADVICE
It is important to safely remove the external storage device from the Surfbook 
after transferring the file(s). Click the upwards pointing arrow in the bottom 
right of the task bar. Select your storage device in the small window that opens, 
and click the prompt for ejecting the device. The following message appears: 
"S R H". You can now disconnect the storage device from 
the Surfbook.
23.  Connecting the Surfbook to a television
You can transfer the image and sound from the Surbook to a suitable television 
via HDMI cable or Miracast.
Connecting to a television via HDMI cable
To connect the Surbook to a suitable television via HDMI, you require an 
appropriate cable (Micro-HDMI to HDMI, available in specialist shops).
Connect the Surbook to the TV using the HDMI cable, and select the correct 
HDMI input as the source (the HDMI input to which the cable is connected). The 
television now shows the display of your Surbook.

--- Page 29 ---
29
Connecting to a television via Miracast
The Miracast technology is a peer-to-peer standard for image transfer. The 
Surbook supports this standard and enables wireless transfer of image and 
sound from the Surbook to a WiFi- and Miracast-enabled television device.
i
  ADVICE
The Surfbook can connect to your television via Miracast only if the television 
also supports Miracast technology. Please check with your television 
manufacturer if necessary.
Proceed as follows to connect your Surbook to a Miracast-enabled television:
a)  First, take all of the necessary steps to prepare your Miracast-enabled 
television for the Miracast transfer (see your television’s operating 
instructions for details).
b)  Call up the settings (see Section 16).
c)  In Settings, tap "D" and in the following window tap "B & 
 " on the left.
d)  Now tap "A B   " in the top and than 
"W   ". The Surbook searches for available devices. 
This process may take a moment. All available devices are then displayed 
in a pop-up window.
e)  Tap the device that you wish to connect to. The two devices now connect 
to each other.
f)  A short time later, the selected device will show the display of the Surbook.

--- Page 30 ---
30
24. Reset
If the Surbook "freezes" and no longer responds, you can reset it. Press and 
hold down the on/off switch for at least 10 seconds until the device switches 
off. Wait for about 20 seconds and then turn the device on normally.
i
  ADVICE
Any files that have not been saved will be lost when the Surfbook is reset.
25.  Switching off/Restarting the Surfbook
Briely press the on/off switch on the device to activate the standby mode. 
Press it again quickly to take the Surbook out of standby mode.
Proceed as follows to restart the Surfbook:
a)  Open the Start menu by clicking the Windows icon on the bottom left of 
the display or by pressing the Windows key on the keyboard.
b)  Click " " in the bottom area of the Start menu and then click "Restart". 
The Surbook shuts down and restarts.
Proceed as follows to shut down and completely switch off the Surfbook:
a)  Open the Start menu by clicking the Windows icon on the bottom left of 
the display or by pressing the Windows key on the keyboard.
b)  Click " " in the bottom area of the Start menu and then tap "Shut down".  
The Surbook shuts down.
26.  Useful tips on saving energy
 ■
Deactivate the WiFi function when it is not in use.
 ■
Only leave the Surbook connected to the socket until the battery is fully 
charged. Always unplug the power adapter from the Surbook if you do 
not load the Surbook.
 ■
Reduce the display brightness in the settings under "S" → "D".  
 ■
Switch to standby mode when the Surbook is not in use or switch it off 
completely.

--- Page 31 ---
31
27. Troubleshooting/FAQ
In the following, you will ind a list of frequently asked questions along with the 
appropriate answers and proposed solutions.
Why is my Surfbook slow to charge?
If you charge the Surbook while it is under a very high load (for example, video 
playback at 100 % display brightness and simultaneous suring, chatting or 
games), the battery will charge very slowly due to the high load. We therefore 
recommend charging the Surbook while it is switched off. This allows you to get 
the maximum charging speed.
When I attempt to start a video recording, I get an error message and 
recording does not start. What can I do?
Please irst install all available updates on your Surbook (see the question 
FAQ "How can I install Windows Updates on my Surbook?"). If you continue 
to receive an error message despite installing the updates, please contact 
customer service.
Why does my Surfbook show less storage space than indicated on the 
packaging?
The storage capacity indicated on the packaging and in the technical 
speciications refers to the total storage capacity of your Surbook. However, 
a portion of the total storage is also used by the operating system and system 
applications.
Why am I getting no sound from my Surfbook?
You may have connected headphones to your Surbook. When headphones are 
connected, the speakers of the Surbook are automatically disabled. Disconnect the 
headphones from the Surbook in order to activate the speakers again. If there is still 
no sound from the speakers, check whether the sound on the Surbook is switched on 
and whether the volume is set high enough.
Why does my Surfbook just switch off sometimes?
If the energy level of the battery falls below a critical level, the Surbook displays 
a corresponding warning. If you ignore these warnings, the Surbook is put into 
sleep mode at a charge level of 5 per cent in order to counteract total discharge 
of the battery. Total discharge can lead to a situation where it is no longer 
possible to charge the Surbook. For this reason, connect the tablet to the 
charger at this point at the latest in order to prevent data loss and damage to 
the battery.

--- Page 32 ---
32
My Surfbook won’t switch on. What can I do?
The battery may not be suficiently charged to allow the Surbook to switch on. 
Connect the Surbook to the charger (see Section 9) to recharge the battery.
How can I install Windows Updates on my Surfbook?
Your Surbook checks for new updates daily (an Internet connection must be 
available) and displays an appropriate message in the Action Center when 
new updates are available. To ensure your Surbook is always up-to-date, it is 
therefore extremely important to connect the Surbook regularly to the Internet 
(see Section 17). If you selected the "Express settings" option in the start 
assistant when you switched on for the irst time, the Surbook  automatically 
performs available updates when you shutdown (download and installation). 
You can change this setting at a later point in time. To do this, call up the settings 
(see Section 16) and select the method used to install updates under "Update & 
security" →"Windows Update" → "Advanced options"
What can I do if the internal storage of my Surfbook is full or almost full?
To relieve the pressure on the internal storage of your Surbook and free up 
storage space, you can transfer media iles stored on the Surbook (for example, 
images, videos or text iles) to an external storage device (for example, a USB 
stick or suitable memory card) or you can delete apps that you no longer require.
28. Glossary
Apps/Applications
An app (abbreviation of the word "application") or application is a program 
that you can download from the Windows Store, for example, and install on 
your Surbook. Games, programs for playing back images and music iles, word 
processing programs and a lot more are available.
Audio Out/Mic In
This description of the audio port on your Surbook indicates that you can 
connect simple headphones or earphones (audio signal out) to the port as well 
as a headset with microphone (audio/microphone signal in).
Bluetooth®
Bluetooth is a standardised wireless interface on your Surbook that enables a 
wireless exchange of data between your Surbook and other suitable peripheral 
devices.

--- Page 33 ---
33
HDMI®
HDMI stands for "High Deinition Multimedia Interface" and is a cable-based 
interface for digital image and sound transmission to connected HDMI-ready 
peripheral devices. Using a suitable HDMI cable, you can, for example, play the 
videos stored on your Surbook on an HDMI-ready television without having to 
irst save the videos on your television.
Microsoft account
"Microsoft account" is the new name for the previous "Windows Live ID". Your 
Microsoft account consists of an e-mail address and a password that you 
need to sign into services such as Outlook.com, OneDrive, Windows Phone 
or Xbox Live. If you use an e-mail address and password to sign into these or 
other services, this means that you already have a Microsoft account. You can, 
however, register for a new account at any time.
Scrolling
Scrolling refers to the act of moving the screen contents either horizontally or 
vertically. You can scroll by using the scroll bar or by using the scroll wheel on the 
mouse.
Task bar
The task bar is the horizontal bar found at the bottom of your Surbook. Unlike 
your desktop, which can be covered by opened windows, the task bar is almost 
always visible. The task bar therefore provides you with constant access to the 
important functions and settings of your Surbook plus an overview of all the 
windows you have open.
USB
USB stands for "Universal Serial Bus" and is the name of a cable-based interface 
on your Surbook. It is used to connect peripheral devices and exchange data 
between your Surbook and external devices such as a USB stick. 
Windows Store
The Windows Store is an online store offered by Microsoft with lots of useful 
and interesting apps that you can download to your Surbook. See the 
"Downloading applications from the Windows Store" section for information on 
how to download apps from the Windows Store. Please note that you need to 
pay for some apps (paid apps are clearly labelled as such in the Windows Store).

--- Page 34 ---
34
29.  Notes on copyright and trademarks
Copyright law prohibits the copying of the content of this document 
(illustrations, reference documents etc.), as a whole or in part, without the 
permission of the copyright holder.
The Bluetooth word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by 
Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and any use of such marks by TREKSTOR GmbH is under 
license. Other trademarks and trade names are those of their respective owners.
HDMI, the HDMI Logo and High-Deinition Multimedia Interface are trademarks 
or registered trademarks of HDMI Licensing LLC.
Intel, Intel Celeron/Pentium and the Intel Inside logo are trademarks of Intel 
Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries.
Microsoft, Windows and Windows 10 are either registered trademarks 
or trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other 
countries.
TREKSTOR is a registered trademark of TREKSTOR Ltd. in the European 
Community and other countries. Copyright © 2018 TREKSTOR GmbH. All rights 
reserved. Some product or company names mentioned elsewhere may be brand 
names or trade names of the respective proprietor.

--- Page 35 ---
35
30. Notes on disposal and recycling
Disposal considerations
v
This symbol on the device and in the accompanying documentation 
indicates that the device must be disposed of separately from normal 
household waste. This device (and the battery it uses) contain valuable 
raw materials such as rare earths and precious metals as well as 
components that are harmful to the environment and/or human health if 
not disposed of properly. By properly disposing of used appliances and 
batteries, you are making a vital contribution to conserving resources, 
minimizing pollution, and protecting the environment as best as possible. 
Under European law you are required as a consumer to dispose of electronic 
waste and used batteries/appliances separately. As per national laws and 
provisions and/or EU Directives 2002/96/EC and 2006/66/EC, electronic waste 
and used batteries must be taken to the appropriate collection centers. 
In EU member states, you can dispose of electrical or electronic equipment 
free of charge at special collection points near you. For more information, 
please contact your local authority or local authority. In some member states the 
retailer is obliged to take back the old equipment free of charge when buying new 
equipment. For further information, please contact your dealer.
Please note: Improper disposal of used appliances and batteries is a criminal 
offense in certain countries.
Notes on recycling
s
t
Your device and its sales packaging consist of valuable raw materials, 
which must be recycled in the interest of environmental protection. 
Contact your city or municipal authority for information on the correct 
method of disposal. 
Information on disposal in non-EU countries 
These symbols only apply in the European Union. Information on proper disposal of 
these devices is available from your local competent authority or from the retailer.

--- Page 36 ---
36
31.  Notes on the warranty
TREKSTOR GmbH grants a manufacturer's warranty to the buyer of a TREKSTOR 
GmbH product bought and used in Germany, but not to a second buyer. This is 
in addition to the statutory rights to which the buyer is entitled from the seller 
and does not restrict those rights. This includes common defects caused by the 
production process. The validity period of the manufacturer's warranty is 12 
months, except in the case of batteries where it is six months. It starts from the 
date of the purchase invoice from the specialist dealer. In the event of a warranty 
claim, the buyer has the right to rectiication. The manufacturer's guarantee does 
not apply to: accessories, parts subject to normal wear and tear, and products that 
are to be leased or rented commercially to a large number of people. Improper use 
or maintenance of the product, or use for a purpose for which it was not intended, 
e.g. by independent and unauthorized modiications to the product (in particular 
by installing third-party irmware that was not approved by TREKSTOR GmbH or 
modiications to the hardware of the product), can lead to the loss of the warranty. 
Further information on the warranty conditions and how to make a claim in the 
event of a case covered by the warranty can be found at:  
http://www.trekstor.de/servicebedbedingungen.html
32.  Support information
If you have questions about your product or problems, please proceed as 
follows:
 ■
Carefully read the operating instructions. 
 ■
Take a look at our FAQ section of our website, where you will ind answers 
to the most frequently asked questions about your product.
 ■
Check whether you have entered the correct settings on your device using 
the product features and functions as points of reference.
 ■
Consult the respective product detail page for up-to-date information 
(such as newly available irmware updates) on your product.
If you have taken these measures and the problem persists, please contact our 
service team directly. 
Our professional service employees will discuss all of the additional necessary 
steps with you and provide individual support to help you quickly and easily 
continue to address your concern.
Directly contacting us, the manufacturer, via our service hotline or by illing out 
our service form allows us to address your concern more quickly and allows you 
to beneit from high-quality consulting and support. 
You can find out how to reach our service team here:
www.trekstor.de/support

--- Page 37 ---
37
The manufacturer hereby conirms that the Surbook E11B device complies with 
the requirements and other relevant provisions of Directive 2014/53/EU.
You can request the complete declaration of conformity by telephone or email 
on our support website: www.trekstor.de/support
Frequency range
BT/BT LE:   2402 - 2480 MHz
WiFi:     2412 - 2472 MHz,
  5150-5725 MHz
RF Output Power max.
BT/BT LE:   2.82 dBm (2402 - 2480 MHz)
WiFi:    16.1 dBm (2412 - 2472 MHz),
    9,72 dBm (5150 - 5725 MHz)
WiFi 5GHz:
Operations in the 5.15-5.35 GHz band are restricted to indoor usage only.

--- Page 38 ---
BA-SBE11B-V1-20-EN-200329
TREKSTOR GmbH
Berliner Ring 7
64625 Bensheim, Germany
www.trekstor.de

