Brand: ELO
Model: E588755
URL: https://www.manua.ls/elo/e588755/manual
Total Pages: 40
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---
USER MANUAL 
Elo Touch Solutions   
3200L 32” Interactive Digital Signage Touchmonitor 
4200L 42” Interactive Digital Signage Touchmonitor 
4600L 46” Interactive Digital Signage Touchmonitor 
5500L 55” Interactive Digital Signage Touchmonitor 
Interactive Digital Signage Computer Module 
 
SW601176 Rev F

--- Page 2 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 2 of 40
 
Copyright © 2012 Elo Touch Solutions, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
No part of this publication may be reproduced, transmitted, transcribed, stored in a retrieval system, or translated 
into any language or computer language, in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, 
magnetic, optical, chemical, manual, or otherwise without prior written permission of Elo Touch Solutions, Inc. 
 
Disclaimer 
The information in this document is subject to change without notice. Elo Touch Solutions, Inc. and its affiliates 
(collectively "Elo") makes no representations or warranties with respect to the contents herein, and specifically 
disclaims any implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Elo reserves the right to 
revise this publication and to make changes from time to time in the content hereof without obligation of Elo to 
notify any person of such revisions or changes. 
 
Trademark Acknowledgments 
AccuTouch, CarrollTouch, Elo (logo), Elo Touch Solutions, Elo TouchSystems, IntelliTouch, iTouch are trademarks of 
Elo and its Affiliates. Windows is a trademark of Microsoft Corporation.

--- Page 3 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 3 of 40
 
Table of Contents 
 
Chapter 1 - Introduction ........................................................................... 4 
 
Chapter 2 – Unpacking.............................................................................. 5 
 
Chapter 3 – Touchmonitor Installation................................................ 7 
 
Chapter 4 – Computer Module Installation ........................................ 11 
 
Chapter 5 – Mounting................................................................................ 18 
 
Chapter 6 – Operation............................................................................... 20 
 
Chapter 7 – Technical Support............................................................... 26 
 
Chapter 8 – Safety & Maintenance........................................................ 28 
 
Chapter 9 – Regulatory Information  ................................................... 36 
 
Chapter 10 – Warranty  ............................................................................. 38

--- Page 4 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 4 of 40
 
Chapter 1 - Introduction 
 
Product Description 
Your new Interactive Digital Signage Touchmonitor combines Elo Touch Solutions reliable 
performance with the latest developments in touchscreen technology and display design. This 
combination of features creates a natural flow of information between a user and the 
touchmonitor. 
 
This touchmonitor incorporates a 24-bit color, active matrix thin-film-transistor, digital signage 
LCD panel to provide superior display performance. Its Full HD resolution of 1920x1080 is 
suitable for displaying graphics and images (the 32” model’s resolution is 1366x768). Other 
features that enhance this LCD monitor’s performance are Plug & Play compatibility, built-in 
speakers and headphone output capability, on screen display (OSD) controls, and a family of 
Digital Signage Computer Modules. 
 
The Computer Modules are designed to slide into a bay on the rear of the monitor, without any 
effect on the monitor’s form factor or requiring any extra cabling, turning your Interactive Digital 
Signage TouchMonitor into an Interactive Digital Signage All-In-One TouchComputer. 
 
Precautions 
Follow all warnings, precautions and maintenance as recommended in this user’s manual to 
maximize the life of your unit and prevent risks to user safety. See Chapter 8 for more 
information on touchmonitor safety. 
 
For your health and safety, it is strongly recommended that at least two people handle, lift, or 
move these touchmonitors.    Handles are provided on the unit’s back for easier handling. 
 
This manual contains information that is important for the proper setup and maintenance of the 
Interactive Digital Signage Touchmonitor and optional Computer Module. Before setting up and 
powering on your new touchmonitor and computer module, read through this manual, 
especially the Installation, Mounting, and Operation chapters.

--- Page 5 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 5 of 40
 
Chapter 2 – Unpacking 
 
Unpacking the Touchmonitor 
To unpack the touchmonitor, follow these steps: 
1. The carton should be oriented in the manner according to its labeling.    The hinged plastic 
locks should be at the ‘bottom’. 
2. Open and remove all 4 hinged plastic locks. 
 
3. Once the locks are removed, lift the carton’s top lid off the bottom frame. 
 
4. With the top lid removed, you now have access to the touchmonitor and the included 
accessories.

--- Page 6 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 6 of 40
 
Note: For your health and safety, it is strongly recommended that at 
least two people handle, lift, or move these touchmonitors. Handles are 
provided on the unit’s back for easier handling. 
 
Check that the following items are present and in good condition: 
• Touchmonitor 
• CDs 
o TouchTools 
o User Manuals 
• Quick Install Guide 
• Cables 
o  HDMI, VGA, USB, null modem serial, audio, North America power, Europe/Korea power, 
U.K. power, Argentina power, Taiwan power, China power, Korea power, Japan power, & 
Japan 3pin-2pin adapter 
• Screws to secure cable covers 
 
Unpacking The Digital Signage Computer Module 
Open the box. 
Check that the following items are present and in good condition: 
• Digital  Signage  Computer Module 
• Quick Install Guide 
• (If Applicable) Windows Recovery Discs

--- Page 7 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 7 of 40
 
Chapter 3 - Touchmonitor Installation 
Connector Panel & Interfaces 
Remove the cable cover on the bottom rear (when viewed in landscape orientation) to access 
the touchmonitor’s connector panel.

--- Page 8 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 8 of 40
 
3200L    4200L / 4600L / 5500L 
 
 
 
 
Touchmonitor Connections 
1. Connect the HDMI and/or VGA video cables between the monitor’s HDMI/VGA input 
connectors and your HDMI/VGA video source, respectively.    Tighten the VGA cable’s screws 
for best EMI performance and strain relief. 
2. Connect the USB touch cable between the monitor’s USB connector and the PC’s USB port. 
3. Connect the audio cable between the monitor’s Audio In jack and your audio source. 
4. Select the correct power cable for your region.    Connect it between the AC power source 
and the touchmonitor’s POWER IN connector. 
5. Replace the cable cover, if desired. 
6. The touchmonitor ships in an OFF state.    Press the power button to turn it on.

--- Page 9 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 9 of 40
 
Installing the APR or IntelliTouch Touchscreen Technology 
Software Drivers 
 
Some software installation is required for your IntelliTouch touchmonitor to work with your 
computer. 
 
Note: no software installation is required for optical touch touchmonitors. 
 
The drivers for the Windows 7, XP, Vista, WePOS, and 32-bit Server 2003 operating systems 
are provided with your touchmonitor on a CD. 
 
Visit the Elo Touch Solutions website www.elotouch.com for: 
•  The most up-to-date touch driver versions 
•  Additional touch driver information 
•  Detailed touch driver installation guides 
•  Touch drivers for other operating systems 
 
Insert the Elo TouchTools CD into your computer’s CD-ROM drive. The CD should 
automatically run the Elo TouchTools application. Select “Install Driver for This computer”:

--- Page 10 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 10 of 40
 
Install both the “USB Touchscreen Drivers” and “APR Touchscreen Driver” when prompted: 
 
Screenshot for Windows XP, Vista, Server 2003, Server 2008, and WEPOS installations: 
 
 
Screenshot for Windows 7 installations: 
 
 
After accepting the end-user license agreement, the drivers will finish installing. 
Reboot your computer after the install is complete.

--- Page 11 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 11 of 40
 
Chapter 4 
Computer Module Installation 
 
Installation 
 
Note: 
Disconnect AC power from the touchmonitor before installing the 
Computer Module.    Installing the Computer Module while AC power is 
connected to the touchmonitor will damage the Computer Module. 
 
1. Disconnect AC power from the touchmonitor. 
 
2. Remove the cable cover on the side of the touchmonitor (when viewed in landscape 
orientation) to access the Computer Module bay.

--- Page 12 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 12 of 40
 
3. Use a Phillips head screwdriver to remove the Computer Module bay’s protective plate. 
 
4. Clear the Computer Module’s docking connector of any debris that may have 
accumulated during shipment, if necessary. 
 
5. Slide the Computer Module all the way into the bay until it snaps into place

--- Page 13 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 13 of 40
 
 
6. Replace the protective plate and tighten its thumb screws in order to mechanically 
secure the computer module. 
 
Connector Panel & Interfaces 
 
 
 
Touchmonitor & Computer Module Connections 
1. Once the Computer Module has been installed, connect the AC power cable between 
the touchmonitor’s POWER IN connector and the AC power source. 
2. Make any desired connections to the Computer Module connector panel. 
3. Press and hold the touchmonitor’s power button for 4 seconds to turn on the Computer 
Module. 
 
Note: 
Once the Elo Computer Module is installed in the touchmonitor, the 
touchmonitor’s VGA & HDMI video and USB touch functions are 
disabled.    All of the touchmonitor’s video and touch functionality is 
handled through the Computer Module docking connection.

--- Page 14 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 14 of 40
 
Operating System Setup 
Windows
®
 7, Windows
®
 XP Operating Systems 
 
The initial setup of the operating system takes approximately 5 minutes.  Additional time might 
be needed for different touchcomputer hardware and operating system configurations.  You 
will need to plug in an external mouse and/or keyboard into the Computer Module connector 
panel to execute these steps. 
 
To set up the Windows 7 or XP OS for the Computer Module, turn on the touchcomputer and 
follow the instructions on the screen. 
 
Selecting the Language 
Windows uses English as the default language in menus and dialog boxes.    You can change 
this language to suit your preference.

--- Page 15 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 15 of 40
 
Click Customize.    The “Regional and Language Options” window appears.  Select the 
Languages tab. If required, check the boxes for “Install files for complex script and right-to-left 
languages” and “Install files for East Asian languages.” 
 
 
Select the “Regional Options” tab.    Select your preferred language from the drop-down list in 
the Standards and Formats pane.

--- Page 16 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 16 of 40
 
Select your location from the drop-down list in the Locations pane.    Click Apply, and then OK. 
 
 
Choosing the computer name (Windows 7 setup only) 
You will be prompted to enter the computer’s name. 
 
Choosing the Windows Update settings (Windows 7 setup only) 
You will be prompted to select the Windows Update settings. 
 
Selecting the Time Zone 
When the following window appears, you can change the Computer Module’s time zone, date, 
and time.    After making any changes, click Next to finish.    Windows Setup completes the OS 
installation.

--- Page 17 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 17 of 40
 
Installing the Touchscreen Technology Software Drivers 
for Elo Computer Modules with Windows XP 
Visit the Elo Touch Solutions website www.elotouch.com for: 
•  The latest touch driver versions 
•  Additional touch driver information 
•  Detailed touch driver installation guides 
•  Touch drivers for other operating systems 
 
No installation needed; the Computer Module comes with all required drivers for APR and 
IntelliTouch technologies. 
 
Installing the Touchscreen Technology Software Drivers 
for Elo Computer Modules with Windows 7 
Visit the Elo Touch Solutions website www.elotouch.com for: 
•  The latest touch driver versions 
•  Additional touch driver information 
•  Detailed touch driver installation guides 
•  Touch drivers for other operating systems 
 
For APR and IntelliTouch monitors no installation is required; the Computer Module comes with 
all required drivers. 
 
For IntelliTouch Plus monitors, further installation is required.    Download and install the 
Windows 7 multi-touch driver from the Elo Touch Solutions website www.elotouch.com 
 
Operating System Setup – No OS 
Load your desired operating system onto the Computer Module.    The easiest way to do this 
will probably be using an image or recovery disk on a USB external DVD-ROM drive connected 
to the Computer Module. 
 
Cancel any attempts by your operating system to load drivers for the new USB device (the Elo 
touchscreen) it finds. 
 
Installing the Touchscreen Technology Software Drivers 
for Elo Computer Modules with No OS 
Visit the Elo Touch Solutions website www.elotouch.com for: 
•  The latest versions of our touch drivers 
•  Additional touch driver information 
•  Detailed touch driver installation guides 
•  Touch drivers for other operating systems 
 
Download and install the required touch driver from the Elo Touch Solutions website 
www.elotouch.com.    Refer to instructions in Chapter 3.

--- Page 18 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 18 of 40
 
Chapter 5 – Mounting 
 
Note: For your health and safety, it is strongly recommended that at 
least two people handle, lift, or move these touchmonitors.    Two 
handles are provided on the unit’s back for easier handling. 
 
Note: When laying the display face-down (for attaching mounting 
brackets or stands), protect the glass on the face from scratching and 
damage.    Lay the display on a non-abrasive surface, or first protect 
the display face with film or foam. 
 
General Mounting Information 
 
Two mounting orientations are supported with limited range of tilt: Landscape and Portrait. 
 
3200L / 4200L / 4600L:

--- Page 19 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 19 of 40
 
5500L: 
 
 
Rear VESA Mount 
 
For the 32” model: 
A four-hole, 400x200mm mounting pattern is provided on the rear of the monitor. 
The VESA FDMI-compliant mounting is coded: VESA MIS-F, 400X200, Y, 6, 90 
 
For the 42”, 46”, and 55” models: 
An eight-hole, 600x400mm mounting pattern is provided on the rear of the monitor. 
The VESA FDMI-compliant mounting is coded: VESA MIS-F, 600X400, Y, 6, 90 
 
Refer to www.elotouch.com for dimensional drawings.

--- Page 20 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 20 of 40
 
Optional Stand 
 
To install the optional stand: 
Lay the monitor face-down on a table with the bottom edge flush to the edge of the table. 
 
Mount the two “feet” from the optional stand using all of the provided screws. 
 
3200L  4200L / 4600L / 5500L

--- Page 21 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 21 of 40
 
Chapter 6 – Operation 
Power 
 
To turn the touchmonitor on or off, press the touchmonitor power button once. 
 
To power on the Computer Module, press the touchmonitor power button once. 
To power off the Computer Module and touchmonitor, press and hold the touchmonitor power 
button for 4 seconds, or follow the Computer Module’s operating system’s normal power off 
procedure. 
 
A Power Status LED is provided that functions according to the following table: 
Touchmonitor/Computer Module status  LED status 
OFF OFF 
SLEEP BLINKING 
ON ON 
 
The system consumes low power when in SLEEP and OFF modes.    For detailed power 
consumption specifications, refer to technical specifications on the Elo website 
www.elotouch.com. 
 
Touching the screen will bring the system out of SLEEP mode (similar to moving the mouse or 
pressing a keyboard key). 
 
To improve reliability and reduce wasteful power consumption, disconnect the AC power cable 
when long periods of disuse are planned. 
 
APR Touchscreen Technology 
Multiple touchmonitor functionality is not supported for these APR touchmonitors. 
 
For full APR touch functionality, the input video image should be fully scaled to the display’s 
native resolution. 
 
Your APR touchmonitor is factory-calibrated and will never need manual calibration.

--- Page 22 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 22 of 40
 
The APR performance can be customized to better suit your application.  Access the “Set APR 
Preference” window from the Mode tab of the Elo APR driver control panel: 
 
 
Select the usage type best suited for your application, then press Apply. 
General: No particular optimization (default) 
Best Signature: APR performance optimized for signature capture applications 
Point of Sale: APR performance optimized for Point-of-Sale applications 
Gaming: APR performance optimized for gaming applications

--- Page 23 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 23 of 40
 
IntelliTouch Touchscreen Technology 
The IntelliTouch touchscreen can be re-calibrated to your displayed video image, if needed, 
through the Calibration function in the Elo driver control panel. 
 
Optical Touchscreen Technology 
When connected to Windows 7 computers, the touchmonitor can report 4 simultaneous 
touches. 
When connected to Windows XP computers, the touchmonitor reports single touches. 
 
No additional drivers are required for this technology to work, it uses Windows HID drivers. 
No calibration is required for this technology. 
 
Video 
 
An LCD panel’s native resolution is its width and height measured in number of pixels. 
 
In almost all cases, an image displayed on an LCD monitor will look best when your computer’s 
output resolution matches the LCD panel’s native resolution. See the display specifications on 
the Elo website www.elotouch.com to find your touchmonitor’s native resolution. Operating in 
other resolutions will degrade video performance. 
 
For computer output resolutions at non-native resolutions, the monitor will scale the video to its 
panel’s native resolution.    For smaller input video resolutions, this involves “stretching” the 
input image in the X- and Y-dimensions to fit the panel.    For larger input video resolutions, this 
involves “compressing” the input image in the X- and Y-dimensions to fit the panel.    An 
unavoidable byproduct of the scaling algorithms is a loss of fidelity when the computer’s output 
video image is scaled by the monitor to fit the display.    This loss of fidelity is most apparent 
when viewing feature-rich images at close distances (for example images containing small-font 
text). 
 
For full APR touch functionality, the input video image should be fully scaled to the display’s 
native resolution. 
 
Your touchmonitor will likely not require video adjustments.    However, for analog VGA video, 
variations in video graphic card outputs may require touchmonitor adjustments through the 
OSD to optimize the quality of the touchmonitor’s displayed image.    Also, to reduce the need 
for adjustments for different video mode timings, the monitor correctly scales and displays some 
of the video industry’s most common video timing modes.

--- Page 24 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 24 of 40
 
On-Screen Display (OSD) 
 
Four OSD buttons are provided on the rear of the monitor to adjust various display parameters.   
The same buttons are provided on an optional OSD Control Box which can plug into the PS/2 
connector on the touchmonitor connector panel. 
 
 
The buttons and their functionality are: 
Button  Function when OSD is not displayed:  Function when OSD is displayed: 
Menu  Display OSD main menu  Return to previous OSD menu 
 
Display OSD Color/Luminance submenu 
Increase value of selected parameter / 
select previous menu item 
 
Display OSD Audio submenu 
Decrease value of selected parameter / 
select next menu item 
Select  Display Video Source submenu 
Select parameter for adjustment / 
select submenu to enter 
 
Using the OSD buttons controls an on-screen graphical user interface which displays on top of 
your input video, allowing intuitive adjustment of the following display parameters: 
 
Parameter  Available Adjustment 
Brightness 
Increase/decrease monitor brightness. 
Default: maximum 
Contrast 
Increase/decrease monitor contrast. 
Clock 
Allows fine adjustments of the panel’s pixel dot clock. 
Not applicable when using HDMI video or the Computer Module. 
Adjusting too far will adversely affect APR functionality. 
Phase 
Allows fine adjustments of the panel’s pixel dot clock phase. 
Not applicable when using HDMI video or the Computer Module. 
Adjusting too far will adversely affect APR functionality. 
Auto Adjust 
Automatically adjusts the system clock to the input analog VGA video signal, affecting 
the H-position, V-position, Clock, and Phase menu items. 
Not applicable when using HDMI video or the Computer Module. 
Adjusting too far will adversely affect APR functionality. 
H-position 
Moves the image horizontally on the display in single-pixel increments. 
Default: centered. 
Not applicable when using HDMI video or the Computer Module. 
Adjusting too far will adversely affect APR functionality. 
V-position 
Moves the image vertically on the display in single-pixel increments. 
Default: centered. 
Not applicable when using HDMI video or the Computer Module. 
Adjusting too far will adversely affect APR functionality.

--- Page 25 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 25 of 40
 
Maintain 
Aspect Ratio 
Switches the scaling method between Full Scaling and Maintain Aspect Ratio. 
Default: Full Scaling 
 
Full Scaling – scales the X- and Y-dimensions of the input video (up or down as 
needed) to the display’s native resolution. 
Maintain Aspect Ratio – Assuming a landscape orientation and an input video with 
aspect ratio smaller than 16:9, scales the Y-dimension of the input video (up or down 
as needed) to the display’s Y-resolution, and scales the X-dimension to maintain the 
input video’s aspect ratio (and fills the rest of the display with equal black bars on the 
left and right). 
Note: For full APR touch functionality, keep this setting on “Full Scaling”. 
Sharpness 
Adjusts sharpness of the displayed images. 
Default: no sharpness adjustment 
Color 
Temperature 
Selects the display’s color temperature.    The available color temperatures are 
9300K, 7500K, 6500K, 5500K, and User Defined.    If the User Defined option is 
selected, the user can change the color temperature by changing individual R, G, and 
B gains on a scale from 0 to 100. 
Default: User Defined with R, G, and B all set to 100. 
OSD Timeout 
Adjusts how long a period of OSD button inactivity the touchmonitor will wait before 
closing the OSD.    The adjustable range is between 5 and 60 seconds. 
Default: 15 seconds 
OSD 
Language 
Selects which language the OSD information is displayed in.    The available 
languages are: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Simplified Chinese, 
Traditional Chinese, and Japanese. 
Default: English. 
Mounting 
Adjusts the rotation of the OSD text to match the physical mounting orientation. 
Default: Landscape 
OSD 
H-Position 
Moves the OSD location left and right on the display. 
Default: 50 (centered) 
OSD 
V-position 
Moves the OSD location up and down on the display. 
Default: 50 (centered) 
Volume 
Adjusts the volume of the internal speakers and headphone output. 
Mute 
Toggles the audio output between Muted and Not Muted. 
Default: Not Muted 
Information 
Displays basic monitor part number and serial number information.    Nothing is 
adjustable in this menu. 
Recall 
Defaults 
Selecting “Recall Defaults” restores all factory default settings for OSD-adjustable 
parameters (except OSD Language and OSD Position) and for Preset Video Mode 
timings.

--- Page 26 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 26 of 40
 
Video Source 
The monitor continually scans for active video from VGA, HDMI, and the Computer 
Module.    This adjustment selects which of those input ports should be given priority 
to be displayed. 
 
If there is no Computer Module plugged in, the options are: VGA Priority, HDMI 
Priority 
Default: HDMI Priority 
 
When a Computer Module is plugged in, Computer Module HDMI is the only 
displayable video source, and this adjustment is not available. 
Audio Source 
Selects which audio source is heard over the monitor’s speakers or headphone 
output. 
 
If there is no Computer Module plugged in, and the video source is HDMI, the options 
are: Line In and HDMI.   
Default: Line In. 
 
If there is no Computer Module plugged in, and the video source is VGA, the only 
option is Line In. 
 
If a Computer Module is plugged in (and therefore the input video is Computer Module 
HDMI), the options are: Elo Computer Module HDMI, Elo Computer Module Line In, 
and Line In. 
Default: Elo Computer Module HDMI. 
ECM MDC 
For situations in which multiple IDS+ECM Computer Module systems are 
daisy-chained for MDC functionality, this option selects whether the system is the 
master or one of the slaves of the daisy-chain. 
 
The options are: Master, Slave 
Default: Master 
 
Note: This option only available when the ECM Computer Module is plugged in. 
 
All touchmonitor adjustments made through the OSD are automatically memorized as soon as 
they are entered.    This feature saves you from having to reset your choices every time the 
touchmonitor is unplugged or powered off and on.    If there is a power failure, the touchmonitor 
settings will not default to the factory specifications.

--- Page 27 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 27 of 40
 
OSD and Power Lockouts 
 
Press and hold the “Menu” and “Up” buttons for two seconds to enable/disable the OSD 
Locking feature.    When the OSD Locking is enabled, pressing any of the Menu, Up, Down, or 
Select keys will have no effect on the system. 
 
Press and hold the “Menu” and “Down” buttons for two seconds to enable/disable the Power 
Locking feature.    When the Power Locking is enabled, pressing the power switch will have no 
effect on the system. 
 
 
Audio 
 
Audio from the touchmonitor Line In, touchmonitor HDMI, Computer Module Line In, or 
Computer Module HDMI ports can be played over the touchmonitor’s internal speakers.    See 
the “Audio Source” OSD parameter for details.    When headphones are plugged into the 
headphone output jack, the internal speakers turn off and audio is played over the headphones. 
 
Volume and muting of the speaker and headphone outputs can be controlled by the OSD.

--- Page 28 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 28 of 40
 
Chapter 7 – Technical Support 
 
If you are experiencing trouble with your touchmonitor, refer to the following suggestions. 
If the problem persists, please contact your local dealer or contact Elo Touch Solutions Customer 
Service. 
 
Solutions to Common Problems 
 
Problem  Suggested Troubleshooting 
The touchmonitor does not respond when 
turning on the system. 
Check that the AC power cable is properly 
connected. 
Verify the AC power source is functioning. 
The Computer Module does not respond 
when turning on the system. 
Disconnect the AC power cable and verify that the 
Computer Module is properly installed.  Reconnect 
the AC power cable. 
Monitor display is dim 
Use the OSD to increase the brightness. 
Use the OSD to increase the contrast. 
Monitor display is blank. 
If the Power Status LED is blinking, the monitor or 
Computer Module may be in SLEEP mode.    Press 
any key / move the mouse / touch the touchscreen to 
see if the image reappears. 
Monitor displays an “Out Of Range” 
message 
Adjust your computer’s resolution/timing mode to be 
within the allowable timing ranges specified for your 
touchmonitor on the Elo website www.elotouch.com 
Touch functionality doesn’t work 
Verify your computer or Elo Computer Module has 
the latest drivers installed.  Refer to the Setup 
chapters for details. 
 
Technical Assistance 
 
Visit www.elotouch.com/go/websupport for online self-help. 
Visit www.elotouch.com/go/contactsupport for technical support. 
See this user manual’s last page for worldwide technical support phone numbers. 
 
Technical assistance for the Computer Module with Windows OS is also available on the computer in 
the Support Information section of the Systems Properties menu.    The Systems Properties menu can 
be accessed by: 
1. Right-clicking the My Computer icon and selecting Properties from the drop-down menu, or 
2. Click the Start button; go to the Settings -> Control Panel menu and selecting the System icon

--- Page 29 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 29 of 40
 
Chapter 8 
Safety & Maintenance 
Safety 
To avoid risk of electric shock, follow all safety notices and do not disassemble the touchmonitor 
or Computer Module.    They are not user-serviceable. 
 
The slots located on the sides and top of the touchmonitor case are for ventilation. Do not block 
or insert anything inside the ventilation slots. 
 
The touchmonitor is equipped with a 3-wire, grounding power cord.    The power cord plug only 
fits into a grounded outlet.    Do not fit or modify the plug into an outlet that has not been 
configured for this purpose.    Do not use a damaged power cord.    Only use the power cord 
that came with your Elo Touch Solutions touchmonitor.    Use of an unauthorized power cord 
might invalidate your warranty. 
 
Ensure that your installation is equipped to maintain the specified environmental conditions 
listed in the unit’s specifications on the Elo Touch Solutions website www.elotouch.com. 
 
 
Environmental conditions for transportation and storage 
 
Temperature: 
   Operating                                       0°C to 35°C 
                                Storage/Transportation          -20°C to 60°C 
 
Humidity (non-condensing) :     
Operating                                     20% to 80% 
                                Storage/Transportation         10% to 90% 
 
Altitude: 
                               Operating                                       0 to 3,000m 
                               Storage/Transportation       0 to 12,192m 
 
Caution 
RISK OF EXPLOSION IF BATTERY IS REPLACED BY AN INCORRECT TYPE. DISPOSE OF USED 
BATTERIES ACCORDING TO THE INSTRUCTIONS.

--- Page 30 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 30 of 40
 
Care and Handling 
The following tips will help keep your touchmonitor functioning at an optimal level: 
• Disconnect the AC power cable before cleaning. 
• To clean the display unit cabinet, use a cloth lightly dampened with a mild detergent. 
• It is important that your unit remains dry.    Do not get liquids on or inside the unit.    If liquid 
does get inside, have a qualified service technician check it before you power it on again. 
• Do not wipe the screen with a cloth or sponge that could scratch the surface.   
• To clean the touchscreen, use window or glass cleaner applied to a clean cloth or sponge. 
Never apply the cleaner directly to the touchscreen. Do not use alcohol (methyl, ethyl or 
isopropyl), thinner, benzene, or other abrasive cleaners. 
 
 
Mercury Warning 
The 3200L, 4200L, and 4600L products contain fluorescent lamps that contain mercury, which 
must be recycled or disposed of in accordance with local, state, or federal laws. 
 
 
Waste Electrical & Electronic Equipment Directive (WEEE) 
 
This product should not be disposed of with household waste. It should be deposited at a 
facility that enables recovery and recycling. 
 
 
 
Operating System Recovery - Windows 7 and Windows XP 
 
If for any reason the Computer Module’s operating system and software need to be recovered, 
please contact Elo Touch Solutions from the information found on page 34. 
 
Note: All data is deleted during the recovery process. The user bears 
responsibility for data and software backup and archiving. Elo Touch

--- Page 31 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 31 of 40
 
Solutions does not accept liability for lost data or software. 
 
Note: The end user must comply with the Microsoft Windows Licensing 
Agreement. 
 
 
•  InstructionstoreassigntheUSBSerialPortafterRecovery
1.  ForPOSReady2009,rightclickthe“Computer”ÆClick“Properties”Æ“Hardware”Æ
“DeviceManager”.
ForWindows7,rightclickthe“Computer”ÆClick“Properties”Æ“DeviceManager”.



--- Page 32 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 32 of 40
 


2.  Doubleclickthe“Ports(COM&LPT)”andcheckallofthese“USBSerialPort”settings
mustbeIDENTICALasthefollowingtable.

Description Location
USBSerialPort(COM3) OnUSBSerialConverterA
USBSerialPort(COM4) OnUSBSerialConverterB

3.  Ifyouseeasituationasbelow,itshowstheoperatingsystemhasreassignedtheseserial
ports.Youneedtocorrectitmanually.

--- Page 33 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 33 of 40
 


Inusual,eveniftheoperatingsystemreassignstheseserialports,theyarestillinorder.
Inthiscase,youshouldchangeitasthefollowingtable.

Originalone Changeto
USBSerialPort(COM5) USBSerialPort(COM3)
USBSerialPort(COM6) USBSerialPort(COM4)

Thus,thesettingsfortheseUSBSerialPortsshouldbeginatCOM3andendatCOM4in
order.


4.  Tocorrectit,pleasefollowtheinstructionsbelow:
Doubleclicktheportyouneedtochange.Inthiscase,itisCOM5.

--- Page 34 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 34 of 40
 

 COM5isthe1
st
portoftheseUSBserialportssothe“Location:”shouldbe“onUSB
SerialConverterA”.PleaseassignthisserialporttoCOM3.(COM4fortheUSBSerial
ConverterB).

Select“PortSettings”ÆClick“Advanced…”
Chan
g
etoCOM3
LocationInformation

--- Page 35 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 35 of 40
 


 Inthiscase,selectCOM3fromthedrop‐downmenuÆclickOKÆOKbacktothe
DeviceManager.


Followthesamestepstoaccomplishthesesettingsforotherports.

 Afterfinished,rightclickon“Ports(COM&LPT)”andclickScanforhardwarechanges.


--- Page 36 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 36 of 40
 


5.  Theoutcomeshouldbeidenticaltothefollowingdiagram.

   
 
 
COM3location:USBSerialConverterA
COM4location:USBSerialConverterB

--- Page 37 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 37 of 40
 
Chapter 9 - Regulatory Information 
I. Electrical Safety Information: 
Compliance is required with respect to the voltage, frequency, and current requirements 
indicated on the manufacturer’s label. Connection to a different power source than those specified 
herein will likely result in improper operation, damage to the equipment or pose a fire hazard if the 
limitations are not followed. 
There are no operator serviceable parts inside this equipment. There are hazardous voltages 
generated by this equipment which constitute a safety hazard. Service should be provided only by 
a qualified service technician. 
Contact a qualified electrician or the manufacturer if there are questions about the installation 
prior to connecting the equipment to mains power. 
 
II. Emissions and Immunity Information 
Notice to Users in the United States: This equipment has been tested and found to comply with 
the limits for a Class A digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of FCC Rules. These limits are designed 
to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residential installation. This 
equipment generates, uses, and can radiate radio frequency energy, and if not installed and used 
in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. 
Notice to Users in Canada: This equipment complies with the Class A limits for radio noise 
emissions from digital apparatus as established by the Radio Interference Regulations of Industrial 
Canada. 
Notice to Users in the European Union: Use only the provided power cords and interconnecting 
cabling provided with the equipment. Substitution of provided cords and cabling may compromise 
electrical safety or CE Mark Certification for emissions or immunity as required by the following 
standards: 
This Information Technology Equipment (ITE) is required to have a CE Mark on the 
Manufacturer’s label which means that the equipment has been tested to the following Directives 
and Standards: This equipment has been tested to the requirements for the CE Mark as required 
by EMC Directive 89/336/EEC indicated in European Standard EN 55022 Class A and the Low 
Voltage Directive 73/23/EEC as indicated in European Standard EN 60950. 
General Information to all Users: This equipment generates, uses and can radiate radio 
frequency energy. If not installed and used according to this manual the equipment may cause 
interference with radio and television communications. There is, however, no guarantee that 
interference will not occur in any particular installation due to site-specific factors.   
1) In order to meet emission and immunity requirements, the user must observe the following: 
a) Use only the provided I/O cables to connect this digital device with any computer. 
b)To ensure compliance, use only the provided manufacturer’s approved line cord. 
c)The user is cautioned that changes or modifications to the equipment not expressly approved 
by the party responsible for compliance could void the user’s authority to operate the equipment. 
2)If this equipment appears to cause interference with radio or television reception, or any other 
device: 
a)Verify as an emission source by turning the equipment off and on. 
If you determine that this equipment is causing the interference, try to correct the interference 
by using one or more of the following measures: 
i) Move the digital device away from the affected receiver.   
ii) Reposition (turn) the digital device with respect to the affected receiver.

--- Page 38 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 38 of 40
 
iii) Reorient the affected receiver’s antenna. 
iv)Plug the digital device into a different AC outlet so the digital device and the receiver are on 
different branch circuits. 
v) Disconnect and remove any I/O cables that the digital device does not use.(Unterminated I/O 
cables are a potential source of high RF emission levels.) 
vi)Plug the digital device into only a grounded outlet receptacle. Do not use AC adapter plugs. 
(Removing or cutting the line cord ground may in crease RF emission levels and may also present 
a lethal shock hazard to the user.) 
If you need additional help, consult your dealer, manufacturer, or an experienced radio or 
television technician.   
 
III. Agency Certifications   
The following certifications and marks have been issued or declared for this monitor: 
Argentina S-mark 
Australia C-Tick 
Canada CUL   
Canada IC 
China CCC 
China RoHS   
Europe CE 
Japan VCCI 
Mexico NOM 
Russia & CIS GOST 
United States FCC 
United States UL

--- Page 39 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 39 of 40
 
Chapter 10 – Warranty Information 
 
Except as otherwise stated herein, or in an order acknowledgment delivered to Buyer, Seller warrants to Buyer 
that the Product shall be free of defects in materials and workmanship. The warranty for the touchmonitors, 
Computer Module, and their components is 3 (three) years. 
 
Seller makes no warranty regarding the model life of components. Seller’s suppliers may at any time and from 
time to time make changes in the components delivered as Products or components. 
 
Buyer shall notify Seller in writing promptly (and in no case later than thirty days after discovery) of the failure of 
any Product to conform to the warranty set forth above; shall describe in commercially reasonable detail in such 
notice the symptoms associated with such failure; and shall provide to Seller the opportunity to inspect such 
Products as installed, if possible. The notice must be received by Seller during the Warranty Period for such 
product, unless otherwise directed in writing by the Seller. Within thirty days after submitting such notice, Buyer 
shall package the allegedly defective Product in its original shipping carton(s) or a functional equivalent and 
shall ship to Seller at Buyer’s expense and risk. 
 
Within a reasonable time after receipt of the allegedly defective Product and verification by Seller that the 
Product fails to meet the warranty set forth above, Seller shall correct such failure by, at Seller’s options, either (i) 
modifying or repairing the Product or (ii) replacing the Product. Such modification, repair, or replacement and 
the return shipment of the Product with minimum insurance to Buyer shall be at Seller’s expense. Buyer shall 
bear the risk of loss or damage in transit, and may insure the Product. Buyer shall reimburse Seller for 
transportation cost incurred for Product returned but not found by Seller to be defective. Modification or repair, of 
Products may, at Seller’s option, take place either at Seller’s facilities or at Buyer’s premises. If Seller is unable 
to modify, repair, or replace a Product to conform to the warranty set forth above, then Seller shall, at Seller’s 
option, either refund to Buyer or credit to Buyer’s account the purchase price of the Product less depreciation 
calculated on a straight-line basis over Seller’s stated Warranty Period. 
 
These remedies shall be the buyer’s exclusive remedies for breach of warranty. Except for the express warranty 
set forth above, seller grants no other warranties, express or implied by statute or otherwise, regarding the 
products, their fitness for any purpose, their quality, their merchantability, their non-infringement, or otherwise. 
No employee of Seller or any other party is authorized to make any warranty for the goods other than the 
warranty set forth herein. Seller’s liability under the warranty shall be limited to a refund of the purchase price of 
the product. In no event shall Seller be liable for the cost of procurement or installation of substitute goods by 
Buyer or for any special, consequential, indirect, or incidental damages. 
 
Buyer assumes the risk and agrees to indemnify Seller against and hold Seller harmless from all liability relating 
to (i) assessing the suitability for Buyer’s intended use of the Products and of any system design or drawing and 
(ii) determining the compliance of Buyer’s use of the Products with applicable laws, regulations, codes, and 
standards. Buyer retains and accepts full responsibility for all warranty and other claims relating to or arising 
from Buyer’s products, which include or incorporate Products or components manufactured or supplied by 
Seller. Buyer is solely responsible for any and all representations and warranties regarding the Products made 
or authorized by Buyer. Buyer will indemnify Seller and hold Seller harmless from any liability, claims, loss, cost, 
or expenses (including reasonable attorney’s fees) attributable to Buyer’s products or representations or 
warranties concerning same.

--- Page 40 ---
User Manual– Interactive Digital Signage
SW601176  Rev F, Page 40 of 40
 
Check out Elo’s Website! 
 
www.elotouch.com 
 
 
 
Get the latest... 
•  Product Information 
•  Specifications 
•  News on upcoming events 
•  Press releases 
•  Software drivers 
•  TouchMonitor Newsletter 
 
 
Getting in Touch with Elo 
To find out more about Elo’s extensive range of touch solutions, visit our website at www.elotouch.com, or simply call the 
office nearest you: 
 
 
 
 
North America 
Elo Touch Solutions 
301 Constitution Drive 
Menlo Park, CA 94025 
 
Tel 800-ELO-TOUCH 
Tel 800-557-1458 
Tel 650-361-4800 
Fax 650-361-4722 
customerservice@elotouch.com 
Latin America 
Tel 786-923-0251 
Fax 305-931-0124 
www.elotouch.com.ar   
Europe 
Tel +32(0)(16)35-2100 
Fax +32(0)(16)35-2101 
elosales@elotouch.com 
Asian-Pacific 
Tel +81(45)478-2161 
Fax +81(45)478-2180 
www.tps.co.jp 
 
 
 
Copyright 2012 Elo Touch Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.

