Brand: HUAWEI
Model: Matebook 16S
URL: https://www.manua.ls/huawei/matebook-16s/manual
Total Pages: 25
============================================================

--- Page 2 ---
Contents
Get to know your computer
Appearance
1
Keyboard
3
Touchpad
4
Charging the computer
6
Start the computer
Powering on and o
8
Make the most of key features
8
F10 factory reset (not available in some regions)
Eye Comfort mode
Accessories and extensions
MateDock (optional)
11
Connect to a TV, monitor, or projector
12
Connect to a USB mouse, printer, or other devices
14
Bluetooth mouse (optional)
14
Safety information
Personal Information and Data Security
Legal Notice
i

--- Page 3 ---
Get to know your computer
Appearance
 
4
67
3
5
5
9
8 12
11
10
13
1 2
1 Camera
Can be used to take photos or make video chats.
2 Camera indicator
Indicates the camera's status. Lights up steady white when the camera is active.
3 Display
Displays the computer desktop.
4 Fingerprint power button
After enrolling a ngerprint, simply press the power button with the enrolled nger
to power on and unlock the computer without having to enter a password.
5 Speaker
The speakers output sound.
1

--- Page 4 ---
6 Touchpad
• Provides similar functionality to a mouse. A convenient way to control the
computer.
• Tap the NFC detection area on some Huawei phones against the Huawei Share
sensor to use Huawei Share.
Huawei Share sensor is located approximately in the centre of the touchpad. It is
not externally visible.
7 Microphone
Use the microphone to conduct video meetings, voice calls, or make audio
recordings.
8 USB-C (USB 3.2 Gen 1) port
• Connects the power adapter to charge the computer.
• Connects external displays such as monitors and projectors via a docking station.
• Connects to mobile phones, USB drives, and other external devices to transfer
les.
9 Charging indicator
Indicates the battery's charge status when charging:
• Blinks white when charging.
• Steady white when the computer is fully charged and stops charging.
10
Thunderbolt
TM
 4 port
• Connects to Thunderbolt external storage devices for faster data transfers.
• Connects the power adapter to charge the computer.
• Connects external displays such as monitors and projectors via a docking station.
11 HDMI port
A high-denition multimedia port. Connects to external displays.
12 Headset jack
Connects to a headset.
Get to know your computer
2

--- Page 5 ---
13 USB-A (USB 3.2 Gen 1) port
Connects to mobile phones, USB drives, and other external devices to transfer data.
Keyboard
Keyboard keys may vary depending on your device model.
Shortcut keys
The F keys, such as F1 and F2, are used as shortcut keys (hotkeys) by default to allow you to
easily perform common actions.
Decrease screen brightness.
Increase screen brightness.
Enable, disable, or adjust the brightness of the keyboard backlight.
If there is no   icon on the key, the keyboard does not have a
backlight.
Mute or unmute.
Decrease the volume.
Increase the volume.
Enable or disable the microphone.
Switch projection mode.
Enable or disable Wi-Fi.
Open HUAWEI PC Manager.
Launch the dictation feature provided by the system, which is the
same as by pressing the Windows key and H.
Switching between shortcut and function key modes
In function key mode, the F keys have dierent functions depending on the software that is
running.
Get to know your computer
3

--- Page 6 ---
To use the F keys as function keys, you can:
• Press the Fn key and the indicator will light up. The F keys will then work as function keys.
To return to shortcut key (hotkey) mode, press the Fn key then the indicator will turn o.
• To make the F keys work as function keys by default, open HUAWEI PC Manager and go to
Settings to enable Function key priority. To switch back to hotkey mode, enable Hotkey
priority.
Touchpad
The touchpad provides similar functionality to a mouse and is a convenient way to control
the computer.
Not all gestures are available in all apps.
Common touchpad gestures
Tap with one nger: Left-click.
Tap twice with one nger: Double-click.
Slide with one nger: Move the cursor.
Press the left touchpad button: Left-click.
Press the right touchpad button: Right-click.
Get to know your computer
4

--- Page 7 ---
Tap with two ngers: Right-click.
Slide up or down with two ngers: Scroll up or down.
Pinch in or stretch out with two ngers: Zoom in or out.
Tap with three ngers: Open search.
Slide up with three ngers: See all open windows.
Slide down with three ngers: Show the desktop.
Slide left or right with three ngers: Switch between open
windows.
Tap with four ngers: Open notication centre and calendar.
Get to know your computer
5

--- Page 8 ---
Modify touchpad settings
You can modify touchpad settings to suit your own preferences.
1 Click   >   to open Settings.
2 On the Settings screen, click  , then click   to:
• Enable or disable the touchpad.
• Automatically enable or disable the touchpad when a mouse is connected.
• Change the touchpad scroll direction.
•
Congure touchpad gestures.
Charging the computer
The computer will display a prompt when the battery is running low. If you see this prompt,
charge your computer as soon as possible or it will 
aect your normal use.
Charging the computer with a power adapter
The computer features a non-removable rechargeable battery. Connect the power adapter
and charging cable to charge the computer. The battery charges more quickly when the
computer is powered o or in Sleep mode.
 
Safety information
• Charge the computer at room temperature in a well-ventilated, shaded area. Charging the
computer in hot environments may damage the internal components.
• Charging duration may vary based on the ambient temperature and battery use.
• It is normal for the computer to become warm after prolonged use or charging. If it
becomes hot to the touch, disable non-essential features and disconnect the charger.
• The battery is subject to wear over time. If the computer's standby time appears to have
fallen, do not attempt to replace the battery by yourself. Instead, take the computer and
proof of purchase to an authorised Huawei Customer Service Centre for assistance.
Battery status
Get to know your computer
6

--- Page 9 ---
The battery status is indicated by the battery icon in the taskbar.
: Indicates that the charger is connected. Click   to view the estimated charging time.
: Indicates that the charger is not connected. Click   to view the battery percentage
and battery time.
The charging time and remaining battery life displayed are estimated by the operating
system. The actual time may vary.
Method for entering low power consumption mode
When the battery level falls to below 90%, plug in the power adapter to charge the
computer. After the battery level is displayed as 100%, do not unplug the power adapter and
charge the computer for more than one hour.
"Low power consumption mode" referring to "another condition which does not exceed
the applicable power consumption requirements for o mode and/or standby mode
when the equipment is connected to the mains power source" in COMMISSION
REGULATION (EC) No 1275/2008 and COMMISSION REGULATION (EU) No 801/2013 of
Energy Related Products (ErP) Directive.
Get to know your computer
7

--- Page 10 ---
Start the computer
Powering on and o
When powering on the computer for the rst time, connect the power adapter, and the
computer will power on automatically. The computer will enter the startup screen shortly
after the screen lights up.
When the computer is powered o, press the Power button until the screen or keyboard
lights up to power on or wake the computer.
When using the computer, click   >   to sleep, shut down, or restart the computer.
Press and hold the power button for approximately 10 seconds to force shutdown the
computer. Force shutdowns may cause unsaved data to be lost. Use with caution.
Make the most of key features
Click   at the bottom of the desktop to open HUAWEI PC Manager and click Tips to get
more features such as Huawei Share.
8

--- Page 11 ---
F10 factory reset (not available in some
regions)
The computer's built-in F10 factory reset feature can quickly restore your computer to its
initial or factory state.
• All data on the C drive will be deleted during a factory reset. Make sure to back up
your data before proceeding.
• This feature is not available in some countries and regions.
1 Connect the computer to the power adapter. Then, press the Power button, and press F10
for multiple times constantly or hold F10 to access the restore screen.
2 Follow the instructions to perform a factory reset.
9

--- Page 12 ---
Eye Comfort mode
Enable Eye Comfort mode when using the computer for prolonged periods to prevent eye
strain and fatigue.
Right-click any empty space on the desktop, click   >  , and enable Eye Comfort.
The screen will have a slightly yellow hue when Eye Comfort mode is enabled.
10

--- Page 13 ---
Accessories and extensions
MateDock (optional)
Use the MateDock to connect your computer to external devices such as projectors, TVs, and
USB drives.
The MateDock is an optional accessory and is sold separately.
Getting to know HUAWEI MateDock 2
 
USB-A
HDMI   VGA    USB-C
USB-C
USB-C cable Connects to the USB-C port on the computer.
USB-A port Connects to USB devices, such as a USB mouse, keyboard, USB drive, or
network adapter.
HDMI port Connects to HDMI displays, such as a TV.
VGA port Connects to VGA displays, such as a monitor.
USB-C port Connects to USB-C devices.
Getting to know HUAWEI MateDock 3
11

--- Page 14 ---
VGA  HDMI  
microSD  USB-A
USB-A  LAN
Micro SD
USB-C cable Connects to the USB-C port on the computer.
microSD slot Supports 4K data transfers to Class 10 microSD cards.
USB-A port x 2 Connects to USB devices, such as a USB mouse, keyboard, USB drive, or
network adapter.
USB-C charging
port
Charges USB-C devices. Does not support data transfer.
VGA port Connects to VGA displays, such as a monitor.
HDMI port Connects to HDMI displays, such as a TV.
Ethernet port Connects to ethernet cables.
Connect to a TV, monitor, or projector
You can connect the computer to a large display such as a TV, monitor, or projector for a
better viewing experience when streaming lms or holding a meeting.
Accessories and extensions
12

--- Page 15 ---
• In addition to a computer, docking station, and external device, you also need to
prepare an HDMI or VGA cable.
• Check the port of the external device rst.
• The procedures for connecting the computer to a TV or other devices using a docking
station are similar. The following uses the HUAWEI MateDock 2 as an example.
• The HDMI and VGA ports cannot be used at the same time.
 
1 Connect your computer to a TV, monitor, or projector using a docking station, as shown in
the gure above.
2 Power on the TV, monitor, or projector.
3 In hotkey mode, press   or press  +P to open the projection screen and select
a projection mode.
•
: The computer's screen displays the desktop, while the external device's screen does
not display any content.
Accessories and extensions
13

--- Page 16 ---
• : Both the computer's screen and external device's screen display the desktop.
• : The desktop is extended from the computer's screen to the external device's screen,
allowing you to move items between the screens.
• : The external device's screen displays the desktop, while the computer's screen does
not display any content.
Connect to a USB mouse, printer, or other devices
You can connect a USB device such as a mouse, printer, scanner, smartphone, or hard drive to
your laptop using the USB-A port on a docking station.
Connecting to USB devices
1 Connect the USB cable to the USB-A port on the docking station.
2 Connect the external device to a power supply if necessary, then power on the device.
3 When you connect the USB device for the rst time, the computer will automatically
install the required software.
Searching for the USB devices installed on the computer
1 Click   on the taskbar at the bottom of the desktop to open the le manager.
2 Click   to view the installed USB devices.
Bluetooth mouse (optional)
The Huawei Bluetooth mouse can be connected to your computer via Bluetooth. When you
use the Bluetooth mouse for the rst time, you will need to pair it with your computer.
Getting to know the Bluetooth mouse
The Bluetooth mouse is an optional accessory and is sold separately.
 
5
6
3
2
1
4
1 Left button 2 Scroll wheel + Middle button
3 Right button 4
LED indicator
If the indicator blinks red, the battery is low on power
and should be replaced.
Accessories and extensions
14

--- Page 17 ---
5 Sensor 6 Power/Bluetooth pairing switch
Install the battery
As illustrated below, remove the battery cover from the mark located at the bottom end of
the mouse. Insert one AA battery, making sure to match the + and - signs in the battery
compartment. Close the cover.
 
Pairing the Bluetooth mouse with the computer
 
Mouse
1 Toggle the Bluetooth pairing switch at the bottom of the mouse to   for approximately 3
seconds. Once the indicator starts blinking, the Bluetooth mouse is ready to pair.
2 On the computer, go to   >   >   to enter the Bluetooth & other devices screen,
click   to add a Bluetooth device, select Huawei Mouse from the list of detected
Bluetooth devices, and wait a moment until pairing is completed.
Accessories and extensions
15

--- Page 18 ---
Safety information
This section contains important information about how to use your device safely and how it
operates. Read this information carefully before using your device.
Electronic device
Do not use your device if its use is prohibited or if it may cause danger or interference with
other electronic devices.
Interference with medical equipment
• Adhere to any rules or regulations set forth by hospitals and health care facilities.
• Some wireless devices may aect the performance of hearing aids or pacemakers. For more
information, contact your service provider.
• Pacemaker manufacturers recommend maintaining a minimum distance of 15 cm between
a pacemaker and a wireless device to prevent potential interference with the pacemaker. If
using a pacemaker, hold the device on the side opposite the pacemaker and do not carry
the device in your front pocket.
Protecting your hearing when using a headset
•  To prevent possible hearing damage, do not listen at high volume levels for long
periods.
• Using a headset at high volumes may damage your hearing. To reduce this risk, lower the
headset volume to a safe and comfortable level.
• Exposure to high volumes while driving may cause distraction and increase your risk of an
accident.
Areas with ammables and explosives
• Do not use the device in environments where ammables or explosives are stored, such as
a petrol station, because the electronics in the device may trigger an explosion or re.
Always adhere to any warning signs or information that may be present in these
environments.
• Do not store or transport the device in containers with ammable liquids, gases, or
explosives.
Trac safety
• Adhere to local laws and regulations while using the device. To reduce the risk of accidents,
do not use your device while driving.
• Concentrate on driving. Your rst responsibility is to drive safely.
• The signals from the device may interfere with the electronic systems of motor vehicles. For
more information, contact the vehicle manufacturer.
16

--- Page 19 ---
• Do not place the device over an air bag or in the deployment area of an air bag in a motor
vehicle. Doing so may cause injury if the air bag deploys.
• Do not use the wireless functions of your device while ying or while boarding an
aeroplane. Doing so may interfere with the aeroplane’s systems and may be illegal.
Operating environment
• Avoid environments in which there is dust, damp, dirt, or magnetic elds. Using the device
in these environments may cause it to malfunction.
• Do not use your device during thunderstorms to protect your device against any danger
caused by lightning.
• Ideal operating temperatures are 0°C to 35°C. Ideal storage temperatures are -10°C to
+45°C. Extreme heat or cold may damage your device or accessories.
• Do not expose your device to direct sunlight (such as on a car dashboard) for prolonged
periods.
• To protect your device or accessories from re or electrical shock hazards, avoid rain and
moisture.
• Keep the device away from sources of heat and re, such as a heater, microwave oven,
stove, water heater, radiator, or candle.
• If the device overheats, close any opened applications or stop using it until it cools down. If
skin is exposed to an overheated device for an extended period, low-temperature burn
symptoms, such as red spots or darker pigmentation, may occur.
• Do not allow children or pets to bite or suck the device or accessories. Doing so may result
in damage or explosion.
• Adhere to local laws and regulations, and respect the privacy and legal rights of others.
Child's safety
• Keep the device and its accessories away from children and take all necessary precautions
to ensure their safety. The device includes detachable parts that may present a choking
hazard.
• The device and its accessories are not intended for use by children. Children should use the
device only under direct adult supervision.
Accessories
• Using an unapproved or incompatible power adapter, charger, or battery may cause a re,
explosion, or other hazards.
• Use only approved accessories. The use of unapproved accessories may void the warranty,
may violate local regulations and laws, and may be dangerous. For information about the
availability of approved accessories in your area, contact your retailer.
Charger safety
• For pluggable devices, the socket-outlet shall be installed near the devices and shall be
easily accessible.
Safety information
17

--- Page 20 ---
• Unplug the charger from the electric socket and from the device when not in use.
• Do not drop or cause an impact to the charger.
• If the power cable is damaged or the plug is loose, stop using it immediately. Continued use
may lead to an electric shock, short circuit, or 
re.
• Do not touch the power cable with wet hands or pull it to disconnect the charger.
• Do not touch the device or the charger with wet hands. Doing so may lead to an electric
shock, short circuit, or malfunction.
• Ensure that the power adapter meets the requirements of IEC/EN 62368-1 and has been
tested and approved according to national or local standards.
• The device's rated input current is the same as the maximum output current of the adapter
that comes with the device.
• Connect the device only to products that display the USB-IF logo or that comply with the
USB-IF program.
Battery safety
• Do not bridge the battery terminals with conductive material, such as keys or jewellery.
Doing so will short-circuit the battery and may cause injury.
• Keep the battery away from excessive heat and direct sunlight. Do not place it on or in
heating devices, such as microwave ovens, stoves, or radiators. Batteries may explode if
overheated.
• Do not attempt to modify the battery, insert foreign objects into it, or immerse or expose it
to liquids. Doing so may lead to re, explosion, or other hazards.
• If the battery leaks, ensure that the electrolyte does not make contact with your skin or
eyes. If contact is made, immediately ush with clean water and consult a doctor.
• If battery deformation occurs, it changes colour, or it overheats while charging or storing,
stop using the device immediately and remove the battery. Continued use may lead to
battery leakage, re, or explosion.
• Do not dispose of batteries in re as they may explode. Damaged batteries may also
explode.
• Dispose of used batteries in accordance with local regulations. Improper battery use may
lead to re, explosion, or other hazards.
• Do not allow children or pets to bite or suck the battery. Doing so may result in damage or
explosion.
• Do not damage the battery or expose it to high external pressure. Doing so may lead to a
short circuit or overheating.
• Do not drop the device or battery. Doing so may damage the device or battery.
• If the device standby time shortens 
signicantly, replace the battery.
• This device contains a built-in battery. Do not attempt to replace the battery by yourself.
Otherwise, the device may not run properly or it may damage the battery. For your
Safety information
18

--- Page 21 ---
personal safety and to ensure that your device runs properly, you are strongly advised to
contact a Huawei authorised service centre for a replacement.
Cleaning and maintenance
• Keep the device and accessories dry. Do not attempt to dry it with an external heat source,
such as a microwave oven or hair dryer.
• Do not expose your device or accessories to extreme heat or cold, which may interfere with
proper function and may lead to re or explosion.
• Avoid collision, which may lead to device malfunctions, overheating, re, or explosion.
• Before you clean or maintain the device, stop using it, close all applications, and disconnect
all cables connected to it.
• Do not use chemical detergents, powders, or other agents (such as alcohol or benzene) to
clean the device or accessories. These substances may cause damage to parts or present a
re hazard. Use a clean, soft, and dry cloth to clean the device and accessories.
• Do not place magnetic stripe cards, such as bankcards and phone cards, near the device for
extended periods of time. Otherwise, these cards may be damaged.
• Do not dismantle or remanufacture the device and its accessories. This voids the warranty
and releases the manufacturer from liability for damage. In case of damage, contact a
Huawei authorised service centre for assistance or repair.
• If the device screen is broken in a collision, immediately stop using the device. Do not touch
or attempt to remove the broken parts. Promptly contact a Huawei authorised service
centre.
Disposal and recycling information
The symbol on the product, battery, literature, or packaging means that the products and
batteries should be taken to separate waste collection points designated by local authorities
at the end of the lifespan. This will ensure that EEE waste is recycled and treated in a manner
that conserves valuable materials and protects human health and the environment.
For more information, please contact your local authorities, retailer, or household waste
disposal service or visit the website https://consumer.huawei.com/en/.
Reduction of hazardous substances
This device and its electrical accessories comply with local applicable rules on the restriction
of the use of certain hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment, such as EU
REACH regulation, RoHS and Batteries (where included) directive. For declarations of
conformity about REACH and RoHS, please visit the website
https://consumer.huawei.com/certication.
Safety information
19

--- Page 22 ---
Personal Information and Data Security
The use of some functions or third-party applications on your device could result in your
personal information and data being lost or becoming accessible to others. Use the following
measures to help you protect your personal information:
• Put your device in a safe place to prevent unauthorised use.
• Set your device screen to lock and set a password or unlock pattern.
• Do not open messages or emails from strangers to prevent your device from becoming
infected with a virus.
• When using your device to browse the Internet, do not visit websites that might pose a
security risk to avoid your personal information from being stolen.
• If you use services such as the portable Wi-Fi hotspot or Bluetooth, set passwords for these
services to prevent unauthorised access. Turn these services 
o when they are not in use.
• Install device security software and regularly scan for viruses.
• Using unauthorised third-party software to update your device may damage your device or
put your personal information at risk. It is recommended that you update through your
device's online update feature or download ocial update packages for your device model
from Huawei.
• Be sure to obtain third-party applications from a legitimate source. Downloaded third-party
applications should be scanned for viruses.
• Install security software or patches released by Huawei or authorised third-party
application providers.
• Some applications require and transmit location information. As a result, a third-party may
be able to share your location information.
• Some third-party application providers may collect detection and diagnostic information on
your device to improve their products and services.
20

--- Page 23 ---
Legal Notice
Copyright © 2023 Huawei Device Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
The product described in this document may include software that is the copyright of Huawei
or its licensors. Such software shall not be reproduced, distributed, modied, decompiled,
disassembled, decrypted, extracted, reverse engineered, leased, assigned, or sublicensed
unless such restrictions are prohibited by law or such actions are approved by the copyright
holder.
Trademarks and Permissions
The 
Bluetooth
®
 word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by 
Bluetooth SIG, Inc.
and any use of such marks by Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. is under license. Huawei Device
Co., Ltd. is an aliate of Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.
Wi-Fi
®
, the Wi-Fi CERTIFIED logo and the Wi-Fi logo are trademarks of Wi-Fi Alliance.
The terms HDMI, HDMI High-Denition Multimedia Interface, HDMI Trade Dress and the
HDMI Logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of HDMI Licensing Administrator, Inc.
Microsoft and Windows are trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies.
Thunderbolt and the Thunderbolt logo are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries.
Other trademarks, products, services and company names mentioned herein may be the
property of their respective owners.
Notice
Some features of the product and its accessories described herein rely on the software
installed or the capacities and settings of the local network, and therefore may not be
activated or may be limited by local network operators or network service providers.
Therefore, the descriptions herein may not exactly match the purchased product or its
accessories.
Huawei reserves the right to change or modify any information or specications contained in
this document at any time without prior notice and without any liability.
Third-Party Software Statement
Huawei does not own the intellectual property of the third-party software and applications
that are delivered with this product. Therefore, Huawei will not provide any warranty of any
kind for third-party software and applications. Neither will Huawei provide support to
customers who use third-party software and applications, nor be responsible or liable for the
functions or performance of third-party software and applications.
Third-party software and applications services may be interrupted or terminated at any time,
and Huawei does not guarantee the availability of any content or service. Third-party service
21

--- Page 24 ---
providers provide content and services through network or transmission tools outside of the
control of Huawei. To the greatest extent permitted by applicable law, it is explicitly stated
that Huawei shall not compensate or be liable for services provided by third-party service
providers, or the interruption or termination of third-party contents or services.
Huawei shall not be responsible for the legality, quality, or any other aspects of any third-
party software installed on this product, or for any uploaded or downloaded third-party
works in any form, including but not limited to texts, images, videos, or software etc.
Customers shall bear the risk for any and all eects, including incompatibility between the
software and this product, which result from installing software or uploading or downloading
the third-party works.
DISCLAIMER
ALL CONTENTS OF THIS DOCUMENT ARE PROVIDED “AS IS”. EXCEPT AS REQUIRED BY
APPLICABLE LAWS, NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE MADE IN RELATION TO THE ACCURACY,
RELIABILITY OR CONTENTS OF THIS DOCUMENT.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES
SHALL HUAWEI BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES, OR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS, REVENUE, DATA, GOODWILL SAVINGS OR
ANTICIPATED SAVINGS REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH LOSSES ARE FORSEEABLE OR NOT.
THE MAXIMUM LIABILITY (THIS LIMITATION SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR
PERSONAL INJURY TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH A LIMITATION) OF
HUAWEI ARISING FROM THE USE OF THE PRODUCT DESCRIBED IN THIS DOCUMENT
SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID BY CUSTOMERS FOR THE PURCHASE OF THIS
PRODUCT.
Import and Export Regulations
All applicable export or import laws and regulations must be complied with and all necessary
governmental permits and licenses must be obtained before exporting or importing the
product, including the software and technical data, described in this document.
Privacy Policy
To better understand how we protect your personal information, please see our privacy policy
at https://consumer.huawei.com/privacy-policy.
For More Help
Visit https://consumer.huawei.com/en/support for the most up-to-date contact information
for your country or region.
ALL PICTURES AND ILLUSTRATIONS IN THIS GUIDE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
DEVICE COLOUR, SIZE, AND DISPLAY CONTENT, ARE FOR YOUR REFERENCE ONLY. THE
Legal Notice
22

--- Page 25 ---
ACTUAL DEVICE MAY VARY. NOTHING IN THIS GUIDE CONSTITUTES A WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
Legal Notice
23

