Brand: HUAWEI
Model: Matebook D
URL: https://www.manua.ls/huawei/matebook-d/manual
Total Pages: 31
============================================================

--- Page 2 ---
Contents
About this guide
Getting to know your computer
Charging your computer
Using the power adapter 4
Safety information 4
Battery status information 4
Powering your computer on and off
Function keys
Touchpad
About Windows 10
Using the Start menu 11
Action center 11
Connecting to Wi-Fi
®
12
HUAWEI MateBook Manager
Managing drivers 13
Backing up and restoring data 13
Instant Online * 14
Huawei Share * 14
Eye protection mode
Restoring your computer to the factory settings *
Appendix
Safety information 18
Personal Information and Data Security 25
Legal Notice 26
ENERGY STAR
®
 model information
28
i

--- Page 3 ---
About this guide
This guide was written for computers that run Windows 10. It explains how to use basic features
on your computer. For more information about Windows 10 features, visit http://
www.microsoft.com or click   >   on your computer's desktop.
Optional accessories and software mentioned in this guide may not be provided with or installed
on your computer. The system environment described in this guide may differ from your actual
system environment, and the interface on your computer may differ from the screenshots in this
guide. Functions marked with asterisk (*) may not by supported in certain regions.
Symbols and definitions
Note
Highlights important information and tips to help you perform the steps
described in this guide.
Important
Indicates potential problems, such as device damage or data loss, that
may arise if proper care or attention is not given.
Warning Warns of potential hazards that could cause serious injury.
1

--- Page 4 ---
Getting to know your computer
 

 





































1 Camera Front camera for taking photos or making video calls.
2 Camera indicator Indicates the camera status. The indicator stays constant
when the camera is on.
3 Microphone Use the microphone to make video or voice calls, or record
sound.
4 Screen Displays onscreen content.
5 Power indicator Indicates whether the computer is powered on:
l Constant white: Powered on
l Off: Powered off
l Flashing white: Sleep mode
6 Power button l Press the power button to enter sleep mode, and then press
again to exit sleep mode.
l Hold down the power button to turn on your computer.
7 Keyboard Enter letters, numbers, and symbols.
8 Touchpad Functions like a computer mouse.
9 Right button Right mouse click.
10 Left button Left mouse click.
2

--- Page 5 ---
11 Speakers The speakers play sound when a headset is not connected.
12 USB 2.0 port Connect a mobile phone or USB flash drive to transfer files.
13 Headset jack and
microphone port
Used to connect to the headset and microphone
14 USB 3.0 port Connect a mobile phone or USB flash drive to transfer files.
15 HDMI port Connect an HDMI display device.
16 Charging port Connect the power adapter to charge your computer.
17 Charging indicator Indicates the charging status.
l Flashing white: Less than 90% charged
l Constant white: At least 90% charged
Getting to know your computer
3

--- Page 6 ---
Charging your computer
Using the power adapter
Your computer features a built-in rechargeable battery. When you connect the power adapter
provided to a power supply, the charging indicator will turn on to indicate that the battery is
charging. The battery charges faster when your computer is powered off or in sleep mode.
 
Safety information
Always use the power adapter that came with your computer for charging.
Third-party accessories may present a potential safety hazard and impair performance.
Charge your computer at room temperature in a well-ventilated area.
l Exposing your computer to high ambient temperatures during charging may damage the
internal components.
l Charging duration may vary depending on the ambient temperature and the battery
usage.
l Your computer may become warm after prolonged use or charging. If it becomes hot to
the touch, disable non-essential features and disconnect the charger.
Battery status information
The battery status is indicated by the battery icon in the status bar.
l When your computer is charging, the   icon will indicate that a charger is connected.
l To view the remaining battery percentage and battery life, move the cursor over the   icon.
4

--- Page 7 ---
All batteries have a limited lifespan. If you notice a significant deterioration in battery life,
contact your nearest Huawei service center for a replacement. Do not attempt to replace the
battery yourself.
Charging your computer
5

--- Page 8 ---
Powering your computer on and off
When using your computer for the first time, connect the power adapter to activate the battery.
Press the power button to power on your computer or wake the screen.
Click   >   to power off, restart, or enter sleep mode.
To force your computer to power off, hold down the power button for 10 seconds. All
unsaved data will be lost.
6

--- Page 9 ---
Function keys
Use the hot keys to perform specific tasks.
You can use F1 and F2 as function keys in two ways:
l Hold down the Fn key until the Fn key indicator turns on, and then press the corresponding
key. Press the Fn key again to disable the function keys.
l To use the function keys without pressing the Fn key, open MateBook Manager and configure
the following settings:
– Click   > System Configuration to switch function key mode and hotkey mode. You can
then use the function keys without pressing the Fn key.
Decrease the screen brightness.
Increase the screen brightness.
Enable or disable the Windows key.
Mute or unmute
Decrease the volume.
Increase the volume.
Enable or disable the microphone.
Enable or disable screen projection.
Enable or disable Wi-Fi.
Open MateBook Manager.
The keyboard layout may vary depending on your country or region.
7

--- Page 10 ---
Touchpad
The touchpad functions like a computer mouse.
The touchpad supports the following gestures:
Touch with one finger: Left mouse click.
Touch twice with one finger: Double mouse click.
Swipe with one finger: Move the cursor across the screen.
Left button: Left mouse click.
Right button: Right mouse click.
Touch with two fingers: Right mouse click.
8

--- Page 11 ---
Swipe up or down with two fingers: Scroll up or down.
Spread or pinch two fingers: Zoom in or out.
Touch with three fingers: Launch search screen.
Swipe up with three fingers: Display virtual desktops.
Swipe down with three fingers: Hide an open application.
Swipe left or right with three fingers: Select an open application.
Touch with four fingers: Open the action center.
You can customize the touchpad settings to suit your personal preferences.
Touchpad
9

--- Page 12 ---
1 Click   >   to open the settings menu.
2 Click   and navigate to the touchpad settings. From there, you can:
l Enable or disable the touchpad.
l Choose to enable or disable the touchpad when a mouse is connected.
l Change the touchpad scroll direction.
l Configure touchpad gestures.
Touchpad
10

--- Page 13 ---
About Windows 10
Using the Start menu
Use the Start menu to access apps, settings, and files on your computer.
Click 
 in the lower-left corner of the screen to open the Start menu.
 
l Select   to change, lock, or log out of the current user account.
l Select   to access the system settings.
l Select   to shut down or restart your computer, or enable Sleep mode.
l App list: Swipe up or down on the screen to scroll through the app list.
l Pinned tiles: Pin your favorite apps or websites to the Start menu and organize them into
groups.
Action center
Action center displays system updates and other system notifications. It also provides quick
access to enable or disable specific functions and configure the functions.
Click 
 in the lower-right corner of the screen, to launch the action center. You can:
l Quickly access the settings, VPN, and projector screens.
l Quickly access frequently-used settings, such as the power saving mode, airplane mode, and
screen brightness.
 
11

--- Page 14 ---
Connecting to Wi-Fi
®
1 Click 
 in the lower-right corner of the screen to open the Wi-Fi settings screen.
2 Switch on the Wi-Fi. Your computer will automatically search for available Wi-Fi networks.
3 Select the network that you want to connect to and follow the on-screen instructions to
proceed. Some Wi-Fi networks require a security key or password to connect. You can find
this in your router settings, or obtain it from your Internet Service Provider (ISP) or network
administrator.
About Windows 10
12

--- Page 15 ---
HUAWEI MateBook Manager
Managing drivers
MateBook Manager automatically detects system drivers and reminds you to update them for an
improved user experience.
Click 
 > Driver Management:
 
l On the Updates tab, click Update or Update all to update a single driver, or all drivers.
l Open the Installed tab to view all drivers installed on your computer.
Backing up and restoring data
If the operating system on your computer is faulty, you can restore it to a previous working state
from an earlier backup.
l Backing up or restoring system files can take a long time. Do not switch off or restart your
computer during this time.
l Ensure that your computer is plugged in to the charger while backing up or restoring
system files.
Click   > Backup and Restore:
 
13

--- Page 16 ---
l On the Backup tab, click Start Backup and select a backup destination.
l On the Restore tab, click Start Restore and follow the onscreen instructions to select the
system backup that you want to restore.
Instant Online *
Connect your computer to your phone's mobile hotspot and use mobile data to access the
Internet anywhere. You can also set a data usage limit to avoid incurring charges.
l This feature is only supported on Huawei phones running EMUI 5.1 or later.
l Your mobile phone carrier may charge you for using mobile data. To avoid incurring
excessive data charges, purchase a data plan. For more information about mobile data
charges, contact your carrier.
1 Open MateBook Manager and click  . Log in to your computer and phone using the same
Huawei ID. Enable Bluetooth and mobile data on your phone, and then enable Bluetooth on
your computer. Your computer will automatically display nearby phones that are logged in to
the same Huawei ID.
2 On your computer, tap twice on your phone to connect to it. Once connected, your computer
can use your phone's mobile data to access the Internet.
l Use Consumed to monitor how much data you have used.
l Use the   dropdown menu under Limited flow to configure a limit for mobile data usage.
When this limit is reached, your computer will stop using mobile data and display a
notification.
l Click Disconnect to disconnect your computer from the mobile hotspot.
Functions marked with asterisk (*) may not by supported in certain regions.
Huawei Share *
Use Huawei Share to quickly transfer files between two Huawei devices. Huawei Share uses
Bluetooth to detect nearby Huawei devices and Wi-Fi to transfer files.
HUAWEI MateBook Manager
14

--- Page 17 ---
Before using Huawei Share, check that this feature is supported on your Huawei device.
Mobile phone devices need to use Huawei phones running EMUI 5.1 or later.
Enabling Huawei Share
1 On Huawei phones, drag down from the status bar to open the notification panel. Click 
and follow the onscreen instructions to enable Huawei Share.
2 In MateBook Manager, click   and select Allow the people nearby to discover my
MateBook. This allows your phone to discover your computer and connect to it automatically.
l When you enable Huawei Share, Wi-Fi or Bluetooth will be enabled automatically.
l After you disable Wi-Fi or Bluetooth, Huawei Share will be unavailable.
Using Huawei Share to transfer files
1 Right-click on the file you want to send and click Share by Huawei Share. Select the profile
picture of the receiving device from the popup dialog box. Alternatively, drag the file onto the
profile picture of the receiving device in MateBook Manager.
2 A popup dialog will appear on the receiving device. Follow the onscreen instructions to
accept the file transfer request.
To cancel the file transfer, touch the profile picture of the receiving device.
 
If you want to receive the files shared by other devices with your computer, click ACCEPT in the
popup dialog to accept the file transfer request. To view or change the storage path for received
files, click  .
Functions marked with asterisk (*) may not by supported in certain regions.
HUAWEI MateBook Manager
15

--- Page 18 ---
Eye protection mode
When reading text on your computer, enable eye protection mode to reduce blue light output and
prevent eye strain and fatigue.
Right click on a blank part of the desktop to open the display management screen, and enable
eye protection mode.
Eye protection mode reduces the amount of blue light emitted from the screen, which may
give the screen a slightly yellow hue.
16

--- Page 19 ---
Restoring your computer to the factory
settings *
You can use the system recovery screen to quickly restore your computer to the factory settings.
Before restoring the factory settings, back up all files on the Drive C and connect your
computer to the charger.
1 Hold down the F10 button when powering on your computer to access the factory settings
screen.
2 Follow the onscreen instructions to restore your computer to the factory settings.
Functions marked with asterisk (*) may not by supported in certain regions.
17

--- Page 20 ---
Appendix
Safety information
This section contains important information about the operation of your device. It also contains
information about how to use the device safely. Read this information carefully before using your
device.
Electronic device
Do not use your device if using the device is prohibited. Do not use the device if doing so causes
danger or interference with other electronic devices.
Interference with medical equipment
l Follow rules and regulations set forth by hospitals and health care facilities. Do not use your
device where prohibited.
l Some wireless devices may affect the performance of hearing aids or pacemakers. Consult
your service provider for more information.
l Pacemaker manufacturers recommend that a minimum distance of 15 cm be maintained
between a device and a pacemaker to prevent potential interference with the pacemaker. If
using a pacemaker, hold the device on the side opposite the pacemaker and do not carry the
device in your front pocket.
Protecting your hearing when using a headset
l
 To prevent possible hearing damage, do not listen at high volume levels for long periods.
l Using a headset at high volumes may damage your hearing. To reduce this risk, lower the
headset volume to a safe and comfortable level.
l Exposure to high volumes while driving may cause distraction and increase your risk of an
accident.
Areas with flammables and explosives
l Do not use the device where flammables or explosives are stored (in a gas station, oil depot,
or chemical plant, for example). Using your device in these environments increases the risk of
explosion or fire. In addition, follow the instructions indicated in text or symbols.
l Do not store or transport the device in containers with flammable liquids, gases, or explosives.
Traffic security
l Observe local laws and regulations while using the device. To reduce the risk of accidents, do
not use your wireless device while driving.
l Concentrate on driving. Your first responsibility is to drive safely.
l RF signals may affect the electronic systems of motor vehicles. For more information, consult
the vehicle manufacturer.
18

--- Page 21 ---
l Do not place the device over the air bag or in the air bag deployment area in a motor vehicle.
Doing so may hurt you because of the strong force when the air bag inflates.
l Wireless devices may interfere with the airplane's flight system. Do not use your device where
wireless devices are not allowed according to the airplane company's regulations.
Operating environment
l Avoid dusty, damp, or dirty environments. Avoid magnetic fields. Using the device in these
environments may result in circuit malfunctions.
l Do not use your device during thunderstorms to protect your device against any danger
caused by lightning.
l Ideal operating temperatures are 0 °C to 35 °C. Ideal storage temperatures are –10 °C to
+45 °C. Extreme heat or cold may damage your device or accessories.
l Do not expose your device to direct sunlight (such as on a car dashboard) for prolonged
periods.
l To protect your device or accessories from fire or electrical shock hazards, avoid rain and
moisture.
l Keep the device away from sources of heat and fire, such as a heater, microwave oven, stove,
water heater, radiator, or candle.
l Do not place sharp metal objects, such as pins, near the earpiece or speaker. The earpiece
may attract these objects and result in injury.
l Stop using your device or applications for a while if the device is overheated. If skin is exposed
to an overheated device for an extended period, low temperature burn symptoms, such as red
spots and darker pigmentation, may occur.
l Do not touch the device's antenna. Otherwise, communication quality may be reduced.
l Do not allow children or pets to bite or suck the device or accessories. Doing so may result in
damage or explosion.
l Observe local laws and regulations, and respect the privacy and legal rights of others.
Child's safety
l Comply with all precautions with regard to child's safety. Letting children play with the device or
its accessories may be dangerous. The device includes detachable parts that may present a
choking hazard. Keep away from children.
l The device and its accessories are not intended for use by children. Children should only use
the device with adult supervision.
Accessories
l Using an unapproved or incompatible power adapter, charger or battery may cause fire,
explosion or other hazards.
l Choose only accessories approved for use with this model by the device manufacturer. The
use of any other types of accessories may void the warranty, may violate local regulations and
Appendix
19

--- Page 22 ---
laws, and may be dangerous. Please contact your retailer for information about the availability
of approved accessories in your area.
Charger safety
l For pluggable devices, the socket-outlet shall be installed near the devices and shall be easily
accessible.
l Unplug the charger from electrical outlets and the device when not in use.
l Do not drop or cause an impact to the charger.
l If the power cable is damaged (for example, the cord is exposed or broken), or the plug
loosens, stop using it at once. Continued use may lead to electric shocks, short circuits, or fire.
l Do not touch the power cord with wet hands or pull the power cord to disconnect the charger.
l Do not touch the device or the charger with wet hands. Doing so may lead to short circuits,
malfunctions, or electric shocks.
l If your charger has been exposed to water, other liquids, or excessive moisture, take it to an
authorized service center for inspection.
l Ensure that the charger meets the requirements of Clause 2.5 in IEC60950-1/EN60950-1/
UL60950-1 and has been tested and approved according to national or local standards.
l Connect the device only to products with the USB-IF logo or with USB-IF compliance program
completion.
Battery safety
l Do not connect battery poles with conductors, such as keys, jewelry, or other metal materials.
Doing so may short-circuit the battery and cause injuries or burns.
l Keep the battery away from excessive heat and direct sunlight. Do not place it on or in heating
devices, such as microwave ovens, stoves, or radiators. Batteries may explode if overheated.
l Do not attempt to modify or remanufacture the battery, insert foreign objects into it, or immerse
or expose it to water or other liquids. Doing so may lead to fire, explosion, or other hazards.
l If the battery leaks, ensure that the electrolyte does not make direct contact with your skins or
eyes. If the electrolyte touches your skins or splashes into your eyes, immediately flush with
clean water and consult a doctor.
l In case of battery deformation, color change, or overheating while charging or storing,
immediately stop using the device and remove the battery. Continued use may lead to battery
leakage, fire, or explosion.
l Do not put batteries in fire as they may explode. Damaged batteries may also explode.
l Dispose of used batteries in accordance with local regulations. Improper battery use may lead
to fire, explosion, or other hazards.
l Do not allow children or pets to bite or suck the battery. Doing so may result in damage or
explosion.
l Do not smash or pierce the battery, or expose it to high external pressure. Doing so may lead
to a short circuit or overheating.
Appendix
20

--- Page 23 ---
l Do not drop the device or battery. If the device or battery is dropped, especially on a hard
surface, it may be damaged.
l If the device standby time shortens significantly, replace the battery.
l The device has a built-in, non-removable battery. Do not attempt to remove the battery,
otherwise the device may be damaged. To replace the battery, take the device to an authorized
service center.
l Use the battery only with a charging system that is IEEE-Std-1725 standard qualified. The use
of an unqualified battery or charger may lead to fire, explosion, leakage, or other hazards.
l Replace the battery only with an IEEE-Std-1725 standard qualified battery. The use of an
unqualified battery may lead to fire, explosion, leakage, or other hazards.
l Do not disassemble or open, crush, bend or deform, puncture or shred the battery. Otherwise,
it may lead to electrolyte leakage, overheating, fire, or explosion.
l Do not solder battery poles or dismantle the battery. Doing so may lead to electrolyte leakage,
excessive heat, fire, or explosion.
Cleaning and maintenance
l Keep the device and accessories dry. Do not attempt to dry it with an external heat source,
such as a microwave oven or hair dryer.
l Do not expose your device or accessories to extreme heat or cold. These environments may
interfere with proper function and may lead to fire or explosion.
l Avoid collision, which may lead to device malfunctions, overheating, fire, or explosion.
l Before you clean or maintain the device, stop using it, stop all applications, and disconnect all
cables connected to it.
l Do not use any chemical detergent, powder, or other chemical agents (such as alcohol and
benzene) to clean the device or accessories. These substances may cause damage to parts or
present a fire hazard. Use a clean, soft, and dry cloth to clean the device and accessories.
l Do not place magnetic stripe cards, such as credit cards and phone cards, near the device for
extended periods of time. Otherwise the magnetic stripe cards may be damaged.
l Do not dismantle or remanufacture the device and its accessories. This voids the warranty and
releases the manufacturer from liability for damage. In case of damage, contact an authorized
service center for assistance or repair.
l If the device screen is broken in a collision, immediately stop using the device. Do not touch or
attempt to remove the broken parts. Promptly contact an authorized service center.
Environmental protection
l The device and its accessories (if included), such as the power adapter, headset, and battery
should not be disposed of with household garbage.
l Disposal of the device and its accessories is subject to local regulations. Support proper
collection and recycling.
Appendix
21

--- Page 24 ---
Disposal and recycling information
The crossed-out wheeled-bin symbol on your product, battery, literature or packaging reminds
you that all electronic products and batteries must be taken to separate waste collection points
at the end of their working lives; they must not be disposed of in the normal waste stream with
household garbage. It is the responsibility of the user to dispose of the equipment using a
designated collection point or service for separate recycling of waste electrical and electronic
equipment (WEEE) and batteries according to local laws.
Proper collection and recycling of your equipment helps ensure electrical and electronic
equipment (EEE) waste is recycled in a manner that conserves valuable materials and protects
human health and the environment, improper handling, accidental breakage, damage, and/or
improper recycling at the end of its life may be harmful for health and environment. For more
information about where and how to drop off your EEE waste, please contact your local
authorities, retailer or household waste disposal service or visit the website http://
consumer.huawei.com/en/.
Reduction of hazardous substances
This device and any electrical accessories are compliant with local applicable rules on the
restriction of the use of certain hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment,
such as EU REACH, RoHS and Batteries (where included) regulations, etc. For declarations of
conformity about REACH and RoHS, please visit our web site http://consumer.huawei.com/
certification.
EU regulatory conformance
Body worn operation
The device complies with RF specifications when used at a distance of 0.0 cm from your body.
Ensure that the device accessories, such as a device case and device holster, are not
composed of metal components. Keep the device away from your body to meet the distance
requirement.
Certification information (SAR)
This device meets guidelines for exposure to radio waves.
Your device is a low-power radio transmitter and receiver. As recommended by international
guidelines, the device is designed not to exceed the limits for exposure to radio waves. These
guidelines were developed by the International Commission on Non-Ionizing Radiation
Protection (ICNIRP), an independent scientific organization, and include safety measures
designed to ensure the safety of all users, regardless of age and health.
The Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) is the unit of measurement for the amount of radio
frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a device. The SAR value is determined at
Appendix
22

--- Page 25 ---
the highest certified power level in laboratory conditions, but the actual SAR level during
operation can be well below the value. This is because the device is designed to use the
minimum power required to reach the network.
The SAR limit adopted by Europe is 2.0 W/kg averaged over 10 grams of tissue, and the highest
SAR value for this device complies with this limit.
The highest SAR value reported for this device type when tested in portable exposure conditions
is 0.94 W/kg.
Statement
Hereby, Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. declares that this device is in compliance with the
essential requirements and other relevant provisions of Directive 2014/53/EU.
The most recent and valid version of the DoC (Declaration of Conformity) can be viewed at
http://consumer.huawei.com/certification.
This device may be operated in all member states of the EU.
Observe national and local regulations where the device is used.
This device may be restricted for use, depending on the local network.
Restrictions in the 2.4 GHz band:
Norway: This subsection does not apply for the geographical area within a radius of 20 km from
the centre of Ny-Ålesund.
Restrictions in the 5 GHz band:
According to Article 10 (10) of Directive 2014/53/EU, the packaging shows that this radio
equipment will be subject to some restrictions when placed on the market in Belgium (BE),
Bulgaria (BG), the Czech Republic (CZ), Denmark (DK), Germany (DE), Estonia (EE), Ireland
(IE), Greece (EL), Spain (ES), France (FR), Croatia (HR), Italy (IT), Cyprus (CY), Latvia (LV),
Lithuania (LT), Luxembourg (LU), Hungary (HU), Malta (MT), Netherlands (NL), Austria (AT),
Poland (PL), Portugal (PT), Romania (RO), Slovenia (SI), Slovakia (SK), Finland (FI), Sweden
(SE), the United Kingdom (UK), Turkey (TR), Norway (NO), Switzerland (CH), Iceland (IS), and
Liechtenstein (LI).
The WLAN function for this device is restricted to indoor use only when operating in the 5150 to
5350 MHz frequency range.
Frequency Bands and Power
(a) Frequency bands in which the radio equipment operates: Some bands may not be available
in all countries or all areas. Please contact the local carrier for more details.
(b) Maximum radio-frequency power transmitted in the frequency bands in which the radio
equipment operates: The maximum power for all bands is less than the highest limit value
specified in the related Harmonized Standard.
Appendix
23

--- Page 26 ---
The frequency bands and transmitting power (radiated and/or conducted) nominal limits
applicable to this radio equipment are as follows: Bluetooth: 20 dBm Wi-Fi 2.4G: 20 dBm Wi-Fi
5G: 5150-5350: 23 dBm, 5470-5725: 30dBm.
Accessories and Software Information
Some accessories are optional in certain countries or regions. Optional accessories can be
purchased from a licensed vendor as required. The following accessories are recommended:
Adapters: HW-190340X00 (X represents the different plug types used, which can be either C, U,
J, E, B, A, I, R, Z or K, depending on your region)
Batteries: HB46K497ECW
The product software version is PAIKU052. Software updates will be released by the
manufacturer to fix bugs or enhance functions after the product has been released. All software
versions released by the manufacturer have been verified and are still compliant with the related
rules.
All RF parameters (for example, frequency range and output power) are not accessible to the
user, and cannot be changed by the user.
For the most recent information about accessories and software, please see the DoC
(Declaration of Conformity) at http://consumer.huawei.com/certification.
FCC Regulatory Compliance
Body worn operation
The device complies with RF specifications when used at a distance of 0.0 cm from your body.
Ensure that the device accessories, such as a device case and device holster, are not
composed of metal components. Keep the device away from your body to meet the distance
requirement.
Certification information (SAR)
This device is also designed to meet the requirements for exposure to radio waves established
by the Federal Communications Commission (USA).
The SAR limit adopted by the USA is 1.6 W/kg averaged over one gram of tissue. The highest
SAR value reported to the FCC for this device type complies with this limit.
The highest SAR value reported to the FCC for this device type when using in portable exposure
conditions is 1.16 W/kg.
FCC statement
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device,
pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable
protection against harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates,
uses and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with
the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. However, there is no
guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause
Appendix
24

--- Page 27 ---
harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the
equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of
the following measures:
--Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
--Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
--Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is
connected.
--Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two
conditions: (1) this device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept
any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired operation.
Caution: Any changes or modifications to this device not expressly approved by Huawei
Technologies Co., Ltd. for compliance could void the user's authority to operate the equipment.
Restrictions in the 5 GHz band:
Within the 5.15 to 5.25 GHz band, UNII devices will be restricted to indoor operations to reduce
any potential for harmful interference to co-channel Mobile Satellite System (MSS) operations.
Personal Information and Data Security
The use of some functions or third-party applications on your device could result in your
personal information and data being lost or becoming accessible to others. Use the following
measures to help you protect your personal information:
l Put your device in a safe place to prevent unauthorized use.
l Set your device screen to lock and set a password or unlock pattern.
l Periodically back up personal information stored on your memory card, or your device memory.
If you change to a different device, be sure to move or delete any personal information on your
old device.
l Do not open messages or emails from strangers to prevent your device from becoming
infected with a virus.
l When using your device to browse the Internet, do not visit websites that might pose a security
risk to avoid your personal information from being stolen.
l If you use services such as the portable Wi-Fi hotspot or Bluetooth, set passwords for these
services to prevent unauthorized access. Turn these services off when they are not in use.
l Install device security software and regularly scan for viruses.
l Be sure to obtain third-party applications from a legitimate source. Downloaded third-party
applications should be scanned for viruses.
l Install security software or patches released by Huawei or authorized third-party application
providers.
Appendix
25

--- Page 28 ---
l Using unauthorized third-party software to update your device may damage your device or put
your personal information at risk. It is recommended that you update through your device's
online update feature or download official update packages for your device model from
Huawei.
l Some applications require and transmit location information. As a result, a third-party may be
able to share your location information.
l Some third-party application providers may collect detection and diagnostic information on
your device to improve their products and services.
Legal Notice
Copyright © Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. 2017. All rights reserved.
No part of this manual may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without
prior written consent of Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. and its affiliates ("Huawei").
The product described in this manual may include copyrighted software of Huawei and possible
licensors. Customers shall not in any manner reproduce, distribute, modify, decompile,
disassemble, decrypt, extract, reverse engineer, lease, assign, or sublicense the said software,
unless such restrictions are prohibited by applicable laws or such actions are approved by
respective copyright holders.
Trademarks and Permissions
,  , and   are trademarks or registered trademarks of Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.
Manufactured under license from Dolby Laboratories. Dolby and the double-D symbol are
registered trademarks of Dolby Laboratories.
The Bluetooth
®
 word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by Bluetooth SIG, Inc.
and any use of such marks by Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. is under license.
Wi-Fi
®
, the Wi-Fi CERTIFIED logo, and the Wi-Fi logo are trademarks of Wi-Fi Alliance.
HDMI, the HDMI Logo, and High-Definition Multimedia Interface are trademarks or registered
trademarks of HDMI Licensing LLC in the United States and other countries.
Microsoft and Windows are trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies.
ENERGY STAR
®
 MARK
For information related to ENERGY STAR
®
, please visit the website www.energystar.gov.
Other trademarks, product, service and company names mentioned may be the property of their
respective owners.
Notice
Some features of the product and its accessories described herein rely on the software installed,
capacities and settings of local network, and therefore may not be activated or may be limited by
local network operators or network service providers.
Appendix
26

--- Page 29 ---
Thus, the descriptions herein may not exactly match the product or its accessories which you
purchase.
Huawei reserves the right to change or modify any information or specifications contained in this
manual without prior notice and without any liability.
Third-Party Software Statement
Huawei does not own the intellectual property of the third-party software and applications that
are delivered with this product. Therefore, Huawei will not provide any warranty of any kind for
third party software and applications. Neither will Huawei provide support to customers who use
third-party software and applications, nor be responsible or liable for the functions or
performance of third-party software and applications.
Third-party software and applications services may be interrupted or terminated at any time, and
Huawei does not guarantee the availability of any content or service. Third-party service
providers provide content and services through network or transmission tools outside of the
control of Huawei. To the greatest extent permitted by applicable law, it is explicitly stated that
Huawei shall not compensate or be liable for services provided by third-party service providers,
or the interruption or termination of third-party contents or services.
Huawei shall not be responsible for the legality, quality, or any other aspects of any software
installed on this product, or for any uploaded or downloaded third-party works in any form,
including but not limited to texts, images, videos, or software etc. Customers shall bear the risk
for any and all effects, including incompatibility between the software and this product, which
result from installing software or uploading or downloading the third-party works.
DISCLAIMER
ALL CONTENTS OF THIS MANUAL ARE PROVIDED "AS IS". EXCEPT AS REQUIRED BY
APPLICABLE LAWS, NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE MADE IN RELATION TO THE
ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR CONTENTS OF THIS MANUAL.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL
HUAWEI BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES, OR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS, REVENUE, DATA, GOODWILL SAVINGS OR
ANTICIPATED SAVINGS REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH LOSSES ARE FORSEEABLE
OR NOT.
THE MAXIMUM LIABILITY (THIS LIMITATION SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR
PERSONAL INJURY TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH A LIMITATION)
OF HUAWEI ARISING FROM THE USE OF THE PRODUCT DESCRIBED IN THIS MANUAL
SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID BY CUSTOMERS FOR THE PURCHASE OF
THIS PRODUCT.
Appendix
27

--- Page 30 ---
Import and Export Regulations
Customers shall comply with all applicable export or import laws and regulations and be
responsible to obtain all necessary governmental permits and licenses in order to export, re-
export or import the product mentioned in this manual including the software and technical data
therein.
Privacy Policy
To better understand how we protect your personal information, please see the privacy policy at
http://consumer.huawei.com/privacy-policy.
ENERGY STAR
®
 model information
ENERGY STAR is a U.S. Environmental Protection Agency voluntary program that
helps businesses and individuals save money and protect our climate through superior energy
efficiency. For information related to ENERGY STAR, please visit the website
www.energystar.gov.
The following machine types have been designed and tested to conform to the ENERGY STAR
program requirement for computers at the time of manufacture.
Model: PL-W09，PL-W19，PL-W29
Huawei has preset the following power-management features to take effect when your device
has been inactive for a specified duration:
List of power management settings
Power plan
Balanced (When plugged in):
l Turn off display: After 10 minutes
l Put the computer to sleep: After 30 minutes
Advanced power settings (When plugged in):
l Turn off hard disk drives: After 20 minutes
l Hibernate: After 180 minutes
To awaken your computer device from sleep mode, press any key on the keyboard.
To change power settings, follow these steps:
1 Right-click on Start to open Power Options.
2 Follow the on-screen instructions.
Appendix
28

--- Page 31 ---
This guide is for reference only. The actual product, including but not limited to the color, 
size, and screen layout, may vary. All statements, information, and recommendations in this 
guide do not constitute a warranty of any kind, express or implied.   
903792_01

