Brand: HUAWEI
Model: Matebook 13S
URL: https://www.manua.ls/huawei/matebook-13s/manual
Total Pages: 31
============================================================

--- Page 2 ---
Contents
Get to know your computer
Appearance
1
Powering on and o
2
Keyboard
3
Touchpad
4
Charging the computer
6
Getting started
Step 1: Connecting to a network
8
Step 2: Activating Windows
8
Step 3: Enrolling a ngerprint
8
Step 4: Updating the drivers
9
Highlighted features
Huawei Share
10
Finger Gesture Screenshot (supported by some touchscreen
models)
10
Eye Comfort mode
11
F10 factory reset (not available in some regions)
12
Accessories and extensions
MateDock (optional)
13
Connecting a TV, monitor, or projector
14
Connecting a USB mouse, printer, or other device
16
Bluetooth mouse (optional)
16
FAQs
Safety information
Personal Information and Data Security
Legal Notice
i

--- Page 3 ---
Get to know your computer
Appearance
Keyboard layout varies by country or region. Actual product may dier.
 
21
3
4
5
7
8
1110
9
6
6 6
9
Huawei Share
1 Hidden ambient light sensor
Detects ambient light to automatically adjust screen brightness.
Do not cover the ambient light sensor. If you need to use a screen protector,
choose one with a purpose-built hole for the ambient light sensor.
2 Camera
Can be used to take photos or make video chats.
3 Camera indicator
Indicates the camera's status. Lights up steady white when the camera is active.
4 Display
Displays the computer desktop.
5 Fingerprint power button
After enrolling a ngerprint, simply press the power button with the enrolled nger
to power on and unlock the computer without having to enter a password.
6 Speaker x 4
The speakers output sound.
Two of the speakers are located under the keyboard.
1

--- Page 4 ---
7 Touchpad
• Provides similar functionality to a mouse. A convenient way to control the
computer.
• Tap the NFC detection area on some Huawei phones against the Huawei Share
sensor on the computer to use the Huawei Share feature.
Huawei Share sensor is located approximately in the center of the touchpad. It is
not externally visible.
To learn more, visit our ocial website:
https://consumer.huawei.com/en/support/huaweisharewelcome/
8 Microphone x 4
The computer is equipped with four microphones which can better capture sound or
voices when used with audio processing apps.
9 USB-C (USB 3.2 Gen 1) port
• Connects the power adapter to charge the computer.
• Connects external displays such as monitors and projectors via a docking station.
• Connects to mobile phones, USB drives, and other external devices to transfer
data.
10 Headset jack
Connects to a headset.
11 Charging indicator
Indicates the battery's charge status when charging:
• Blinks white when charging.
• Steady white when the computer is fully charged and stops charging.
Powering on and o
When powering on the computer for the rst time, connect the power adapter, and the
computer will power on automatically. The computer will enter the startup screen shortly
after the screen lights up.
When the computer is powered o, press the Power button until the screen or keyboard
lights up to power on or wake the computer.
Get to know your computer
2

--- Page 5 ---
When using the computer, click   >   to sleep, shut down, or restart the computer.
Press and hold the power button for approximately 10 seconds to force shutdown the
computer. Force shutdowns may cause unsaved data to be lost. Use with caution.
Keyboard
Keyboard keys may vary depending on your device model.
Shortcut keys
The F keys, such as F1 and F2, are used as shortcut keys (hotkeys) by default to allow you to
easily perform common actions.
Decrease screen brightness.
Increase screen brightness.
Enable, disable, or adjust the brightness of the keyboard backlight.
If there is no   icon on the key, the keyboard does not have a
backlight.
Mute or unmute.
Decrease the volume.
Increase the volume.
Enable or disable the microphone.
Switch projection mode.
Enable or disable Wi-Fi.
Open PC Manager.
Launch the dictation feature provided by the system, which is the
same as by pressing the Windows key and H.
Switching between shortcut and function key modes
Get to know your computer
3

--- Page 6 ---
In function key mode, the F keys have dierent functions depending on the software that is
running.
To use the F keys as function keys, you can:
• Press the Fn key and the indicator will light up. The F keys will then work as function keys.
To return to shortcut key (hotkey) mode, press the Fn key then the indicator will turn o.
• To make the F keys work as function keys by default, open PC Manager and go to Settings
> System Settings to enable Function key priority. To switch back to hotkey mode, enable
Hotkey priority.
Touchpad
The touchpad provides similar functionality to a mouse and is a convenient way to control
the computer.
Not all gestures are available in all apps.
Common touchpad gestures
Tap with one nger: Left-click.
Tap twice with one nger: Double-click.
Slide with one nger: Move the cursor.
Press the left touchpad button: Left-click.
Press the right touchpad button: Right-click.
Get to know your computer
4

--- Page 7 ---
Tap with two ngers: Right-click.
Slide up or down with two ngers: Scroll up or down.
Pinch in or stretch out with two ngers: Zoom in or out.
Tap with three ngers: Open search.
Slide up with three ngers: See all open windows.
Slide down with three ngers: Show the desktop.
Slide left or right with three ngers: Switch between open
windows.
Tap with four ngers: Open action center.
Get to know your computer
5

--- Page 8 ---
Modify touchpad settings
You can modify touchpad settings to suit your own preferences.
1 Click   >   to open Settings.
2 On the Settings screen, click  , then click   to:
• Enable or disable the touchpad.
• Automatically enable or disable the touchpad when a mouse is connected.
• Change the touchpad scroll direction.
•
Congure touchpad gestures.
Charging the computer
The computer will display a prompt when the battery is running low. If you see this prompt,
charge your computer as soon as possible or it will aect your normal use.
Charging the computer with a power adapter
The computer features a non-removable rechargeable battery. Connect the power adapter
and charging cable to charge the computer. The battery charges more quickly when the
computer is powered o or in Sleep mode.
 
Safety information
• Charge the computer at room temperature in a well-ventilated, shaded area. Charging the
computer in hot environments may damage the internal components.
• Charging duration may vary based on the ambient temperature and battery use.
• It is normal for the computer to become warm after prolonged use or charging. If it
becomes hot to the touch, disable non-essential features and disconnect the charger.
• The battery is subject to wear over time. If the computer's standby time appears to have
fallen, do not attempt to replace the battery by yourself. Instead, take the computer and
proof of purchase to an authorized Huawei Customer Service Center for assistance.
Battery status
Get to know your computer
6

--- Page 9 ---
The battery status is indicated by the battery icon in the taskbar.
: Indicates that the charger is connected. Click   to view the estimated charging time.
: Indicates that the charger is not connected. Click   to view the battery percentage
and battery time.
The charging time and remaining battery life displayed are estimated by the operating
system. The actual time may vary.
Get to know your computer
7

--- Page 10 ---
Getting started
Step 1: Connecting to a network
Click   in the lower right corner of the desktop. Select a Wi-Fi network and follow the
instructions to establish a connection.
 
Step 2: Activating Windows
Windows will activate automatically when you connect to the Internet for the rst time. Click
 >   >   >   to check if Windows has been activated.
If Windows cannot be activated, restart the computer, connect to the network, and try again.
If the issue persists, connect to a dierent network or wait a while before trying again.
If Windows is not activated, some features on your computer may be restricted.
Step 3: Enrolling a ngerprint
If you skipped the ngerprint enrollment process during the initial setup, click   >   >
 >  . Select Windows Hello Fingerprint, then follow the instructions to enroll your
ngerprint.
• Ensure that your ngertips are clean and dry, or your ngerprint may not be enrolled
correctly.
• Each user can enroll up to 10 ngerprints.
 
8

--- Page 11 ---
Step 4: Updating the drivers
You can manage drivers in PC Manager. If driver updates are available, follow the instructions
to complete the updates.
Check and update your drivers regularly to improve the stability and performance of the
computer.
Getting started
9

--- Page 12 ---
Highlighted features
Huawei Share
More than just a tap: Project a virtual version of your phone on the laptop. Control apps and
les on your phone easily using your laptop. Drag to transfer les instantly between the two
and share clipboards.
• Multi-Screen Collaboration: Easily access phone apps and les on the computer, as well as
answer voice and video calls to your phone. Drag and drop to transfer les between your
phone and computer.
• Sharing les: Tap your phone on the computer to share les. Shake your phone to record
the computer screen.
• Sync data: Copy content from your phone to the computer and vice versa with a shared
clipboard. Updated les on your phone can also be automatically synced to the computer.
For detailed instructions, visit our ocial website:
https://consumer.huawei.com/en/support/huaweisharewelcome/
 
Finger Gesture Screenshot (supported by some
touchscreen models)
Use Finger Gesture Screenshot to capture a window, the whole screen, or a selection of the
screen.
• Some touchscreen computers with PC Manager 9.1 or later support Finger Gesture
Screenshot.
• When using Finger Gesture Screenshot for the rst time, you must open PC Manager
and agree to the User Agreement.
10

--- Page 13 ---
1 Slide down with three ngers on the touchscreen. The screen will dim, and blue guidelines
will appear on the screen.
 
2 Use any of the gestures below to take a screenshot. If the gesture is not recognized, a
screenshot will not be taken, but you will remain in the screenshot interface.
•
 Selection: Draw a diagonal line to capture a rectangular area.
•
 Window: Draw a diagonal line across a window to capture the window.
•  Screen: Touch the screen with one nger to capture the whole screen.
•  Custom: Draw an enclosed area to capture that part of the screen.
Eye Comfort mode
Enable Eye Comfort mode when using the computer for prolonged periods to prevent eye
strain and fatigue.
Right-click any empty space on the desktop, click  , and enable Eye Comfort.
The screen will have a slightly yellow hue when Eye Comfort mode is enabled.
Highlighted features
11

--- Page 14 ---
F10 factory reset (not available in some regions)
The computer's built-in F10 factory reset feature can quickly restore your computer to its
initial or factory state.
• All data on the C drive will be deleted during a factory reset. Make sure to back up
your data before proceeding.
• This feature is not available in some countries and regions.
1 Connect the computer to the power adapter. Then, press the Power button, and press F10
for multiple times constantly or hold F10 to access the restore screen.
2 Follow the instructions to perform a factory reset.
Highlighted features
12

--- Page 15 ---
Accessories and extensions
MateDock (optional)
Use the MateDock to connect your computer to external devices such as projectors, TVs, and
USB drives.
The MateDock is an optional accessory and is sold separately.
Getting to know HUAWEI MateDock 2
 
USB-A
HDMI   VGA    USB-C
USB-C
USB-C cable Connects to the USB-C port on the computer.
USB-A port Connects to USB devices, such as a USB mouse, keyboard, USB drive, or
network adapter.
HDMI port Connects to HDMI displays, such as a TV.
VGA port Connects to VGA displays, such as a monitor.
USB-C port Connects to USB-C devices.
Getting to know HUAWEI MateDock 3
13

--- Page 16 ---
VGA  HDMI  
microSD  USB-A
USB-A  LAN
Micro SD
USB-C cable Connects to the USB-C port on the computer.
microSD slot Supports 4K data transfers to Class 10 microSD cards.
USB-A port x 2 Connects to USB devices, such as a USB mouse, keyboard, USB drive, or
network adapter.
USB-C charging
port
Charges USB-C devices. Does not support data transfer.
VGA port Connects to VGA displays, such as a monitor.
HDMI port Connects to HDMI displays, such as a TV.
Ethernet port Connects to ethernet cables.
Connecting a TV, monitor, or projector
Connect the computer to an external display such as a TV, monitor, or projector when
watching movies or giving presentations.
Accessories and extensions
14

--- Page 17 ---
• In addition to the computer, MateDock, and external display, you will also need a
HDMI or VGA cable.
• Check the type of port on the external display before connecting.
• The method for connecting the computer to an external display via HDMI and VGA are
approximately the same. The instructions below are for connecting via HUAWEI
MateDock 2.
• The HDMI and VGA ports cannot be used simultaneously.
 
1 As shown in the gure, connect the computer to a TV, monitor, or projector using a
MateDock.
2 Connect the external display to a power supply and turn it on.
3 Press the   key in hotkey mode, or click   >   in the lower right corner of the
desktop to open the projection options. Then, select a projection mode.
•
: Only displays the desktop on the computer. Nothing is shown on the external display.
Accessories and extensions
15

--- Page 18 ---
• : Duplicates the desktop to the external display.
• : Extends the desktop to the external display. Items can be moved between both
screens.
• : Only displays the desktop on the external display. Nothing is shown on the computer
screen.
Connecting a USB mouse, printer, or other device
Use the USB-A port on the MateDock to connect USB devices such as mice, printers,
scanners, and external hard drives.
Connecting a USB device
1 Connect the device's USB cable to the USB-A port on the MateDock.
2 If the device requires a power supply, connect it before powering it on.
3 The computer will automatically install all required drivers when you connect a USB
device for the rst time.
Viewing connected devices
1 Click   to open the Start menu.
2 Click   >   to view all connected devices.
Bluetooth mouse (optional)
Huawei Bluetooth mouses can be connected to the computer using Bluetooth. When using
the Bluetooth mouse for the rst time, you need to pair it with the computer.
Getting to know the Bluetooth mouse
The Bluetooth mouse is an optional accessory and is sold separately.
 
5
6
3
2
1
4
1 Left button 2 Scroll wheel + Middle button
3 Right button 4
LED indicator
If the indicator blinks red, the battery is low on power
and should be replaced.
Accessories and extensions
16

--- Page 19 ---
5 Sensor 6 Power/Bluetooth pairing switch
Install the battery
As illustrated below, remove the battery cover from the mark located at the bottom end of
the mouse. Insert one AA battery, making sure to match the + and - signs in the battery
compartment. Close the cover.
 
Pairing
 
Mouse
1 Toggle the Bluetooth pairing switch at the bottom of the mouse to   for approximately 3
seconds. Once the indicator starts blinking, the Bluetooth mouse is ready to pair.
2 On the computer, click   >   >   then click   to add Bluetooth devices. Select
Huawei Mouse in the available device list and wait a moment for pairing to nish.
Getting to know the HUAWEI Bluetooth Mouse (2nd Generation)
The HUAWEI Bluetooth Mouse (2nd Generation) is an optional accessory and is sold
separately.
 
123
2
5
4
1
3
6
7
8
1 Left button 2 Scroll wheel + Middle button
3 Right button 4
LED indicator
The indicator will blink red to indicate that the battery
level is low and the battery needs to be changed.
5 Sensor 6 Power button
Accessories and extensions
17

--- Page 20 ---
7
Multi-device
switch but
ton
8 Multi-device indicators
Install the battery
 
Open the upper shell along the mark on the back of the mouse, insert an AA battery into the
bat
tery compartment, and close the upper shell.
Pairing
 
123
HUAWEI Mouse
123
You need to pair the mouse with Bluetooth devices before using it. A maximum of three
Bluetooth devic
es can be connected.
1 Flip down the Power switch at the bottom of the mouse to power it on.
2 Press and hold the Multi-device switch button for 3 seconds. A Multi-device indicator will
then blink quickly and the mouse will be ready for pairing. (When you pair the mouse for
the rst time, you do not need to press and hold the Multi-device switch button. After the
mouse is po
wered on, a Multi-device indicator will blink quickly and the mouse will
automatically be ready for pairing.)
3 Start pairing on a Bluetooth device, select the name of the mouse, and follow the
onscreen instructions to nish pairing.
4 Pr
ess the Multi-device switch button for the corresponding Multi-device indicator to turn
on. Then press and hold the Multidevice switch button for 3 seconds and perform the
preceding steps to pair with other Bluetooth devices.
The mouse only supports Microsoft Windows 10, Microsoft Windows 8.1, macOS 10.10,
iOS 13.1, HarmonyOS 2, Andr
oid 5.0 or their later versions, and Linux. (Some Android
and macOS/iOS models may have compatibility issues.)
Using
Press the Multi-device switch button to switch between multiple Bluetooth devices.
Accessories and extensions
18

--- Page 21 ---
FAQs
?
 Power button does not work
Problem: The computer does not power on when pressing the power button quickly. It only
powers on if the power button is held for some time.
Cause: The power button has an integrated ngerprint sensor. The button must be held for
sucient time for the ngerprint to be read before it can be powered on and unlocked.
Solution: Press the power button until the screen or keyboard indicator lights up to power on
the computer.
?
 Blue screen, blank screen, or ashing screen after updating Windows
Problem: A blue screen, blank screen, or ashing screen occurs after updating Windows.
Cause: This could be due to the updated version of Windows being incompatible with some
computer drivers or installed third-party software.
Solution:
1 Open PC Manager and install available driver updates.
2 If you have installed apps from non-ocial sources, install them from an ocial channel
instead, or replace them with other apps.
3 If the issue persists, connect the computer to the power adapter. Then, press the Power
button, and press F10 for multiple times constantly or hold F10 to access the restore
screen. Follow the instructions to perform a factory reset.
• All data on the C drive will be deleted during a factory reset. Make sure to back up
your data before proceeding.
• This feature is not available in some countries and regions.
4 If the issue persists after a factory reset, back up all data on the computer, then take the
computer and proof of purchase to a Huawei Customer Service Center for a checkup. If
you have just purchased the computer, you can contact the dealer or seller for assistance.
?
Computer is hot and fan is loud
Some computers have a fanless design.
Problem 1: When connecting to the Internet for the rst time, the computer fan spins loudly,
and the computer starts to heat up.
Cause: This is caused by Windows updating the system in the background, and does not
indicate a problem with the computer.
Solution: Once the update is complete, the fan speed and computer temperature will return
to normal.
Problem 2: When charging the computer, the computer fan spins loudly, and the computer
starts to heat up.
19

--- Page 22 ---
Cause: The CPU, charging module, and other parts consume more power while charging,
causing the computer to heat up and become more noisy.
Solution:
Close all open apps, then open PC Manager to check the CPU's power consumption. If it is
higher than 3 W, try the following methods:
1 Use the default Balanced power mode: Go to   >   >   >  , change the plan in
other settings, then follow the onscreen instructions to change the settings for when to
turn o the display and when to put the computer to sleep.
2 End processes with high CPU usage: Right-click the taskbar and open Task Manager. On
the Processes tab, click CPU to sort processes based on CPU usage. Right-click non-system
processes with high CPU usage that you are not currently using, and select End task.
3 Open PC Manager and install available driver updates.
Problem 3: The computer fan spins loudly, and the computer starts to heat up even when
not many apps are open.
Cause: Some third-party apps are 
congured to run when you log in. These apps connect to
the Internet and run in the background, causing the computer to heat up and the fan to spin
loudly.
Solution: Right-click the taskbar and open Task Manager. On the Processes tab, click CPU to
sort processes based on CPU usage. Right-click non-system processes with high CPU usage
that you are not currently using, and select End task.
?
 Unable to connect to Wi-Fi
Problem: When trying to connect to a Wi-Fi network, the   icon is missing in the lower
right corner of the desktop.
Cause: A Windows update or third-party app may have installed an incompatible Wi-Fi driver
or caused the Wi-Fi driver to be lost.
Solution: Go to C:\Windows\OriginalDriver\WiDriver and double-click the installer to re-
install the Wi-Fi driver.
?
 Unable to connect to Bluetooth device
Problem: Bluetooth device does not show up in the list of discovered devices.
Cause: There may be too many Bluetooth devices nearby causing interference. This may also
occur when the Bluetooth device is already connected to another device.
Solution:
1 Make sure that the Bluetooth device is turned on and discoverable. The method for
entering discoverable mode varies between dierent Bluetooth devices. Refer to the
manufacturer's instructions for the correct method.
FAQs
20

--- Page 23 ---
• Most Bluetooth devices enter discoverable mode after being turned on if they are
being used for the rst time. Discoverable mode may need to be manually enabled on
other Bluetooth devices.
• If the Bluetooth device is already connected to another device, discoverable mode must
be manually enabled.
2 To add a Bluetooth device: Click   >   >  , and select Bluetooth & other devices.
Click  , then follow the instructions to connect to the Bluetooth device.
FAQs
21

--- Page 24 ---
Safety information
This section contains important information about the operation of your device. It also
contains information about how to use the device safely. Read this information carefully
before using your device.
Electronic device
Do not use your device if using the device is prohibited. Do not use the device if doing so
causes danger or interference with other electronic devices.
Interference with medical equipment
• Follow rules and regulations set forth by hospitals and health care facilities. Do not use
your device where prohibited.
• Some wireless devices may aect the performance of hearing aids or pacemakers. Consult
your service provider for more information.
• Pacemaker manufacturers recommend that a minimum distance of 15 cm be maintained
between a device and a pacemaker to prevent potential interference with the pacemaker. If
using a pacemaker, hold the device on the side opposite the pacemaker and do not carry
the device in your front pocket.
Protecting your hearing when using a headset
•  To prevent possible hearing damage, do not listen at high volume levels for long
periods.
• Using a headset at high volumes may damage your hearing. To reduce this risk, lower the
headset volume to a safe and comfortable level.
• Exposure to high volumes while driving may cause distraction and increase your risk of an
accident.
Areas with ammables and explosives
• Do not use the device where ammables or explosives are stored (in a gas station, oil
depot, or chemical plant, for example). Using your device in these environments increases
the risk of explosion or re. In addition, follow the instructions indicated in text or symbols.
• Do not store or transport the device in containers with ammable liquids, gases, or
explosives.
Trac security
• Observe local laws and regulations while using the device. To reduce the risk of accidents,
do not use your wireless device while driving.
• Concentrate on driving. Your rst responsibility is to drive safely.
• RF signals may aect the electronic systems of motor vehicles. For more information,
consult the vehicle manufacturer.
22

--- Page 25 ---
• Do not place the device over the air bag or in the air bag deployment area in a motor
vehicle. Doing so may hurt you because of the strong force when the air bag inates.
• Wireless devices may interfere with the airplane's ight system. Do not use your device
where wireless devices are not allowed according to the airplane company's regulations.
Operating environment
• Avoid dusty, damp, or dirty environments. Avoid magnetic elds. Using the device in these
environments may result in circuit malfunctions.
• Do not use your device during thunderstorms to protect your device against any danger
caused by lightning.
• Ideal operating temperatures are 0 °C to 35 °C. Ideal storage temperatures are -10 °C to
+45 °C. Extreme heat or cold may damage your device or accessories.
• Do not expose your device to direct sunlight (such as on a car dashboard) for prolonged
periods.
• To protect your device or accessories from re or electrical shock hazards, avoid rain and
moisture.
• Keep the device away from sources of heat and re, such as a heater, microwave oven,
stove, water heater, radiator, or candle.
• Stop using your device or applications for a while if the device is overheated. If skin is
exposed to an overheated device for an extended period, low temperature burn symptoms,
such as red spots and darker pigmentation, may occur.
• Do not allow children or pets to bite or suck the device or accessories. Doing so may result
in damage or explosion.
• Observe local laws and regulations, and respect the privacy and legal rights of others.
Child's safety
• Comply with all precautions with regard to child's safety. Letting children play with the
device or its accessories may be dangerous. The device includes detachable parts that may
present a choking hazard. Keep away from children.
• The device and its accessories are not intended for use by children. Children should only use
the device with adult supervision.
Accessories
• Using an unapproved or incompatible power adapter, charger or battery may cause re,
explosion or other hazards.
• Choose only accessories approved for use with this model by the device manufacturer. The
use of any other types of accessories may void the warranty, may violate local regulations
and laws, and may be dangerous. Please contact your retailer for information about the
availability of approved accessories in your area.
Safety information
23

--- Page 26 ---
Charger safety
• For pluggable devices, the socket-outlet shall be installed near the devices and shall be
easily accessible.
• Unplug the charger from electrical outlets and the device when not in use.
• Do not drop or cause an impact to the charger.
• If the power cable is damaged (for example, the cord is exposed or broken), or the plug
loosens, stop using it at once. Continued use may lead to electric shocks, short circuits, or
re.
• Do not touch the power cord with wet hands or pull the power cord to disconnect the
charger.
• Do not touch the device or the charger with wet hands. Doing so may lead to short circuits,
malfunctions, or electric shocks.
• Ensure that the power adaptor meets the requirements of Annex Q of IEC/EN 62368-1 and
has been tested and approved according to national or local standards.
• Connect the device only to products with the USB-IF logo or with USB-IF compliance
program completion.
Battery safety
• Do not connect battery poles with conductors, such as keys, jewelry, or other metal
materials. Doing so may short-circuit the battery and cause injuries or burns.
• Keep the battery away from excessive heat and direct sunlight. Do not place it on or in
heating devices, such as microwave ovens, stoves, or radiators. Batteries may explode if
overheated.
• Do not attempt to modify or remanufacture the battery, insert foreign objects into it, or
immerse or expose it to water or other liquids. Doing so may lead to re, explosion, or
other hazards.
• If the battery leaks, ensure that the electrolyte does not make direct contact with your skins
or eyes. If the electrolyte touches your skins or splashes into your eyes, immediately ush
with clean water and consult a doctor.
• In case of battery deformation, color change, or overheating while charging or storing,
immediately stop using the device and remove the battery. Continued use may lead to
battery leakage, re, or explosion.
• Do not put batteries in re as they may explode. Damaged batteries may also explode.
• Dispose of used batteries in accordance with local regulations. Improper battery use may
lead to re, explosion, or other hazards.
• Do not allow children or pets to bite or suck the battery. Doing so may result in damage or
explosion.
• Do not smash or pierce the battery, or expose it to high external pressure. Doing so may
lead to a short circuit or overheating.
Safety information
24

--- Page 27 ---
• Do not drop the device or battery. If the device or battery is dropped, especially on a hard
surface, it may be damaged.
• If the device standby time shortens signicantly, replace the battery.
• This device contains a built-in battery. Do not attempt to replace the battery by yourself.
Otherwise, the device may not run properly or it may damage the battery. For your
personal safety and to ensure that your device runs properly, you are strongly advised to
contact a Huawei authorized service center for a replacement.
Cleaning and maintenance
• Keep the device and accessories dry. Do not attempt to dry it with an external heat source,
such as a microwave oven or hair dryer.
• Do not expose your device or accessories to extreme heat or cold. These environments may
interfere with proper function and may lead to re or explosion.
• Avoid collision, which may lead to device malfunctions, overheating, re, or explosion.
• Before you clean or maintain the device, stop using it, stop all applications, and disconnect
all cables connected to it.
• Do not use any chemical detergent, powder, or other chemical agents (such as alcohol and
benzene) to clean the device or accessories. These substances may cause damage to parts
or present a 
re hazard. Use a clean, soft, and dry cloth to clean the device and accessories.
• Do not place magnetic stripe cards, such as credit cards and phone cards, near the device
for extended periods of time. Otherwise the magnetic stripe cards may be damaged.
• Do not dismantle or remanufacture the device and its accessories. This voids the warranty
and releases the manufacturer from liability for damage. In case of damage, contact a
Huawei authorized service center for assistance or repair.
• If the device screen is broken in a collision, immediately stop using the device. Do not touch
or attempt to remove the broken parts. Promptly contact a Huawei authorized service
center.
Disposal and recycling information
The symbol on the product, battery, literature, or packaging means that the products and
batteries should be taken to separate waste collection points designated by local authorities
at the end of the lifespan. This will ensure that EEE waste is recycled and treated in a manner
that conserves valuable materials and protects human health and the environment.
For more information, please contact your local authorities, retailer, or household waste
disposal service or visit the website 
https://consumer.huawei.com/en/
.
Reduction of hazardous substances
This device and its electrical accessories comply with local applicable rules on the restriction
of the use of certain hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment, such as EU
Safety information
25

--- Page 28 ---
REACH regulation, RoHS and Batteries (where included) directive. For declarations of
conformity about REACH and RoHS, please visit the website
https://consumer.huawei.com/certication.
Restrictions in Norway
Use of this radio equipment is not allowed in the geographical area within a radius of 20 km
from the center of Ny-Ålesund, Svalbard.
Safety information
26

--- Page 29 ---
Personal Information and Data Security
The use of some functions or third-party applications on your device could result in your
personal information and data being lost or becoming accessible to others. Use the following
measures to help you protect your personal information:
• Put your device in a safe place to prevent unauthorized use.
• Set your device screen to lock and set a password or unlock pattern.
• Do not open messages or emails from strangers to prevent your device from becoming
infected with a virus.
• When using your device to browse the Internet, do not visit websites that might pose a
security risk to avoid your personal information from being stolen.
• If you use services such as the portable Wi-Fi hotspot or Bluetooth, set passwords for these
services to prevent unauthorized access. Turn these services 
o when they are not in use.
• Install device security software and regularly scan for viruses.
• Using unauthorized third-party software to update your device may damage your device or
put your personal information at risk. It is recommended that you update through your
device's online update feature or download ocial update packages for your device model
from Huawei.
• Be sure to obtain third-party applications from a legitimate source. Downloaded third-party
applications should be scanned for viruses.
• Install security software or patches released by Huawei or authorized third-party
application providers.
• Some applications require and transmit location information. As a result, a third-party may
be able to share your location information.
• Some third-party application providers may collect detection and diagnostic information on
your device to improve their products and services.
27

--- Page 30 ---
Legal Notice
Copyright © Huawei 2021. All rights reserved.
The product described in this manual may include copyrighted software of Huawei and
possible licensors. Customers shall not in any manner reproduce, distribute, modify,
decompile, disassemble, decrypt, extract, reverse engineer, lease, assign, or sublicense the
said software, unless such restrictions are prohibited by applicable laws or such actions are
approved by respective copyright holders.
Trademarks and Permissions
The 
Bluetooth
®
 word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by 
Bluetooth SIG, Inc.
and any use of such marks by Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. is under license. Huawei Device
Co., Ltd. is an aliate of Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.
Wi-Fi
®
, the Wi-Fi CERTIFIED logo, and the Wi-Fi logo are trademarks of Wi-Fi Alliance.
Microsoft and Windows are trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies.
Other trademarks, product, service and company names mentioned may be the property of
their respective owners.
Notice
Some features of the product and its accessories described herein rely on the software
installed, capacities and settings of local network, and therefore may not be activated or may
be limited by local network operators or network service providers.
Thus, the descriptions herein may not exactly match the product or its accessories which you
purchase.
Huawei reserves the right to change or modify any information or specications contained in
this manual without prior notice and without any liability.
Third-Party Software Statement
Huawei does not own the intellectual property of the third-party software and applications
that are delivered with this product. Therefore, Huawei will not provide any warranty of any
kind for third party software and applications. Neither will Huawei provide support to
customers who use third-party software and applications, nor be responsible or liable for the
functions or performance of third-party software and applications.
Third-party software and applications services may be interrupted or terminated at any time,
and Huawei does not guarantee the availability of any content or service. Third-party service
providers provide content and services through network or transmission tools outside of the
control of Huawei. To the greatest extent permitted by applicable law, it is explicitly stated
that Huawei shall not compensate or be liable for services provided by third-party service
providers, or the interruption or termination of third-party contents or services.
28

--- Page 31 ---
Huawei shall not be responsible for the legality, quality, or any other aspects of any software
installed on this product, or for any uploaded or downloaded third-party works in any form,
including but not limited to texts, images, videos, or software etc. Customers shall bear the
risk for any and all eects, including incompatibility between the software and this product,
which result from installing software or uploading or downloading the third-party works.
DISCLAIMER
ALL CONTENTS OF THIS MANUAL ARE PROVIDED "AS IS". EXCEPT AS REQUIRED BY
APPLICABLE LAWS, NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE MADE IN RELATION TO THE ACCURACY,
RELIABILITY OR CONTENTS OF THIS MANUAL.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL HUAWEI
BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR
LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS, REVENUE, DATA, GOODWILL SAVINGS OR ANTICIPATED
SAVINGS REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH LOSSES ARE FORSEEABLE OR NOT.
THE MAXIMUM LIABILITY (THIS LIMITATION SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR
PERSONAL INJURY TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH A LIMITATION) OF
HUAWEI ARISING FROM THE USE OF THE PRODUCT DESCRIBED IN THIS MANUAL SHALL
BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID BY CUSTOMERS FOR THE PURCHASE OF THIS PRODUCT.
Import and Export Regulations
Customers shall comply with all applicable export or import laws and regulations and be
responsible to obtain all necessary governmental permits and licenses in order to export, re-
export or import the product mentioned in this manual including the software and technical
data therein.
Privacy Policy
To better understand how we protect your personal information, please see the privacy policy
at https://consumer.huawei.com/privacy-policy.
For More Help
Visit https://consumer.huawei.com/en/support for the most up-to-date contact information
for your country or region.
ALL PICTURES AND ILLUSTRATIONS IN THIS GUIDE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
DEVICE COLOR, SIZE, AND DISPLAY CONTENT, ARE FOR YOUR REFERENCE ONLY. THE
ACTUAL DEVICE MAY VARY. NOTHING IN THIS GUIDE CONSTITUTES A WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
Legal Notice
29

