Brand: HUAWEI
Model: Matebook D14
URL: https://www.manua.ls/huawei/matebook-d14/manual
Total Pages: 33
============================================================

--- Page 2 ---
Contents
About this user guide
New devices
Step 1: Connecting to a network
2
Step 2: Activating Windows
2
Step 3: Enrolling a ngerprint
3
Step 4: Updating the drivers
3
Highlighted features
Huawei Share OneHop
5
Eye Comfort mode
5
F10 system reset/factory reset
6
Getting to know your computer
Powering your computer on/o
7
Appearance
7
Keyboard
10
Touchpad
11
Charging your computer
14
Learn about Windows 10
Using the Start menu
16
Action center
16
Placing shortcuts onto your desktop
17
Bluetooth mouse
Getting to know the Bluetooth mouse
19
Install the battery
19
Pairing the Bluetooth mouse with your computer
19
Appendix
Safety information
21
Personal Information and Data Security
27
Legal Notice
28
i

--- Page 3 ---
About this user guide
This guide is intended for computers running on Windows 10 systems. This guide describes
the basic features of your computer. For more information about Windows 10 features,
please visit https://www.microsoft.com or click   >   on your desktop.
 
1
2
Tips
The optional accessories and software described in this guide may not be available or up-to-
date; the system environment described in this guide may vary from your actual system
environment; the pictures in this manual may dier from the actual product. All illustrations
are for reference only. Please refer to the actual product.
Indicators
Description
Highlights important information and tips and provides additional
information.
Note
Indicates potential issues that may lead to damage, data loss, etc., if
left unattended.
Warning
Warns you of potential hazards that could result in serious personal
injury if not avoided.
1

--- Page 4 ---
New devices
Step 1: Connecting to a network
1 Click   in the lower right corner of your desktop to open the Wi-Fi network connection
screen.
2 Select the name of the Wi-Fi network you want to connect to and follow the onscreen
instructions to establish a connection. Some Wi-Fi networks may require a network
security key or password to establish a connection.
 
If the computer is connected to network for the rst time, a dialog box will be displayed.
Click OK and congure the settings as required.
Step 2: Activating Windows
Windows automatically activates upon the initial network connection. You can also check
whether Windows is activated from the Control Panel.
If Windows activation fails, restart your computer and reconnect to the network; if the issue
persists, connect to a 
dierent network or wait a moment and try again.
• If Windows is not activated, some features on your computer may be restricted.
• Activating Windows may aect the return of the product. For more information, please
refer to the product's warranty policy.
 
2

--- Page 5 ---
Step 3: Enrolling a ngerprint
Your computer utilizes a ngerprint-sensing power button. After enrolling a ngerprint, you
can press the Power button to quickly and securely power on and unlock your computer,
without the need to enter a password.
If you have skipped the ngerprint enrollment process during the initial setup phase, go to
 >   >   >  . In Windows Hello, set your login password and PIN code, and then
follow the onscreen instructions to enroll your ngerprints.
• Ensure that your ngers are clean and free of substances. Otherwise, it will aect the
quality of the ngerprint enrollment.
• Each user can enroll up to 10 ngerprints per account.
 
Step 4: Updating the drivers
Driver updates can improve the stability and performance of your computer software and
hardware.
New devices
3

--- Page 6 ---
Open PC Manager and click Manager drivers. If a new driver update is available, follow the
onscreen instructions to complete the update.
For a better user experience, it is recommended that you check and update your drivers
regularly to improve the stability and performance of your computer.
New devices
4

--- Page 7 ---
Highlighted features
Huawei Share OneHop
With Huawei Share OneHop, you can quickly transfer images, videos, and documents, as well
as share clipboards and documents between your computer and phone, all without the need
of a data cable.
• Multi-Screen Collaboration: Once your phone is connected to the laptop, the phone
screen will automatically pop up on the laptop. Easily maneuver around your phone with a
larger screen!
• OneHop File Sharing: Transfers images, videos, and documents between your phone and
computer at high speeds.
• OneHop Screen Recording: Shake your phone and tap to record your PC screen
automatically for 60s. The recording will be saved to your phone for quick sharing.
Currently, OneHop Screen Recording feature is only available on computers with the
Intel chip.
• OneHop Clipboard Sharing: Allows you to copy content from your phone and paste it on
your computer, and vice versa.
For more details, please visit the ocial Huawei Share OneHop website:
https://consumer.huawei.com/en/support/huaweishare/
 
EMUI Desktop
Eye Comfort mode
When reading for prolonged periods, enable Eye Comfort mode on your computer to reduce
blue light output and prevent eye strain and fatigue.
Right-click any blank area on the desktop and select Display Manager. Enable Eye Comfort.
5

--- Page 8 ---
Eye Comfort mode reduces the amount of blue light emitted from the screen, which may
give the screen a slightly yellow hue.
F10 system reset/factory reset
If your computer system encounters a serious problem as a result of a virus, malware, etc.,
the built-in F10 system reset/factory reset feature can quickly restore your computer to its
initial or factory state.
Before restoring the factory settings, back up all les on the drive C.
1 Connect your computer to the charger. Press and hold F10 when powering on your
computer to access the restore screen.
2 Follow the onscreen instructions to restore your computer to the factory settings.
Highlighted features
6

--- Page 9 ---
Getting to know your computer
Powering your computer on/o
When powering on your computer for the rst time, connect the power adapter and your
computer will power on automatically. Moments after the screen lights up, your computer
will enter the startup screen.
If the computer is powered o or asleep, press the Power button until the keyboard lights up
to power on or wake up your computer.
If the computer is in normal use, click   >   to sleep, shut down, or restart your
computer.
Forceful shutdown: Press and hold the Power button for approximately 10 seconds.
Forceful shutdowns may cause unsaved data to be lost. Please exercise caution.
Appearance
Front side
 
2
3
4
7
5
68
1
10
9
1 Display Image display.
7

--- Page 10 ---
2
Fingerprint-sensing
power button
After enrolling a ngerprint, you can press the Power
button to quickly and securely power on and unlock your
computer, without the need to enter a password.
• When your computer is powered o, asleep, or its
screen is on but locked, simply press the Power button
to power on or wake up your computer, or unlock the
computer screen.
• When your computer is locked with its screen on, touch
the Power button to unlock the computer.
3 Hidden camera
Press the button to open the camera lens and take photos
or videos with the Camera app. Press the button again to
hide the camera lens.
4 Camera indicator
Indicates the camera status. The indicator stays steady
white when the camera is on.
5 Huawei Share icon
By utilizing the NFC function on the back of HUAWEI and
HONOR smartphones, you can instantly transfer pictures,
videos, and documents between your computer and
phone without the need of a data cable.
• Do not tear or damage the Huawei Share icon on
the computer, otherwise Huawei Share OneHop
will not work properly.
• The icon position shown in the gure is for
reference only.
6 Right button Equivalent to the right-click of a mouse.
7 Microphone
Use the microphone to make video or voice calls, and to
record sound.
8 Left button Equivalent to the left-click of a mouse.
9 Touchpad
The touchpad on your keyboard utilizes mouse-like
features to make it easier for you to use your computer.
10 Keyboard Enter letters, numbers, punctuation marks, and more.
Left side
 
14
11
12
13
Getting to know your computer
8

--- Page 11 ---
11 HDMI port An HD multimedia port used to connect display devices.
12 USB 3.0 port
Connect external devices such as mobile phones or USB
ash drives to transfer les.
13 Charging indicator
Battery charging statuses:
• While charging, the indicator ashes white.
• When fully charged, the indicator turns steady white.
14 USB-C port
• Connect the power adapter to charge your computer.
• Connect external devices such as mobile phones or USB
ash drives to transfer les.
Right side
 
16 1517
15 USB 2.0 port
Connect external devices such as mobile phones or USB
ash drives to transfer les.
This port is congured only in the MateBook D 15.
16 USB 2.0 port
Connect external devices such as mobile phones or USB
ash drives to transfer les.
17 Headset jack Connect to a headset.
Bottom side
 
18
19
Getting to know your computer
9

--- Page 12 ---
18 Camera drainage hole
The camera button is connected to the water drainage
hole on the back of your computer. If you accidentally
spill a small amount of water on the camera, it will drain
out from the drainage hole. Please note that spilling
water on the keyboard can cause damage to your
computer.
19 Speaker The sound is emitted from the speaker.
Keyboard
Shortcut keys
The F keys, such as F1 and F2, are used as shortcut keys (hotkeys) by default to perform
multiple functions.
Default features in Hotkey mode:
F1
Decrease the screen brightness.
F2
Increase the screen brightness.
F3
On the MateBook D 14, this key can adjust and turn on/o the keypad
backlight.
On the MateBook D 15, this key does not have special functions.
F4
Mute or unmute.
F5
Decrease the volume.
F6
Increase the volume.
F7
Enable or disable the microphone.
F8
Switch projection modes.
F9
Enable or disable Wi-Fi.
Getting to know your computer
10

--- Page 13 ---
F10
Open PC Manager.
Switching between shortcut key mode and function key mode
The F keys have dierent functions depending on the software that is running.
You can use the F keys as function keys in two ways:
• Press the Fn key until the Fn key indicator turns on. The F keys will then work as function
keys. Press the Fn key again until the Fn key indicator turns o. The F keys will then switch
to shortcut key (hotkey) mode.
• To make the F keys work as function keys by default, open PC Manager and go to Settings
> System settings to enable Function key priority. To switch to hotkey mode, enable
Hotkey priority.
The keyboard layout may vary depending on your country or region.
You can press Fn and arrow keys   to implement functions for Home, PgUp,
PgDn, and End keys.
Combination mode Function keys
Fn key + left arrow key Home key
Fn key + up arrow key PgUp key
Fn key + down arrow key PgDn key
Fn key + right arrow key End key
Touchpad
The touchpad on your keyboard utilizes mouse-like features to make it easier for you to
operate your computer.
Common 
nger gestures
Tap with one 
nger: Click the left mouse button.
Getting to know your computer
11

--- Page 14 ---
Double-touch with one nger: Double-click the left mouse button.
Tap and drag with one nger: Move the mouse cursor.
Press the left touchpad button: Click the left mouse button.
Press the right touchpad button: Click the right mouse button.
Tap with two ngers: Click the right mouse button.
Swipe up or down with two ngers: Scroll up or down on a web
page or le.
Pinch in or stretch out with two ngers: Zoom in or out on the
screen.
Getting to know your computer
12

--- Page 15 ---
Tap with three ngers: Search les.
Swipe up with three ngers: Multi-tasking view.
Swipe down with three ngers: Display your home screen.
Swipe right with three ngers: Switch between apps.
Tap with four ngers: Open Action Center.
Modify the touchpad settings.
You can also modify your touchpad settings to better suit your personal preferences.
1 Click   >   to open the Settings screen.
2 By going to 
 in the Settings screen and clicking Touchpad, you can:
• Enable or disable the touchpad.
• Automatically enable or disable the touchpad when a mouse is connected.
• Change the touchpad scroll direction.
•
Congure touchpad gestures.
 
Getting to know your computer
13

--- Page 16 ---
Charging your computer
Your computer will display an insucient battery prompt when the battery is running low. In
this case, please charge your computer in a timely manner to preventing your computer from
entering Hibernate mode.
Charging your computer using the power adapter
Your computer features a built-in rechargeable battery. Connect the standard power adapter
and USB-C charging cable to charge your computer, during which the charging indicator
should ash white to indicate that the battery is charging. The battery charges faster when
your computer is powered o or in Sleep mode.
 
Third-party accessories may present a potential safety hazard and impair performance.
Safety information
Charge your computer at room temperature in a well-ventilated area.
Getting to know your computer
14

--- Page 17 ---
• Exposing your computer to high ambient temperatures during charging may damage
the internal components.
• Charging duration may vary depending on the ambient temperature and the battery
usage.
• Your computer may become warm after prolonged use or charging. If it becomes hot
to the touch, disable non-essential features and disconnect the charger.
Battery status information
The battery status is indicated by the battery icon in the status bar.
• When your computer is charging, the icon   will indicate that a charger is connected.
• When using your computer, you can view the remaining battery percentage and battery
time by moving the cursor over the 
 battery icon.
The remaining battery life displayed is a system estimation. The actual time may vary.
The battery is subject to wear. If the standby time of your computer appears to have
reduced, do not attempt to replace the battery yourself. Instead, take your computer and
proof of purchase to an authorized Huawei Customer Service Center for assistance.
Getting to know your computer
15

--- Page 18 ---
Learn about Windows 10
Using the Start menu
Use the Start menu to access apps, settings, and les on your computer.
Click   in the lower left corner of your desktop to open the Start menu.
 
• Click   to change, lock, or log out of the current user account.
• Click   to access the Document folder.
• Click   to access the Picture folder.
• Click   to display the system settings screen.
• Click 
 to sleep, shut down, or restart your computer.
•
1
 indicates the app display area, where you can swipe up or down on your screen to view
all apps and programs.
•
2
 indicates the search area, where you can enter the content you want to search for.
•
3
 indicates the pinned tiles section, where you can pin your favorite apps or websites to
the Start menu and organize them into groups.
Action center
Action center displays notications such as system updates, as well as push notications such
as emails, and quick-access options that allow you to quickly enable or enable features or
congure relevant settings.
By clicking   in the lower right corner of your desktop, you can:
16

--- Page 19 ---
• Quickly open Settings, VPN, and other screens.
• Quickly access frequently-used settings (such as the Power saving mode, Airplane mode,
screen brightness, etc.).
 
•
1
 indicates the notication display area.
•
2
 indicates the Quick access display area.
Placing shortcuts onto your desktop
The Windows 10 system only displays a few common shortcuts on the desktop by default. If
you want to place additional shortcuts onto your desktop, please refer to the following steps:
Takes the This PC icon as an example:
1 Right-click in a blank area on your desktop and select Personalize.
2 Click   and select Desktop icon settings.
3 Select Computer and click OK.
Learn about Windows 10
17

--- Page 21 ---
Bluetooth mouse
Getting to know the Bluetooth mouse
HUAWEI/HONOR Bluetooth mouse can connect to a computer wirelessly via Bluetooth.
The Bluetooth mouse is an optional accessory and is sold separately.
 
1
2
3
4
5
6
1 Left button 2 Scroll-wheel + Middle button
3 Right button 4
LED indicator
If the indicator ashes red, the battery has
insucient power and would need to be replaced.
5 Sensor 6 Power/Bluetooth pairing switch
Install the battery
As illustrated below, open the front casing at the mark located on the bottom edge of the
mouse. Insert one AA battery with the positive and negative ends as shown in the battery
chamber. Close the casing to complete installation.
 
Pairing the Bluetooth mouse with your computer
When using the Bluetooth mouse for the rst time, you need to pair the mouse with your
computer.
 
Mouse
19

--- Page 22 ---
1 Toggle the Bluetooth pairing switch at the bottom of the mouse to   for approximately 3
seconds until the indicator begins ashing, which indicates that the mouse has entered
Pairing mode, as shown in the gure.
2 From your computer, open the Bluetooth pairing screen in Settings and select Add
Bluetooth device. Once your computer enters Bluetooth pairing mode, select HUAWEI/
HONOR Mouse to complete the pairing.
Bluetooth mouse
20

--- Page 23 ---
Appendix
Safety information
This section contains important information about the operation of your device. It also
contains information about how to use the device safely. Read this information carefully
before using your device.
Electronic device
Do not use your device if using the device is prohibited. Do not use the device if doing so
causes danger or interference with other electronic devices.
Interference with medical equipment
• Follow rules and regulations set forth by hospitals and health care facilities. Do not use
your device where prohibited.
• Some wireless devices may aect the performance of hearing aids or pacemakers. Consult
your service provider for more information.
• Pacemaker manufacturers recommend that a minimum distance of 15 cm be maintained
between a device and a pacemaker to prevent potential interference with the pacemaker. If
using a pacemaker, hold the device on the side opposite the pacemaker and do not carry
the device in your front pocket.
Protecting your hearing when using a headset
•
 To prevent possible hearing damage, do not listen at high volume levels for long
periods.
• Using a headset at high volumes may damage your hearing. To reduce this risk, lower the
headset volume to a safe and comfortable level.
• Exposure to high volumes while driving may cause distraction and increase your risk of an
accident.
Areas with ammables and explosives
• Do not use the device where ammables or explosives are stored (in a gas station, oil
depot, or chemical plant, for example). Using your device in these environments increases
the risk of explosion or re. In addition, follow the instructions indicated in text or symbols.
• Do not store or transport the device in containers with ammable liquids, gases, or
explosives.
Trac security
• Observe local laws and regulations while using the device. To reduce the risk of accidents,
do not use your wireless device while driving.
• Concentrate on driving. Your rst responsibility is to drive safely.
21

--- Page 24 ---
• RF signals may aect the electronic systems of motor vehicles. For more information,
consult the vehicle manufacturer.
• Do not place the device over the air bag or in the air bag deployment area in a motor
vehicle. Doing so may hurt you because of the strong force when the air bag inates.
• Wireless devices may interfere with the airplane's ight system. Do not use your device
where wireless devices are not allowed according to the airplane company's regulations.
Operating environment
• Avoid dusty, damp, or dirty environments. Avoid magnetic elds. Using the device in these
environments may result in circuit malfunctions.
• Do not use your device during thunderstorms to protect your device against any danger
caused by lightning.
• Ideal operating temperatures are 0 °C to 35 °C. Ideal storage temperatures are -10 °C to
+45 °C. Extreme heat or cold may damage your device or accessories.
• Do not expose your device to direct sunlight (such as on a car dashboard) for prolonged
periods.
• To protect your device or accessories from re or electrical shock hazards, avoid rain and
moisture.
• Keep the device away from sources of heat and re, such as a heater, microwave oven,
stove, water heater, radiator, or candle.
• Do not place sharp metal objects, such as pins, near the earpiece or speaker. The earpiece
may attract these objects and result in injury.
• Stop using your device or applications for a while if the device is overheated. If skin is
exposed to an overheated device for an extended period, low temperature burn symptoms,
such as red spots and darker pigmentation, may occur.
• Do not touch the device's antenna. Otherwise, communication quality may be reduced.
• Do not allow children or pets to bite or suck the device or accessories. Doing so may result
in damage or explosion.
• Observe local laws and regulations, and respect the privacy and legal rights of others.
Child's safety
• Comply with all precautions with regard to child's safety. Letting children play with the
device or its accessories may be dangerous. The device includes detachable parts that may
present a choking hazard. Keep away from children.
• The device and its accessories are not intended for use by children. Children should only use
the device with adult supervision.
Accessories
• Using an unapproved or incompatible power adapter, charger or battery may cause 
re,
explosion or other hazards.
Appendix
22

--- Page 25 ---
• Choose only accessories approved for use with this model by the device manufacturer. The
use of any other types of accessories may void the warranty, may violate local regulations
and laws, and may be dangerous. Please contact your retailer for information about the
availability of approved accessories in your area.
Charger safety
• For pluggable devices, the socket-outlet shall be installed near the devices and shall be
easily accessible.
• Unplug the charger from electrical outlets and the device when not in use.
• Do not drop or cause an impact to the charger.
• If the power cable is damaged (for example, the cord is exposed or broken), or the plug
loosens, stop using it at once. Continued use may lead to electric shocks, short circuits, or
re.
• Do not touch the power cord with wet hands or pull the power cord to disconnect the
charger.
• Do not touch the device or the charger with wet hands. Doing so may lead to short circuits,
malfunctions, or electric shocks.
• If your charger has been exposed to water, other liquids, or excessive moisture, take it to a
Huawei authorized service center for inspection.
• Ensure that the charger meets the requirements of Clause 2.5 in IEC60950-1/EN60950-1/
UL60950-1 and has been tested and approved according to national or local standards.
• Connect the device only to products with the USB-IF logo or with USB-IF compliance
program completion.
Battery safety
• Do not connect battery poles with conductors, such as keys, jewelry, or other metal
materials. Doing so may short-circuit the battery and cause injuries or burns.
• Keep the battery away from excessive heat and direct sunlight. Do not place it on or in
heating devices, such as microwave ovens, stoves, or radiators. Batteries may explode if
overheated.
• Do not attempt to modify or remanufacture the battery, insert foreign objects into it, or
immerse or expose it to water or other liquids. Doing so may lead to re, explosion, or
other hazards.
• If the battery leaks, ensure that the electrolyte does not make direct contact with your skins
or eyes. If the electrolyte touches your skins or splashes into your eyes, immediately ush
with clean water and consult a doctor.
• In case of battery deformation, color change, or overheating while charging or storing,
immediately stop using the device and remove the battery. Continued use may lead to
battery leakage, re, or explosion.
• Do not put batteries in re as they may explode. Damaged batteries may also explode.
Appendix
23

--- Page 26 ---
• Dispose of used batteries in accordance with local regulations. Improper battery use may
lead to re, explosion, or other hazards.
• Do not allow children or pets to bite or suck the battery. Doing so may result in damage or
explosion.
• Do not smash or pierce the battery, or expose it to high external pressure. Doing so may
lead to a short circuit or overheating.
• Do not drop the device or battery. If the device or battery is dropped, especially on a hard
surface, it may be damaged.
• If the device standby time shortens signicantly, replace the battery.
• This device contains a built-in battery. Do not attempt to replace the battery by yourself.
Otherwise, the device may not run properly or it may damage the battery. For your
personal safety and to ensure that your device runs properly, you are strongly advised to
contact a Huawei authorized service center for a replacement.
• Use the battery only with a charging system that is IEEE-Std-1725 standard qualied. The
use of an unqualied battery or charger may lead to re, explosion, leakage, or other
hazards.
• Replace the battery only with an IEEE-Std-1725 standard qualied battery. The use of an
unqualied battery may lead to re, explosion, leakage, or other hazards.
• Do not disassemble or open, crush, bend or deform, puncture or shred the battery.
Otherwise, it may lead to electrolyte leakage, overheating, re, or explosion.
• Do not solder battery poles or dismantle the battery. Doing so may lead to electrolyte
leakage, excessive heat, re, or explosion.
Cleaning and maintenance
• Keep the device and accessories dry. Do not attempt to dry it with an external heat source,
such as a microwave oven or hair dryer.
• Do not expose your device or accessories to extreme heat or cold. These environments may
interfere with proper function and may lead to re or explosion.
• Avoid collision, which may lead to device malfunctions, overheating, re, or explosion.
• Before you clean or maintain the device, stop using it, stop all applications, and disconnect
all cables connected to it.
• Do not use any chemical detergent, powder, or other chemical agents (such as alcohol and
benzene) to clean the device or accessories. These substances may cause damage to parts
or present a 
re hazard. Use a clean, soft, and dry cloth to clean the device and accessories.
• Do not place magnetic stripe cards, such as credit cards and phone cards, near the device
for extended periods of time. Otherwise the magnetic stripe cards may be damaged.
• Do not dismantle or remanufacture the device and its accessories. This voids the warranty
and releases the manufacturer from liability for damage. In case of damage, contact a
Huawei authorized service center for assistance or repair.
Appendix
24

--- Page 27 ---
• If the device screen is broken in a collision, immediately stop using the device. Do not touch
or attempt to remove the broken parts. Promptly contact a Huawei authorized service
center.
Disposal and recycling information
The crossed-out wheeled-bin symbol on your product, battery, literature or packaging
reminds you that all electronic products and batteries must be taken to separate waste
collection points at the end of their working lives; they must not be disposed of in the normal
waste stream with household garbage. It is the responsibility of the user to dispose of the
equipment using a designated collection point or service for separate recycling of waste
electrical and electronic equipment (WEEE) and batteries according to local laws.
Proper collection and recycling of your equipment helps ensure electrical and electronic
equipment (EEE) waste is recycled in a manner that conserves valuable materials and
protects human health and the environment, improper handling, accidental breakage,
damage, and/or improper recycling at the end of its life may be harmful for health and
environment. For more information about where and how to drop o your EEE waste, please
contact your local authorities, retailer or household waste disposal service or visit the website
http://consumer.huawei.com/en/.
Reduction of hazardous substances
This device and its electrical accessories are compliant with local applicable rules on the
restriction of the use of certain hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment,
such as EU REACH, RoHS and Batteries (where included) regulations. For declarations of
conformity about REACH and RoHS, please visit our web site http://consumer.huawei.com/
certication.
EU regulatory conformance
Body worn operation
The device complies with RF specications when used at a distance of 0.0 cm from your body.
Ensure that the device accessories, such as a device case and device holster, are not
composed of metal components. Keep the device away from your body to meet the distance
requirement.
Certication information (SAR)
This device meets guidelines for exposure to radio waves.
Your device is a low-power radio transmitter and receiver. As recommended by international
guidelines, the device is designed not to exceed the limits for exposure to radio waves. These
guidelines were developed by the International Commission on Non-Ionizing Radiation
Protection (ICNIRP), an independent scientic organization, and include safety measures
designed to ensure the safety of all users, regardless of age and health.
Appendix
25

--- Page 28 ---
The Specic Absorption Rate (SAR) is the unit of measurement for the amount of radio
frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a device. The SAR value is determined at
the highest certied power level in laboratory conditions, but the actual SAR level during
operation can be well below the value. This is because the device is designed to use the
minimum power required to reach the network.
The SAR limit adopted by Europe is 2.0 W/kg averaged over 10 grams of tissue, and the
highest SAR value for this device complies with this limit.
Statement
The most recent and valid version of the DoC (Declaration of Conformity) can be viewed at
http://consumer.huawei.com/certication.
This device may be operated in all member states of the EU.
Observe national and local regulations where the device is used.
This device may be restricted for use, depending on the local network.
Restrictions in the 2.4 GHz band:
Norway: This subsection does not apply for the geographical area within a radius of 20 km
from the centre of Ny-Ålesund.
Restrictions in the 5 GHz band:
According to Article 10 (10) of Directive 2014/53/EU, the packaging shows that this radio
equipment will be subject to some restrictions when placed on the market in Belgium (BE),
Bulgaria (BG), the Czech Republic (CZ), Denmark (DK), Germany (DE), Estonia (EE), Ireland
(IE), Greece (EL), Spain (ES), France (FR), Croatia (HR), Italy (IT), Cyprus (CY), Latvia (LV),
Lithuania (LT), Luxembourg (LU), Hungary (HU), Malta (MT), Netherlands (NL), Austria (AT),
Poland (PL), Portugal (PT), Romania (RO), Slovenia (SI), Slovakia (SK), Finland (FI), Sweden
(SE), the United Kingdom (UK), Turkey (TR), Norway (NO), Switzerland (CH), Iceland (IS),
and Liechtenstein (LI).
The WLAN function for this device is restricted to indoor use only when operating in the 5150
to 5350 MHz frequency range.
Frequency Bands and Power
(a) Frequency bands in which the radio equipment operates: Some bands may not be
available in all countries or all areas. Please contact the local carrier for more details.
(b) Maximum radio-frequency power transmitted in the frequency bands in which the radio
equipment operates: The maximum power for all bands is less than the highest limit value
specied in the related Harmonized Standard.
Accessories and Software Information
Some accessories are optional in certain countries or regions. Optional accessories can be
purchased from a licensed vendor as required. The following accessories are recommended:
Appendix
26

--- Page 29 ---
Adapters: HW-200325XP0 (X represents the dierent plug types used, which can be either C,
U, J, E, B, A, I, R, Z or K, depending on your region)
Software updates will be released by the manufacturer to x bugs or enhance functions after
the product has been released. All software versions released by the manufacturer have been
veried and are still compliant with the related rules.
All RF parameters (for example, frequency range and output power) are not accessible to the
user, and cannot be changed by the user.
For the most recent information about accessories and software, please see the DoC
(Declaration of Conformity) at http://consumer.huawei.com/certication.
ErP Product Information
Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. hereby declares that its products conform to the Energy-related
Products Directive (ErP) 2009/125/EC. For detailed ErP information and the user manuals
required by Commission Regulation, please visit: http://consumer.huawei.com/en/certication.
Personal Information and Data Security
The use of some functions or third-party applications on your device could result in your
personal information and data being lost or becoming accessible to others. Use the following
measures to help you protect your personal information:
• Put your device in a safe place to prevent unauthorized use.
• Set your device screen to lock and set a password or unlock pattern.
• Periodically back up personal information stored on your memory card, or your device
memory. If you change to a 
dierent device, be sure to move or delete any personal
information on your old device.
• Do not open messages or emails from strangers to prevent your device from becoming
infected with a virus.
• When using your device to browse the Internet, do not visit websites that might pose a
security risk to avoid your personal information from being stolen.
• If you use services such as the portable Wi-Fi hotspot or Bluetooth, set passwords for these
services to prevent unauthorized access. Turn these services o when they are not in use.
• Install device security software and regularly scan for viruses.
• Be sure to obtain third-party applications from a legitimate source. Downloaded third-party
applications should be scanned for viruses.
• Install security software or patches released by Huawei or authorized third-party
application providers.
• Using unauthorized third-party software to update your device may damage your device or
put your personal information at risk. It is recommended that you update through your
device's online update feature or download ocial update packages for your device model
from Huawei.
Appendix
27

--- Page 30 ---
• Some applications require and transmit location information. As a result, a third-party may
be able to share your location information.
• Some third-party application providers may collect detection and diagnostic information on
your device to improve their products and services.
Legal Notice
Copyright © Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. 2019. All rights reserved.
No part of this manual may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means
without prior written consent of Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. and its aliates ("Huawei").
The product described in this manual may include copyrighted software of Huawei and
possible licensors. Customers shall not in any manner reproduce, distribute, modify,
decompile, disassemble, decrypt, extract, reverse engineer, lease, assign, or sublicense the
said software, unless such restrictions are prohibited by applicable laws or such actions are
approved by respective copyright holders.
Trademarks and Permissions
,  , and   are trademarks or registered trademarks of Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.
The 
Bluetooth
®
 word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by 
Bluetooth SIG, Inc.
and any use of such marks by Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. is under license.
Wi-Fi
®
, the Wi-Fi CERTIFIED logo, and the Wi-Fi logo are trademarks of Wi-Fi Alliance.
The terms HDMI and HDMI 
High-Denition Multimedia Interface, and the HDMI Logo are
trademarks or registered trademarks of HDMI Licensing Administrator, Inc. in the United
States and other countries.
Microsoft and Windows are trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies.
Other trademarks, product, service and company names mentioned may be the property of
their respective owners.
Notice
Some features of the product and its accessories described herein rely on the software
installed, capacities and settings of local network, and therefore may not be activated or may
be limited by local network operators or network service providers.
Thus, the descriptions herein may not exactly match the product or its accessories which you
purchase.
Huawei reserves the right to change or modify any information or specications contained in
this manual without prior notice and without any liability.
Third-Party Software Statement
Huawei does not own the intellectual property of the third-party software and applications
that are delivered with this product. Therefore, Huawei will not provide any warranty of any
Appendix
28

--- Page 31 ---
kind for third party software and applications. Neither will Huawei provide support to
customers who use third-party software and applications, nor be responsible or liable for the
functions or performance of third-party software and applications.
Third-party software and applications services may be interrupted or terminated at any time,
and Huawei does not guarantee the availability of any content or service. Third-party service
providers provide content and services through network or transmission tools outside of the
control of Huawei. To the greatest extent permitted by applicable law, it is explicitly stated
that Huawei shall not compensate or be liable for services provided by third-party service
providers, or the interruption or termination of third-party contents or services.
Huawei shall not be responsible for the legality, quality, or any other aspects of any software
installed on this product, or for any uploaded or downloaded third-party works in any form,
including but not limited to texts, images, videos, or software etc. Customers shall bear the
risk for any and all eects, including incompatibility between the software and this product,
which result from installing software or uploading or downloading the third-party works.
DISCLAIMER
ALL CONTENTS OF THIS MANUAL ARE PROVIDED "AS IS". EXCEPT AS REQUIRED BY
APPLICABLE LAWS, NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE MADE IN RELATION TO THE ACCURACY,
RELIABILITY OR CONTENTS OF THIS MANUAL.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL HUAWEI
BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR
LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS, REVENUE, DATA, GOODWILL SAVINGS OR ANTICIPATED
SAVINGS REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH LOSSES ARE FORSEEABLE OR NOT.
THE MAXIMUM LIABILITY (THIS LIMITATION SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR
PERSONAL INJURY TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH A LIMITATION) OF
HUAWEI ARISING FROM THE USE OF THE PRODUCT DESCRIBED IN THIS MANUAL SHALL
BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID BY CUSTOMERS FOR THE PURCHASE OF THIS PRODUCT.
Import and Export Regulations
Customers shall comply with all applicable export or import laws and regulations and be
responsible to obtain all necessary governmental permits and licenses in order to export, re-
export or import the product mentioned in this manual including the software and technical
data therein.
Privacy Policy
To better understand how we protect your personal information, please see the privacy policy
at http://consumer.huawei.com/privacy-policy.
Appendix
29

--- Page 32 ---
For More Help
Please visit http://consumer.huawei.com/en/support/hotline for recently updated hotline and
email address in your country or region.
The gures in this guide are provided for your reference only. The appearance and display
features may vary slightly depending on the actual product version.
Appendix
30

--- Page 33 ---
This guide is for reference only. The actual product, including but not limited to the color, 
size, and screen layout, may vary. All statements, information, and recommendations in this 
guide do not constitute a warranty of any kind, express or implied.   
Please visit https://consumer.huawei.com/en/support/hotline for recently updated hotline 
and email address in your country or region.
903847_01

