Brand: HUAWEI
Model: Matebook 14
URL: https://www.manua.ls/huawei/matebook-14/manual
Total Pages: 205
============================================================

--- Page 2 ---
Contents
Essentials
Basic Gestures
1
System Navigation
4
Phone Clone
7
Lock and Unlock Your Screen
9
Get Familiar with the Home Screen
10
Notication and Status Icons
11
Shortcut Switches
13
Virtual Controls at the Screen Edge
14
Home Screen Widgets
15
Set Your Wallpaper
16
Screenshots & Screen Recording
16
View and Clear Notications
22
Adjust Sound Settings
23
Enter Text
24
Split-screen Mode & Floating Window
24
Show Date and Time When the Screen Is O
27
Power On and O or Restart Your Device
28
Charging
29
Smart Features
AI Lens
33
HiTouch
33
Easy Projection
33
Multi-Screen Collaboration
37
Huawei Share OneHop
39
Huawei Share
43
Digital Car Key
47
AR Measure
48
Smart Remote
50
Camera and Gallery
Launch Camera
52
Take Photos
52
Shoot in Portrait, Night, and Wide Aperture Modes
55
Master AI
58
Take Wide-Angle or Long-Focus Photos
59
Take Panoramic Photos
60
Take Black and White Photos
61
AR Lens
61
Light Painting
63
i

--- Page 3 ---
Take HDR Photos
64
Moving Pictures
65
Add Stickers to Photos
66
Documents Mode
66
Pro Mode
67
Record Videos
69
AI Movie Eects
70
4K HD Videos
71
Slow-Mo Recording
71
Time-Lapse Photography
72
Dual-View Mode
73
Leica Colors
73
Filters
74
Edit Camera Modes
74
Adjust Camera Settings
75
Manage Gallery
76
Gallery Smart Categorization
83
Huawei Vlog Editor
84
Huawei Vlogs
86
Highlights
87
Apps
Apps
89
Contacts
90
Phone
94
Messaging
104
Calendar
107
Clock
110
Notepad
113
Recorder
115
Email
117
Calculator
121
Flashlight
122
Compass
122
Mirror
123
App Twin
124
Quickly Access Frequently Used App Features
124
Optimizer
125
Phone Clone
130
HiSuite
132
Tips
134
Settings
Search for Items in Settings
135
Contents
ii

--- Page 4 ---
Wi-Fi
135
Bluetooth
137
Mobile Data
138
More Connections
142
Home Screen & Wallpaper
153
Display & Brightness
155
Sounds & Vibration
160
Notications
163
Biometrics & Password
165
Apps
171
Battery
172
Storage
174
Security
175
Privacy
180
Digital Balance
184
Accessibility Features
186
Users & Accounts
190
System & Updates
192
About Phone
199
Contents
iii

--- Page 5 ---
Essentials
Basic Gestures
Basic Gestures
Air Gestures
You can use gestures to take screenshots and scroll without touching the screen.
Go to 
Settings > Accessibility features > Shortcuts & gestures > Air gestures, and
ensure that Air scroll and Grabshot are enabled.
Air scroll
To air scroll, do the following:
Scroll down: Hold your hand half an arm's length away from
the screen, with the palm of the hand facing the screen, and
your ngers pointing upwards. After   appears at the top of
the screen, move your hand downwards to begin scrolling.
Scroll up: Hold your hand half an arm's length away from the
screen, with the back of the hand facing the screen, and your
ngers pointing downwards. After   appears at the top of
the screen, move your hand upwards to begin scrolling.
Take a grabshot
Place your hand half an arm's length away from the screen
with the palm of the hand facing the screen, and wait for 
to appear at the top of the screen. Then close your st to
capture a screenshot.
System Navigation Gestures
Go to  Settings > System & updates > System navigation and select Gestures.
Back
Swipe inward from the left or right edges to return to the
previous screen.
1

--- Page 6 ---
Back to the home screen
Swipe up from the bottom to go to the home screen.
View recent tasks
Swipe up from the bottom of the screen and hold to view
recent tasks.
Close an app
On the Recent tasks screen, swipe up on an app preview to
close the app.
Access in-app menus
In applicable third-party apps, swipe inward from the left or
right edge near the top of the screen.
Knuckle Gestures
Go to  Settings > Accessibility features > Shortcuts & gestures to enable Take
screenshot, Record screen, and Split screen.
Take a screenshot
Knock twice on the screen with a knuckle to take a screenshot.
Take a scrollshot
Knock on the screen with a knuckle and draw an "S" to take a
scrolling screenshot.
Essentials
2

--- Page 7 ---
Capture part of the screen
Knock and draw an enclosed area with a knuckle to capture
part of the screen.
Record screen
Knock twice on the screen with two knuckles to start or end a
screen recording.
Split screen
Firmly draw a line across the screen with a knuckle to enter
split-screen mode.
More Gestures
Split the screen
Swipe up on the screen with three ngers.
Access Home screen editing mode
Pinch two ngers together on the home screen.
Display the shortcut panel on the lock screen
Swipe up from the bottom of the lock screen.
Essentials
3

--- Page 8 ---
Display the search bar
Swipe down on the home screen.
Open the notication panel
Swipe down from the status bar.
System Navigation
Change the Navigation Mode
Go to  Settings > System & updates > System navigation to select a navigation mode
according to your preferences.
Navigate with Gestures
Go to  Settings > System & updates > System navigation, and enable or disable
Gestures.
 
Essentials
4

--- Page 9 ---
With Gestures enabled, you can:
• Go back to the previous screen: Swipe inward from the left or right edge.
• Return to the home screen: Swipe up from the bottom of the screen.
• Access the recent tasks screen: Swipe up from the bottom of the screen and hold.
• Close an app from the recent tasks screen: Swipe up on an app preview.
• Access in-app menus: In applicable third-party apps, swipe inward from the left or right
edge near the top of the screen.
Three-Key Navigation
Go to 
Settings > System & updates > System navigation, and select Three-key
navigation.
 
Essentials
5

--- Page 10 ---
Touch Settings to select the navigation key combination you prefer.
The icons on the navigation bar are as follows:
•
: Back key to return to the previous screen, exit an app, or close the onscreen keyboard.
• : Home key to return to the home screen.
•
: Recents key to display the recent tasks screen. Touch and hold it to access Split-screen
mode.
•
: Notication key to open the notication panel.
Customize the Navigation Key Combination
Go to Three-key navigation > Settings. You can:
• Select a navigation key combination.
• Enable Hide navigation keys to allow you to hide the navigation bar when not in use.
Navigation Dock
Go to  Settings > System & updates > System navigation > Navigation dock, and
enable Navigation dock.
Essentials
6

--- Page 11 ---
After the Navigation dock button appears, you can:
• Drag the button to your desired position.
• Touch the button to go back.
• Double-touch the button to go back two steps.
• Touch and hold the button, then release it to go back to the home screen.
• Touch and hold the button, then swipe left or right to view recent tasks.
Phone Clone
Phone Clone
Phone Clone lets you quickly and seamlessly move all the basic data (including contacts,
calendar, images, and videos) from your old phone to your new phone.
 
Essentials
7

--- Page 12 ---
Clone Data from an Android Device
1 On your new phone, open 
Phone Clone (in the Tools folder by default). Alternatively,
go to  Settings > System & updates > Phone Clone, touch This is the new phone,
then touch Huawei or Other Android.
2 Follow the onscreen instructions to download and install Phone Clone on your old device.
3 On your old device, open 
Phone Clone and touch This is the old phone. Follow the
onscreen instructions to connect your old device with your new phone by scanning a code
or connecting manually.
4 On your old device, select the data you want to clone, then touch Transfer to start
cloning.
Phone Clone is only available on phones running Android 4.4 or later.
Clone Data from an iPhone or iPad
1 On your new phone, open  Phone Clone (in the Tools folder by default). Alternatively,
go to 
Settings > System & updates > Phone Clone, touch This is the new phone,
then touch iPhone/iPad.
2 Follow the onscreen instructions to download and install Phone Clone on your old device.
Essentials
8

--- Page 13 ---
3 On your old device, open  Phone Clone and touch This is the old phone. Follow the
onscreen instructions to connect your old device with your new phone by scanning a code
or connecting manually.
4 On your old device, select the data you want to clone, then follow the onscreen
instructions to complete the data cloning.
Phone Clone is only available on phones running iOS 8.0 or later.
Lock and Unlock Your Screen
Lock and Unlock Your Screen
Lock the Screen
If your phone remains inactive for a period of time, it will automatically lock the screen and
enter sleep mode to save power.
Alternative, you can manually lock the screen in either of the following ways:
• Press the Power button.
• On the home screen, pinch together two 
ngers to enter screen editing mode. Touch
Widgets, then drag the Screen Lock icon to the home screen. You can now touch the
Screen Lock icon to lock the screen.
Set the Screen Timeout Period
Go to 
Settings > Display & brightness > Sleep and select a screen timeout period.
Keep the Screen On While Looking
You can set the screen to stay on while you are looking at it, such as when you are reading.
Go to  Settings > Biometrics & password > Face Recognition, follow the onscreen
instructions to access the Face recognition settings screen, and make sure Keep screen on
while looking is enabled.
Wake Screen
You can turn on the screen in either of the following ways:
• Press the Power button.
• Go to  Settings > Accessibility features > Shortcuts & gestures > Wake screen and
enable Raise to wake or Double-tap screen to wake.
• When Raise to wake is enabled, you can pick up your phone to turn on the screen.
• When Double-tap screen to wake is enabled, you can touch the screen twice to turn it
on.
Essentials
9

--- Page 14 ---
Enter the Password to Unlock the Screen
Once the screen is turned on, swipe from any position on the screen to display the password
input panel. Then enter your lock screen password.
Use Face Unlock
Lift your phone and align it with your face. Your phone will unlock once your face is
recognized.
Use Fingerprint Unlock
Once the screen is turned on, the ngerprint icon will display on the screen. Touch the icon
with an enrolled nger to unlock the screen.
Change the Lock Screen Display
Display Your Signature on the Lock Screen
Go to  Settings > Home screen & wallpaper, touch Lock screen signature, then type
text to display on the lock screen.
To remove the signature, touch Lock screen signature and delete the text.
Access Apps from the Lock Screen
You can access commonly used apps such as Camera, Recorder, and Calculator from the lock
screen.
• On the lock screen, swipe up on the   icon to open Camera.
• On the lock screen, swipe up from the bottom of the lock screen to open the shortcut
panel. Shortcuts for Recorder, Flashlight, Calculator, and Timer will be available for you
to choose from.
Get Familiar with the Home Screen
Get Familiar with the Home Screen
From the home screen, you can:
• Check the status of your phone and notications from the status bar at the top of the
screen.
• Swipe left or right to view apps and widgets displayed on the home screen.
• Swipe right to reach the leftmost screen, and enable HUAWEI Assistant so your phone can
provide you with smart notications on this screen.
 
Essentials
10

--- Page 15 ---
Notication and Status Icons
Notication and Status Icons
Network status icons may vary according to your region or network service provider.
Supported functions vary according to the device model. Some of the following icons may
not be applicable to your phone.
5G network connected 4G network connected
3G network connected 2G network connected
Full signal strength Roaming
Essentials
11

--- Page 16 ---
Data saver enabled SIM card not found
Hotspot enabled Hotspot connected
Calling VoLTE enabled
Wi-Fi network connected SkyTone in use
Hotspot disconnected
Network being switched by Wi-Fi
+
Airplane mode enabled Alarms set
Battery empty Battery low
Charging Quick charging
Super charging Power saving mode enabled
Bluetooth enabled Bluetooth device battery
Bluetooth device connected VPN connected
Driving mode Projection device connected
Location service enabled Eye comfort mode enabled
Headset connected
Headset with a microphone
connected
Missed call Unread SMS
Microphone disabled Muted
More notications Vibrate only
NFC enabled Do Not Disturb mode enabled
Data syncing Data sync failed
Performance mode enabled New emails
Event reminders Digital balance enabled
Essentials
12

--- Page 17 ---
Shortcut Switches
Shortcut Switches
Turn on a Shortcut Switch
Swipe down from the status bar to open the 
notication panel, then swipe down on it again
to show all shortcuts.
 
• Touch a shortcut switch to enable or disable the corresponding feature.
• Touch and hold a shortcut switch to enter the settings screen for that feature.
• Touch   to open Settings.
Essentials
13

--- Page 18 ---
Customize Shortcut Switches
Touch 
 and drag icons to rearrange them.
Virtual Controls at the Screen Edge
Virtual Controls at the Screen Edge
The device abandons physical volume buttons in favor of virtual controls at the ultra-curved
screen edge. This design also allows you to take seles quickly or use quad-nger controls to
play games.
Use the In-Screen Volume Slider at the Edge
This device abandons physical volume buttons in favor of an in-screen volume slider at the
screen edge. Double-touch the upper section of the left or right screen edge to display the
volume slider. To control the volume, slide up or down on the edge next to the volume slider
or on the volume slider itself.
1 Go to  Settings > Sounds & vibration > Volume control gestures to choose where
the in-screen volume slider will appear.
2 Double-touch the upper section of the left or right screen edge depending on where you
have set the volume slider to display. Then you can:
• Slide up or down on the volume slider to quickly adjust the volume level.
• Touch  Sound,  Silent, or  Vibration above the volume slider to switch
between dierent modes.
• Touch 
 to mute the media sound. You can adjust the media volume by sliding up
or down on the edge next to the volume slider or on the volume slider itself.
• Touch 
 to congure more sound settings.
Use the Floating Shutter Button to Take Seles
A oating shutter button displays when you are using the front camera. Drag it anywhere
you like to take seles quickly.
This feature is only available in Photo, Portrait, Moving picture, and Stickers modes.
1 Open  Camera.
2 Touch 
 to switch to the front camera.
3 When the oating shutter button displays in the viewnder, drag it anywhere you like.
Then touch it to take a photo.
Essentials
14

--- Page 19 ---
Quad-Finger Game Control
When the screen is in landscape mode, you can add two additional virtual controls on the top
of the game screen and use quad-nger controls.
1 Open the game app, switch to landscape mode, then swipe inwards from the upper left
corner to view the settings.
Go to Settings > Apps > AppAssistant > Game Space and ensure that the game has
been added to Game Space.
2 Enable Enable L/R buttons, then set the position of the virtual buttons.
After setting the left and right virtual buttons, you can use four ngers to perform touch
controls.
Home Screen Widgets
Home Screen Widgets
You can add, move, or delete home screen widgets, such as Screen lock, Weather, Notepad,
Clock, Contacts, and Calendar, according to your personal requirements.
Add a Widget to the Home Screen
 
Essentials
15

--- Page 20 ---
1 Pinch together two ngers on the home screen to access the Home screen editor.
2 Touch Widgets, then swipe left to view all widgets.
3 Some widgets, like Weather, come in various formats. Touch the widget to view all
formats, then swipe right to return.
4 Touch a widget to add it to the home screen. If there is no room on the current screen
page, touch and hold it, then drag it to a dierent screen page.
Move or Delete a Widget
Touch and hold a widget on your home screen until your phone vibrates, then drag it to the
desired position or touch Remove.
Set Your Wallpaper
Set Your Wallpaper
Use a Preset Wallpaper
1 Go to 
Settings > Home screen & wallpaper > Wallpaper.
2 Touch an image you want to set as the wallpaper.
3 Set the following according to your preferences:
• Blur: applies a blur eect, which can be adjusted by dragging the slider.
• Scrollable: enables the wallpaper to be scrollable on the home screen.
4 Touch 
, then determine whether you'd like to set it as the wallpaper for the Lock
screen, Home screen, or both.
Set an Image from Gallery as Your Wallpaper
1 Open  Gallery, and open the image you want to set as your wallpaper.
2 Go to 
 > Set as > Wallpaper, then follow the onscreen instructions.
Screenshots & Screen Recording
Take a Screenshot
Take a Grabshot
 
Essentials
16

--- Page 21 ---
1 Go to  Settings > Accessibility features > Shortcuts & gestures > Air gestures, and
ensure that Grabshot is enabled.
2 Place your hand half an arm's length away from the screen with the palm of the hand
facing the screen, and wait for   to appear at the top of the screen. Then close your st
to capture a screenshot.
Use Your Knuckle to Take a Screenshot
1 Go to  Settings > Accessibility features > Shortcuts & gestures > Take screenshot,
and ensure that Knuckle screenshots is enabled.
2 Knock the screen twice in quick succession with one knuckle to take a screenshot.
Use a Shortcut to Take a Screenshot
Swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel, then swipe down on it again
to show all shortcuts. Touch   to take a screenshot.
Share and Edit a Screenshot, or Switch to Scrollshot
 
Essentials
17

--- Page 22 ---
After you take a screenshot, a thumbnail will display in the lower left corner of the screen.
Then you can:
• Swipe down on the thumbnail to take a scrolling screenshot.
• Swipe up on the thumbnail to select a sharing mode and share the screenshot with your
friends.
• Touch the thumbnail to edit or delete it.
Screenshots are saved to Gallery by default.
Use Your Knuckle to Take a Scrolling Screenshot
 
Essentials
18

--- Page 23 ---
1 Knock the screen with a knuckle and hold to draw an "S". The screen will automatically
scroll down to the bottom for you to capture the entire page.
2 You can touch the screen at any point to stop the screenshot.
Take a Partial Screenshot
 
Essentials
19

--- Page 24 ---
1 Knock the screen with a knuckle and hold to draw an outline around the part of the
screen that you want to capture. Make sure that your knuckle does not leave the screen.
2 The screen will display the movement trajectory of your knuckle and take a screenshot of
the selected area. Then you can:
• Drag the frame to the desired position or resize it.
• Touch a shape icon at the top of the screen to determine the shape of the partial
screenshot.
3 Touch 
 to save the screenshot.
Record the Screen
Record your screen activities in sharable videos to compose a tutorial, show 
o your
awesome gaming skills, and a lot more.
 
Essentials
20

--- Page 25 ---
Use a Shortcut to Start Screen Recording
1 Swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel, then swipe down on it
again to show all shortcuts.
2 Touch Screen Recorder to start screen recording.
3 To stop the recording, touch the timer at the top of the screen.
4 The recording will be saved to Gallery.
Use Two Knuckles to Start Screen Recording
1 Go to  Settings > Accessibility features > Shortcuts & gestures > Record screen, and
ensure that Record screen is enabled.
2 Knock the screen twice in quick succession with two knuckles to start screen recording. To
stop recording, knock twice again.
Record Your Voice During Screen Recording
You can enable the microphone to record your voice while recording the screen.
Once you have started a screen recording, touch the microphone icon and ensure that it is
displayed as  . Then your voice can be recorded as well.
Essentials
21

--- Page 26 ---
If the microphone is disabled (i.e. if it is displayed as  ), you will only be able to record
system sounds (such as gameplay sounds). If you want the screen to be recorded in
silence, mute your phone before starting the screen recording.
View and Clear Notications
View and Clear Notications
View Notications
When there is a notication reminder, you can turn on the screen and swipe down from the
status bar to open the notication panel and view the notication.
 
Clear Notications
• Swipe right on a notication reminder to clear the notication.
• Touch   at the bottom of the notication panel to clear all notications.
Block or Delay Notications
Swipe left on a notication, then touch   to block or delay notications from that source.
Essentials
22

--- Page 27 ---
Some system notications can't be blocked.
Adjust Sound Settings
Adjust Sound Settings
Use the In-Screen Volume Slider at the Edge
This device abandons physical volume buttons in favor of an in-screen volume slider at the
screen edge. Double-touch the upper section of the left or right screen edge to display the
volume slider. To control the volume, slide up or down on the edge next to the volume slider
or on the volume slider itself.
1 Go to 
Settings > Sounds & vibration > Volume control gestures to choose where
the in-screen volume slider will appear.
2 Double-touch the upper section of the left or right screen edge depending on where you
have set the volume slider to display. Then you can:
• Slide up or down on the volume slider to quickly adjust the volume level.
• Touch  Sound,  Silent, or  Vibration above the volume slider to switch
between dierent modes.
• Touch 
 to mute the media sound. You can adjust the media volume by sliding up
or down on the edge next to the volume slider or on the volume slider itself.
• Touch 
 to congure more sound settings.
Press the Power Button to Mute Your Device When It Rings
When your phone rings for an incoming call or alarm, you can press the Power button to
mute it.
Flip to Mute or Raise to Reduce Ringing Volume
When you receive an incoming call, you can ip your phone to mute it, or raise it to reduce
the ringing volume.
Go to  Settings > Accessibility features > Shortcuts & gestures > Mute ringtone/
Reduce volume, then enable Flip to mute ringtone and Raise to lower volume.
Set the Default Volume
Go to 
Settings > Sounds & vibration, then you can set the volume for the following
items:
• Media (video, games, music, and more)
• Ringtone
Essentials
23

--- Page 28 ---
• Alarms
• Calls
Use a Shortcut to Switch Between Ring, Vibrating, or Mute Mode
1 Swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel, then swipe down on it
again to show all shortcuts.
2 Touch the 
Sound,  Silent, or  Vibration icon to switch between dierent
modes.
Enter Text
Edit Text
You can select text displayed on your screen, copy or cut it to the clipboard, then paste it
somewhere else. You can also share it in multiple ways.
1 Touch and hold the text until 
 appears.
2 Drag 
 and   to select the text you need, or touch Select all to select all the text.
3 Touch Copy or Cut according to your requirement.
4 Touch the point where you want to paste the text, then touch Paste.
Split-screen Mode & Floating Window
Split-screen Mode
You can split the screen of your phone to use two apps simultaneously.
 
Essentials
24

--- Page 29 ---
Enable Split-screen Mode
1 Open an app.
2 Enable split-screen mode using any of the following methods:
• Swipe up from the middle of the screen with three ngers.
• When using gesture navigation, swipe up from the bottom of the screen and hold to
enter the Recent tasks screen. Then touch  .
• When using three-key navigation, touch and hold the   key.
• Knock the screen with a knuckle and hold it until a blue dot appears, then slide your
knuckle across the screen to enable Split-screen mode.
3 Open the other app to start multitasking.
Adjust the Size of the Split-screen Panes
Drag 
 in the middle of the split screen line to the desired position on the screen.
This feature can only be used when your phone is in the portrait orientation.
Essentials
25

--- Page 30 ---
Switch the Split-screen Panes
If the home screen is displayed in either of the split-screen panes, you won't be able to
switch the panes.
Touch   in the middle of the split screen line, then touch  .
Disable Split-screen Mode
Touch   in the middle of the split screen line, then touch  .
Floating Window
While watching videos or playing games in Full-screen mode, you can view and reply to
incoming messages in a oating window without having to stop what you're doing.
Display the Floating Window
1 Before using this feature, make sure your phone is not in Simple mode, Ultra power saving
mode, or One-handed mode.
2 When using your phone in Full-screen mode, touch   in the notication banner for new
message alerts to display in a oating window.
 
3 You can reply to messages directly in the oating window.
 will only display for applicable apps.
Resize the Floating Window
Drag the edge of the oating window inwards or outwards to expand or reduce it.
 
Essentials
26

--- Page 31 ---
Close the Floating Window
Touch   on the oating window to close it.
Show Date and Time When the Screen Is O
Show Date and Time When the Screen Is O
With Always On Display enabled, the lock screen will show the date, time, and more when
the screen is o.
Enable Always On Display
1 Go to  Settings > Home screen & wallpaper, and enable Always On Display.
2 Set the Start and End times according to your preferences.
Set Clock Style for Always On Display
You can customize the clock style for Always On Display according to your preferences.
 
Essentials
27

--- Page 32 ---
1 On the Always On Display screen, touch Clock style, and swipe across to view the
available clock styles.
2 Select a preferred clock style, and touch  .
Power On and 
O or Restart Your Device
Power On and 
O or Restart Your Device
Power Your Device On and O
To power o your device, press and hold the Power button for a few seconds, touch Power
o and Touch to power o.
To power on your device, press and hold the Power button for a few seconds until your device
vibrates and displays the logo.
Restart Your Device
Restart your device on a regular basis to clear the cache and keep the device in an optimal
state. A restart can sometimes resolve the issue when your device encounters a problem.
Just press and hold the Power button for a few seconds, then touch Restart and Touch to
restart.
Essentials
28

--- Page 33 ---
Force Restart Your Device
If your device isn't working or won't turn o normally, you can force restart it.
Just press and hold the Power button for 10 seconds or longer.
Charging
Charge Your Phone
Your phone will alert you when it is running out of power. Please make sure to charge your
phone in time to prevent it from turning 
o automatically when the power runs out.
Precautions for Charging
• Charge your phone using the standard adapter and USB cable that came with your device.
Using other chargers or USB cables may cause repeated restarts, slow charging,
overheating, or other undesirable eects.
• Your phone will automatically run a safety check when a charger or other device is
connected to the USB port. If moisture is detected in the USB port, your phone will
automatically activate safety measures and stop charging. Disconnect your phone from the
USB port and wait until the USB port is dry.
• The time required to fully charge the battery depends on the ambient temperature and age
of the battery.
• Batteries have a limited number of charge cycles. When the battery life becomes noticeably
shorter, go to an authorized Huawei Customer Service Center to replace the battery.
• Do not cover your phone or charger during charging.
• Your phone may heat up when you have been using it for an extended period of time,
especially in high temperatures. In this case, stop charging, disable some features, and
move your phone to a cool place.
• Please do not use your phone while it is charging.
• If your phone does not respond after you press and hold the Power button, the battery may
have run out. Charge for 10 minutes and then power it on.
Using the Charger that Came with Your Device
1 Use the USB cable that came with your phone to connect your phone and the adapter.
2 Plug the adapter into a power socket.
Use the Wireless Charger
A wireless charger consists of an adapter, a cable, and a charging pad. To ensure safe
charging, please purchase a charging pad from an 
ocial Huawei channel, and use the
adapter and USB cable that came with your phone.
To super charge your phone wirelessly, purchase a charging pad that supports super fast
charging.
Essentials
29

--- Page 34 ---
1 Connect the adapter and charging pad using the USB cable, then plug the adapter into a
power socket.
2 Place the charging pad on the table, then place your phone on the center of the charging
pad with the screen facing upwards.
3 When a beep is heard, your device should start charging.
• If you are using a high-voltage super fast charging adapter, the charging pad will
charge the phone at a super fast charging speed. The SuperCharge icon 
 will be
displayed in the status bar.
• If you are using a high-voltage fast charging adapter, the charging pad will charge the
phone at a fast charging speed. The QuickCharge icon   will be displayed in the
status bar.
• If you are using a standard adapter, the charging pad will charge the phone at a
standard charging speed. The standard charging icon 
 will be displayed in the
status bar.
Charging Pad Indicator Description
Blinks once The charger is properly connected to the power supply.
Steady on Charging is in process.
Blinks quickly A charging error has occurred.
Charging Your Phone with a PC
1 Connect your phone to a PC or other device using a USB cable.
2 When the Use USB to dialog box is displayed on your phone, touch Charge only.
If another option has been set previously, the dialog box will not pop up. Swipe down
from the status bar to open the notication panel, touch Settings, then select Charge
only.
Overview of Battery Icons
You can check the battery level from the battery icon on the phone screen.
Essentials
30

--- Page 35 ---
Battery Icon Battery Level
Less than 4% battery remaining.
Charging, less than 10% battery remaining.
Charging, 10% to 90% battery remaining.
Charging, at least 90% battery remaining.
If 100% is displayed next to the battery icon, or a charging complete
message is displayed on the lock screen, the battery is fully charged.
Wireless Reverse Charging
Wireless reverse charging is supported by devices (such as phones, tablets, watches, or
bands) that support the Qi Wireless Charging Standard.
Before using wireless reverse charging, ensure that the battery level of your phone is higher
than 20% and that it is not in Ultra Power Saving mode.
 
1 Go to  Settings > Battery, and enable Wireless reverse charging.
2 Power on the device to be charged, and place it on the center of the back of your phone.
Do not place any metal objects between your phone and the device to be charged.
3 If the device does not start charging within 5 seconds, adjust its position and try again.
4 If the device to be charged is removed from the phone for more than 2 minutes during
charging, Wireless reverse charging will automatically be disabled.
Essentials
31

--- Page 36 ---
Reverse Charging with an OTG Cable
On-The-Go (OTG) is a USB transmitting technology that allows a phone to directly access
les on a USB ash drive or digital camera, or connect to an external device such as a
keyboard or mouse, with the help of an OTG cable.
 
You can use your phone to charge other devices using an OTG cable.
1 Connect your phone with the device to be charged using an OTG cable.
2 When the Use USB to dialog box is displayed on your phone, touch Reverse charge.
If another option has been set previously, the dialog box will not pop up. Swipe down
from the status bar to open the 
notication panel, touch Settings, and then select
Reverse charge.
3 Follow the onscreen instructions on the device to be charged to start charging.
Essentials
32

--- Page 37 ---
Smart Features
AI Lens
Scan Codes
HiVision can read various QR codes and instantly direct you to the corresponding app screen.
1 Open the camera, touch 
, then touch  .
2 Place the QR code within the scan frame and wait for it to be recognized.
Scan to Shop
The Shopping feature of HiVision lets you scan goods to get purchase recommendations for
similar items online.
1 Open the camera, touch  , then touch  .
2 Frame the target object in the viewnder. You will be given purchase recommendations
once the object has been recognized. You can also touch   to take a photo, which will
be recognized automatically.
HiTouch
Use HiTouch for Convenient Shopping
When you see an item you wish to buy on your phone screen, touch and hold it with two
ngers to search for it online, and touch the displayed links to view more details.
1 Go to  Settings > Accessibility features > HiTouch, then enable HiTouch.
2 Touch and hold the item you wish to purchase with two ngers spread slightly apart.
3 After the subject is identied, links to the item on dierent shopping platforms will then
display.
4 You can also adjust the position and size of the identication box to select other items
you're interested in.
5 Touch the links to view product details and make a purchase.
Easy Projection
Wireless Projection
You can connect your phone to an external display (for example, a TV) wirelessly.
 
33

--- Page 38 ---
1 Based on the model and functions of your external display, do the following:
• If the external display supports Miracast, enable wireless projection on it.
• If not, use a wireless HDMI adapter to connect your phone and external display. Ensure
that the wireless HDMI adapter is connected to a power supply.
To check whether your external display supports Miracast and how to enable wireless
projection on it, consult the user guide or customer service of the external display
manufacturer.
2 Swipe down from the status bar to open the 
notication panel, then touch   to turn on
Wi-Fi.
3 Swipe down further on the 
notication panel to enable Wireless Projection. Your phone
will now search for the external display or the wireless HDMI adapter.
Alternatively, go to 
Settings > More connections > Easy Projection and enable
Wireless projection.
4 Touch the name of the external display or the wireless HDMI adapter on the search result
list to start projecting.
Wired Projection
You can connect your phone to an external display (for example, a TV) using a wired
connection.
Smart Features
34

--- Page 39 ---
It is recommended that you purchase the accessories recommended or specied by Huawei
from authorized sources.
Projection Using a Type-C Cable
1 Prepare a Type-C cable.
Use a Type-C to HDMI, Type-C to DP, or Type-C to MiniDP cable depending on your
external display.
 
2 Connect the Type-C end to your phone and the other end to the external display.
 
3 On the external display, set the corresponding HDMI, DP, or MiniDP input as the signal
source.
Projection Using a Docking Station
If you need to connect your phone to an external display and use a wired mouse and
keyboard, use a docking station with a USB port.
1 Prepare a docking station.
Multiple types of ports are available on a docking station. If your external display supports
HDMI and you need to use a wired mouse and keyboard, use a docking station with at
least one HDMI port and two USB ports.
Smart Features
35

--- Page 40 ---
2 Connect your phone and the external display through the docking station, then connect
the wired mouse and keyboard to the docking station.
 
3 On the external display, set the corresponding HDMI, DP, or MiniDP input as the signal
source.
Desktop Mode
For enhanced work eciency, project the content of your phone onto an external display,
swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel, then enable DESKTOP
MODE.
In DESKTOP MODE, the display of your phone will be arranged in a desktop layout, and
operations on your phone won't aect what's on the external display. For example, you can
Smart Features
36

--- Page 41 ---
edit a document on the external display while chatting on your phone. You don't need to
worry about missing notications, calls, or messages, as a red dot will appear on the
notication panel on the external display to keep you informed.
Use Your Phone as a Touchpad
Swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel, then touch TOUCHPAD. You
can now do the following:
• Use gestures as instructed to simulate mouse commands.
 
Touch to left-click
Touch twice and drag to 
select text
Slide two fingers to scroll
Touch with two fingers to right-click
• When no external keyboard is connected, click the text input box on the external display to
bring out the onscreen keyboard to input text.
If an external keyboard is connected, the onscreen keyboard will not be available. In this
case, you need to use the external keyboard to input text.
Project Your Phone to an External Display to Facilitate Your Work
In DESKTOP MODE, you can use the following features:
• Multiple windows: Open more than one window at a time to multitask.
• File management: Save les to the desktop, create les or folders, and rename or delete
les.
• Quick search: Search for documents, multimedia les, and apps using the start menu search
box.
• Create app shortcuts: From the start menu, touch and hold an app and then drag it to the
desktop to create a shortcut. You can also right-click an app icon and select the option to
create an app shortcut on the desktop.
• Audio output: Touch the audio output icon in the status bar, then select the external display
or your Phone as the audio output device.
• App projection: Touch and hold an app icon on your phone to view the projection options.
You can now project and open the app on the external display.
• Highlighter: Use the highlighter feature to mark projected content using the touchpad.
Exit Desktop Mode
Swipe down from the status bar to open the 
notication panel, then touch PHONE MODE.
Multi-Screen Collaboration
Smart Features
37

--- Page 42 ---
Multi-Screen Collaboration
After connecting your phone with a Huawei laptop, you can project the screen of your phone
to the screen of the laptop for multi-screen collaboration.
You can use the mouse and keyboard to perform operations in the phone window on your
computer, such as dragging and transferring les between your phone and computer.
Connect Your Phone and Computer with a Tap
1 Make sure your computer is marked with a Huawei Share or HONOR Magic-link icon.
Open PC Manager on your computer.
2 On your phone, swipe down from the status bar to open the 
notication panel. Swipe
down again to show all shortcuts, touch   to enable NFC.
3 Tap the NFC area at the back of your phone against the Huawei Share icon (or HONOR
Magic-link icon) on your computer and hold it there until your phone vibrates or plays a
notication sound.
4 Follow the onscreen instructions to connect your phone and computer.
Connect Your Phone and Computer via Bluetooth
1 Swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel. Touch   to enable
Bluetooth.
2 On the computer, open PC Manager and go to My Phone > Connect. Your computer will
start searching for your phone. Make sure your phone is placed near your computer.
3 Follow the onscreen instructions to connect your phone and computer.
Connect Your Phone and Computer by Scanning a QR Code
1 On the computer, open PC Manager and go to My Phone > Connect.
2 Select Scan QR Code to connect. Use your phone to scan the QR code on your computer
(requires your phone to be connected to the Internet).
3 Follow the onscreen instructions to connect your phone and computer.
Drag to Transfer Files between Your Phone and Computer
After your phone is connected with your computer, you can drag les (such as pictures,
videos, audio les, texts, oce documents, and compressed packages) using a mouse to
transfer them between your phone and computer without the need for a USB cable or other
tools.
• Transfer les from your phone to your computer:
Open Gallery in the phone window on your computer, left-click and hold a picture or video,
select one or more les, click and hold the selected les again, then drag them to a folder
on your computer.
Open Files in the phone window on your computer, then drag les to a folder on your
computer in the way described above.
Smart Features
38

--- Page 43 ---
You can also drag pictures or text to documents that are open on your computer. For
example, drag a photo or some text from Notepad in the phone window across to an Oce
document open on your computer, then continue editing it on your computer.
• Transfer les from your computer to your phone:
Open Gallery in the phone window on your computer, select pictures or videos in batches
from a local folder on your computer, then drag them across to Gallery.
Open Files in the phone window on your computer, select les in batches from a local
folder on your computer, then drag them across to Files. By default, les transferred from
your computer will be saved in the Huawei Share folder in Files.
You can also drag pictures or text to documents that are open on your phone. For example,
drag a picture on your computer to a Notepad item open on your phone, then continue
editing it on your phone.
Access Phone Apps and Files on Your Computer
Once your phone is connected to your computer, you can access apps and les from your
phone on your computer without the hassle of having to frequently switch between the two
devices. For example:
• Click to open apps or view notications. Right-click on the phone window to return to the
home screen of your phone. Scroll up and down using the scroll wheel on your mouse.
• Use the keyboard to enter text more conveniently when sending SMS messages, writing
emails, and so on.
• Play local or online videos, or recordings from your phone on your computer, and zoom in
or out on the video frame using the mouse.
• Continue unnished operations. For example, if you have recorded some ideas about work
in Notepad during your commute but have not nished editing, you can connect your
phone to a computer after arriving at work to continue doing so.
Disconnect Your Phone from Your Computer
After nishing working with both your phone and computer, you can disconnect your phone
from the computer using either of the following methods:
• On your computer, go to My Phone > Disconnect.
• Swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel and touch DISCONNECT.
Huawei Share OneHop
Use Huawei Share OneHop to Transfer Files
You can quickly transfer les between your phone and laptop with just one touch without the
hassle of using cables and third-party apps.
Currently, Huawei Share OneHop is supported on Huawei or Honor laptops with the Huawei
Share icon   or Magic-link icon   and installed with version 9.1 or later of PC Manager.
Smart Features
39

--- Page 44 ---
Connect Your Phone and Laptop with a Tap
1 Open PC Manager on your laptop, and agree to the 
End User License Agreement
 (EULA).
2 Swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel, then swipe down further
to display all shortcut switches. Then enable NFC, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth.
3 Hold the NFC area (around the rear camera of your phone) against the Huawei Share icon
(or Magic-link icon) on your laptop until your phone vibrates or plays a notication sound.
4 Follow the onscreen instructions on your phone and laptop to complete the connection.
Share Pictures and Videos with One Tap
 
• Share pictures and videos from your phone to your laptop:
1 Select one or more pictures or videos from Gallery on your phone.
2 Tap the NFC area of your phone against the Huawei Share (or Magic-link) icon on the
laptop and hold it there until your phone makes a sound or vibrates. The selected
pictures or videos will be transferred to your laptop.
If you want to identify, copy, or save text in the received picture on the laptop, click the
picture to display the image viewer, then click   to identify text and generate a text le.
• Share pictures from your laptop to your phone:
Smart Features
40

--- Page 45 ---
1 Right-click an individual picture le on your laptop, and open it with Huawei Image
viewer.
2 If you exit Gallery or return to the home screen on your phone, the picture open on your
laptop will be transferred to your phone when you tap it against your laptop (as
instructed above).
This feature is also supported by HUAWEI MateBooks or HONOR MagicBooks running PC
Manager 9.0 and with the Huawei Share or Magic-link icon.
Record Your Laptop Screen
Ever wanted to show o your gaming skills or share video clips from your laptop, but never
found a convenient way to do so? Huawei Share OneHop enables an instant connection
between your phone and laptop, letting you record your laptop screen on your phone with a
single tap.
 
1 Shake your phone, then immediately tap its NFC area against the Huawei Share label or
Magic-link label on the laptop and hold it there until your phone vibrates or plays a
notication sound. The laptop screen will then be projected to your phone and the
recording will start. You can record for a maximum of 60 seconds.
2 Touch 
 on your phone to stop the recording. The screen recording will be saved to
Gallery.
Smart Features
41

--- Page 46 ---
The Huawei Share OneHop feature is currently supported on Intel laptops only.
Share Files
 
• From phone to laptop
1 Use Microsoft 
Oce to open a le you want to share on your phone.
2 Hold the NFC area of your phone against the Huawei Share icon (or Magic-link icon) on
your laptop until your phone vibrates or plays a notication sound.
• From laptop to phone
1 Open a le you want to share using Microsoft Oce on your laptop.
2 Exit Microsoft Oce or return to the home screen on your phone, then tap your phone
against the laptop (as instructed above). You can then transfer the le open in Microsoft
Oce on your laptop to your phone.
Copy Clipboard Text
1 Open PC Manager on the laptop, select My Phone, click Enable, then follow the onscreen
instructions to allow the laptop to access data on your phone.
2 You can then copy and paste text on the clipboard to your phone or laptop.
Smart Features
42

--- Page 47 ---
3 Touch the PC Manager icon in the lower right corner of the laptop desktop, and select
Clipboard to view the recently copied text.
Huawei Share
Huawei Share
Huawei Share is a wireless sharing technology that allows you to quickly transfer images,
videos, documents, and other types of 
les between devices. This technology relies on
Bluetooth to discover nearby devices, and uses Wi-Fi Direct to transfer les without using
mobile data.
Enable or Disable Huawei Share
You can enable or disable Huawei Share in either of the following ways:
• Swipe down from the status bar to open the 
notication panel, then touch   to enable
or disable Huawei Share. Touch and hold the switch to enter the Huawei Share settings
screen.
• Go to  Settings > More connections > Huawei Share, enable or disable Huawei Share.
Enabling Huawei Share automatically turns on Wi-Fi and Bluetooth.
Quickly Share Files Between Phones
You can use Huawei Share to quickly share les between Huawei phones. The recipient can
preview the les before they are sent, then view the full content of the les once they have
been received. For example, the recipient can view received pictures or videos in Gallery.
 
Smart Features
43

--- Page 48 ---
1 On the receiving device, enable Huawei Share.
2 On the sending device, touch and hold the le you want to share, then go to More >
Share or touch  . Touch Huawei Share, then touch the name of the receiving device to
send the le.
The exact operations may vary if you are sharing les directly from apps.
3 On the receiving device, touch ACCEPT to accept the transfer.
To view the received 
les, go to Files, select the Categories tab, then go to Internal storage
> Huawei Share.
Received pictures or videos can also be found in  Gallery > Albums > Huawei Share.
Share Files Between Your Phone and Computer
You can use Huawei Share to quickly and easily share les wirelessly between your phone
and a computer.
 
Smart Features
44

--- Page 49 ---
1 Make sure your phone and computer are connected to the same Wi-Fi network.
If the computer is a MateBook (PC Manager earlier than version 9.1), this is not
necessary. All you need to do is make sure its Wi-Fi and Bluetooth switches are
enabled.
2 On your phone, enter the Huawei Share settings screen, and enable Huawei Share and
Computer share.
3 Record the Name shown on computers and the username and password under
Verication on computers.
4 On your computer, go to:
• Windows: Computer > Network
• iOS (iOS 10.8 or later): Finder > Go to > Network
5 On your computer, double-click the name of your phone, and enter the username and
password recorded earlier.
6 Open a folder of your phone such as the Internal storage folder, then view, edit, or copy
les from the folder to the computer, or copy les from the computer to this folder to
store them in your phone.
You can also edit the les in this folder on your computer, and the changes will be synced
to your phone automatically. Similarly, if you edit any les on your phone, the changes
will be synced to your computer as well.
Smart Features
45

--- Page 50 ---
One-Touch Printing with Huawei Share
When a printer that supports Huawei Share is nearby, you can use Huawei Share to nd the
printer and print out pictures or PDF les from your phone.
 
1 Depending on the type of printer, ensure the following:
• Wi-Fi capable printers: The printer must be powered on and connected to the same
network as your phone.
• Wi-Fi Direct capable printers: The printer must be powered on and have Wi-Fi Direct
enabled.
• Bluetooth capable printers: The printer must be powered on and discoverable.
2 On your phone, preview the le to be printed, then go to Share > Huawei Share.
3 Once the printer has been discovered, touch its name on your phone, and adjust settings
on the preview screen. Then touch PRINT to print.
If you are connecting a Bluetooth printer to your phone for the rst time, nd the printer
on your phone, touch the printer name, then press and hold the Power button on the
printer for about 1 second to conrm the connection.
For a list of supported printers, touch Learn more on the Huawei Share sharing screen,
swipe left on the screen, then touch What printers are supported? to see the list.
Smart Features
46

--- Page 51 ---
Digital Car Key
Turn Your Phone into a Car Key
Your phone can now be used to open and start your car. You can also share and revoke
digital car keys at any time to minimize security risks. The digital key data is saved in the
security chip of the device, meaning it cannot be stolen or copied. Even if your phone powers
o due to low battery, it can still be used to open and start your car within 24 hours of
shutdown.
 
1 Download the vehicle manufacturer's app on your phone, such as My Audi, then activate
the car key on your phone with the help of the customer service personnel of the vehicle
manufacturer or authorized car dealership.
2 On your phone, go to  Settings > More connections > NFC, open NFC, then set the
vehicle manufacturer's app as the Default app.
3 To unlock your car, hold the NFC area (located by the rear camera) of your phone near
the car door handle.
4 To start your car, place your phone in the wireless charging shelf and press the start
button on the car. Once your car has started, you can remove your phone from the
wireless charging shelf.
5 To lock your car, close the door when you get out, then hold the NFC area of your phone
near the car door handle.
Smart Features
47

--- Page 52 ---
• Currently, this feature is only available on selected Audi models. For details, contact
Audi customer service or go to the authorized car dealership for assistance.
• If your phone is lost, you can revoke your digital key from your car or the vehicle
manufacturer's app or website. You can also share multiple secondary keys with others
on your phone via your vehicle manufacturer's app. For details, see the user guide of
your car.
AR Measure
AR Measure
AR Measure enables you to measure height, volume, and more without needing a measuring
tape.
Before taking measurements, ensure that your surroundings are well lit and clear of
obstacles and reective objects.
Measure Height
 
1 Open the Tools folder on the home screen, then touch  AR Measure.
Smart Features
48

--- Page 53 ---
2 On the AR Measure screen, touch Height.
3 Frame the subject's feet in the viewnder and slowly move your phone to locate the
plane.
4 Point 
 at the subject's feet and touch   to mark the starting point.
5 Slowly lift your phone to include the subject's entire body in the viewnder. When the
subject's face is identied, your phone will automatically display the subject's height.
Drag the end point to ne-tune the measurement result.
Touch   to capture the measuring screen.
To measure the height of two or three people at the same time, get them to stand side
by side, then mark the feet of one subject as the starting point. Lift your phone until your
subjects' faces have been identied, at which point their individual heights will be
displayed.
Measure Length
1 On the AR Measure screen, touch Length.
2 Frame the object in the viewnder and slowly move your phone to locate the plane.
3 Point 
 at the object and touch   to mark the starting point.
4 Move your phone slowly so that   travels along the edge of the object. When it reaches
the end of the edge, touch  .
5 Your phone will automatically display the object's length.
Drag the end point to ne-tune the measurement result.
Measure Area
Currently, only the area of rectangles can be measured.
1 On the AR Measure screen, touch Area.
2 Frame the object in the viewnder and slowly move your phone to locate the plane.
3 When your phone identies the object, a frame will appear. After the frame overlaps with
the object, touch  .
4 Your phone will automatically display the result.
Drag the end point to ne-tune the measurement result.
Measure Volume
Currently, only the volume of cubes can be measured.
On the AR Measure screen, touch Volume. Both automatic and manual measurements are
allowed.
Make sure the object is not placed against a wall. Keep a 1–1.5 m (39–59 in.) distance
between your phone and the object.
Smart Features
49

--- Page 54 ---
Automatic Volume Measurement
1 Ensure that Auto is turned on. Frame the object in the 
viewnder and slowly move your
phone to locate the plane.
2 When your phone 
identies the object and displays a frame, touch  .
3 Your phone will automatically display the result.
Drag the frame to ne-tune the measurement result.
Manual Volume Measurement
1 Turn 
o Auto. Frame the object in the viewnder and slowly move your phone to locate
the plane.
2 Point 
 at the tip of the object's bottom edge and touch   to mark the starting
point.
3 Move your phone slowly so that   travels along the long edge of the object. When it
reaches the end of the edge, touch  .
4 Move your phone to create a frame for the object's bottom. When the frame overlaps with
the bottom plane, touch  .
5 Move your phone to create a frame for the whole object. After the frame overlaps with
the object, touch  .
6 Your phone will automatically display the result.
Drag the frame to ne-tune the measurement result.
Smart Remote
Smart Remote
Your phone uses infrared technology, allowing you to pair it with household appliances in the
Smart Remote app and use it to remotely control appliances such as TVs, air conditioners,
STBs, DVD players, cameras, projectors, and network boxes.
 
Smart Features
50

--- Page 55 ---
Add and Use a Remote Control
1 Go to  Smart Remote >  , select the device type (such as TV, air conditioner, STB,
DVD player, camera, projector, or network box), and then the brand.
2 Point the infrared sensor on the top of your phone at the household appliance, and follow
the onscreen instructions to add it to your remote control.
3 After adding the appliance, simply touch   to control it remotely.
Set Up a Remote Control
1 Go to 
Smart Remote >   and touch  .
2 Swipe through the remote control panels to select the one you want, and touch Go to
remote control panel.
3 Point the infrared sensor on the top of the phone at the infrared sensor of a home
remote, keeping it at a distance of about 5 cm. Touch and hold a key on the phone you
want to program for 2 seconds to start learning the operation. Hold your phone and the
home remote steady during the process.
Enable or Disable Remote Control Keypad Touch Sounds
Go to  Smart Remote >   > Settings to enable or disable keypad touch sounds and/or
vibration.
Smart Features
51

--- Page 56 ---
Camera and Gallery
Launch Camera
Launch Camera
There are multiple ways to open the Camera app.
From the Home Screen
From the home screen, open 
Camera.
From the Lock Screen
When the screen is locked, turn on the screen, then swipe up on the camera icon in the lower
right corner to open the camera.
Take Photos
Take Photos
 
52

--- Page 57 ---
1 Open  Camera.
2 You can then:
• Focus: Touch where you want to focus.
To adjust focus and metering separately, touch and hold the viewnder and drag the
individual ring or frame to the desired location.
• Adjust brightness: Touch the viewnder. When the   symbol appears next to the
focus frame, drag it up or down.
• Zoom in or out: On the viewnder, pinch or spread two ngers, or drag the zoom
slider.
• Select a camera mode: Swipe left or right across the camera mode options.
Camera and Gallery
53

--- Page 58 ---
• Turn the ash on or o: Touch   and select   (Auto),   (On),   (O), or
 (Always on).
Some features are only available when using the rear camera.
3 Touch 
 to take a photo.
Use the Floating Shutter Button to Take Photos
A oating shutter button is displayed when you are using the camera. Drag it anywhere you
like to take photos quickly.
This feature may not be available in some camera modes.
 
1 Open  Camera.
2 When you select Photo, Portrait, or another applicable mode, the oating shutter button
will be displayed on the viewnder.
Drag the oating shutter button anywhere you like. Then touch it to take a photo.
Camera and Gallery
54

--- Page 59 ---
Take Burst Photos
Use Burst mode to take a sequence of photos in quick succession so you can choose the best
one.
Burst shooting is only available when using the rear camera.
1 Open  Camera and select Photo mode.
2 Touch and hold   to take a burst photo.
When shooting, you'll see a counter, which indicates how many photos you've taken so
far.
3 Lift your 
nger to stop shooting.
Once you have 
nished, select photos you want to keep from the burst.
1 Open  Gallery.
2 Touch a burst photo (which will be tagged with 
), then touch  .
3 Swipe through the burst photos, select the ones you want to keep, then touch   and
follow the onscreen instructions.
4 To delete the whole burst photo, touch and hold to select the photo, then touch  .
Take Timed Photos
The camera timer allows you to set a time delay so you can get into position after you have
touched the shutter button.
1 Open 
Camera.
2 Go to   > Timer and select a delay option.
3 Return to the viewnder and touch the shutter button. Your phone will take a photo when
the countdown ends.
Use Voice Commands to Take Photos
You can use your voice to take photos without having to touch the shutter button.
1 Open  Camera.
2 Go to 
 > Audio control, enable Audio control, and select an audio control option.
3 Go back to the viewnder, then say your command to take a photo.
Shoot in Portrait, Night, and Wide Aperture Modes
Camera and Gallery
55

--- Page 60 ---
Shoot in Portrait, Night, and Wide Aperture Modes
Use Portrait Mode to Shoot Portraits
Portrait mode lets you apply beauty, lighting, and blur eects to your photos to shoot
stunning portraits.
 
1 Open  Camera and select Portrait mode.
2 Frame your subject in the viewnder.
To take a sele, touch  .
3 You can also:
• Enable beauty eect: Touch   and drag the slider to adjust beauty settings. A larger
value will produce a more distinct beauty eect. To disable the beauty eect, drag
each setting to its lowest value.
• Set blur and lighting eects: Touch   and select blur and lighting eects to your
liking.
4 Touch 
 to take a photo.
Camera and Gallery
56

--- Page 61 ---
Take Night Shots
Night mode solves the issues caused by low light and night shooting to give your photos
sharper details and brighter colors.
You can also use Night mode when shooting backlit subjects and scenes with owing water,
such as waterfalls, to create a better contrast or a smooth, silky water eect.
1 Open  Camera and select Night mode.
2 If you are using the rear camera, touch   on the viewnder to adjust the ISO sensitivity
or 
 to adjust the shutter speed.
3 Keep your phone steady and touch  .
4 Your phone will adjust the exposure time based on the ambient brightness. Keep your
phone steady.
Do not stop shooting before the countdown nishes or your photos may come out blurry.
Shoot Wide Aperture Photos and Videos
Wide aperture mode allows you to shoot photos and videos where the background is blurred
while your subject remains in sharp focus.
 
Camera and Gallery
57

--- Page 62 ---
1 Open  Camera and select Aperture mode.
2 Touch where you want to focus. For best results, your phone needs to be within 2 meters
(about 7 ft.) of your subject.
3 Touch   in the viewnder and drag the slider to adjust aperture settings. A smaller
aperture value will create a more blurred background.
4 Touch the shutter button to shoot a photo or video. When recording, touch the viewnder
to adjust the focus.
Edit Background Blur in Wide Aperture Photos
You can adjust the focus and background blur after you've taken a wide aperture photo.
1 Go to  Gallery > Albums > Camera.
2 Touch a photo tagged with  , then touch   at the top of the photo.
3 Follow the instructions to touch the photo to re-focus. Drag the slider at the bottom to
adjust the aperture.
4 Touch   to save the settings.
Master AI
Master AI
Master AI is a pre-installed camera feature that helps you take better photos by intelligently
identifying objects and scenarios and optimizing the camera settings accordingly.
Master AI is able to identify a variety of scenes, such as stages, beaches, blue skies, greenery,
and text. It will only work when the rear camera is used.
1 Open  Camera and select Photo mode.
2 Touch 
 to enable Master AI.
3 Frame the subject in the viewnder. Once Master AI identies what you are shooting, it
will automatically recommend a mode (such as portrait, greenery, or text).
4 To disable the recommended mode, touch 
 next to the mode text or touch   to
disable Master AI.
Use Moon Mode
 
Camera and Gallery
58

--- Page 63 ---
1 Open  Camera and select Photo mode.
2 Turn on 
 to enable Master AI.
3 Aim the camera at the moon and spread your ngers on the viewnder to adjust the
zoom to 10x or more. When your phone detects the moon, it will automatically enter
Moon mode.
4 Touch 
 to take a photo.
Moon mode can only identify the moon if it is at least half full. Moon mode may not be
triggered if the moon is shrouded by clouds.
Take Wide-Angle or Long-Focus Photos
Take Wide-Angle or Long-Focus Photos
The zoom capabilities of your device's camera allow you to capture more of a scene, or
distant vistas.
Take Wide-Angle Photos
 
Camera and Gallery
59

--- Page 64 ---
1 Open  Camera and select Photo mode.
2 Turn on   to enable Master AI.
3 Aim the camera at the building you want to take a photo of.
If the camera does not automatically recommend Wide mode, you can drag the zoom
slider in the viewnder, or pinch or spread two ngers to adjust the zoom level. A smaller
value will result in a wider eld of view.
4 Touch   to take a photo.
You will not be able to adjust the zoom when the resolution is set to the maximum.
Take Long-Focus Photos
1 Open  Camera and select Photo mode.
2 Aim the camera at the distant object you want to shoot. Drag the zoom slider, or pinch or
spread two ngers to adjust the zoom.
You will not be able to adjust the zoom when the resolution is set to the maximum.
3 In the viewnder, touch where you want to focus. When the camera is in focus, touch  .
Take Panoramic Photos
Take Panoramic Photos
Add breadth to your landscape or group photos with the Panorama feature. The camera
takes multiple photos of objects within your 
eld of view and stitches them together into a
single panoramic photo.
Use the Rear Camera to Take Panoramic Photos
1 Go to 
Camera > More and select Panorama mode.
2 Touch 
 at the bottom of the viewnder to set the pan direction.
Camera and Gallery
60

--- Page 65 ---
3 Point the camera at your starting point, then touch   to start shooting.
4 Slowly move the camera in the direction of the arrow displayed on the screen. Keep your
phone steady and the arrow on the center line the entire time.
5 Touch   when you are nished.
Use the Front Camera to Take Panoramic Seles
1 In Panorama mode, touch   to switch to the front camera.
2 Point the camera at the center of your shot, then touch 
 to take the rst photo.
3 Turn the camera to the left and right slowly as instructed. When the two frames on the
viewnder overlap, the camera will automatically take the second and third photos.
After the three photos are taken, the camera will automatically combine them into a
panoramic photo.
Take Black and White Photos
Take Black and White Photos
Black and white photography removes distracting colors to help you focus more on form,
shape, and texture.
1 Open  Camera.
2 Go to More > Monochrome and select one of the following modes based on your subject
and scene:
• Normal: This mode suits all kinds of subjects.
• Aperture: This mode blurs the background and lends greater emphasis to the subject.
• Portrait: This mode blurs the background and lets you adjust the beauty 
eect.
• Pro: This mode allows you to adjust the camera settings, including the metering mode,
sensitivity, and shutter speed.
3 Touch   to take a photo.
AR Lens
AR Lens
Use AR lens to make your photos fun and stand out.
Use 3D Qmoji to Create Your Own Qmojis
1 Go to  Camera > More and select AR lens.
Camera and Gallery
61

--- Page 66 ---
2 Touch 3D Qmoji and select an animated Qmoji. The Qmoji will then mimic and act out
your facial expressions accordingly.
3 Touch 
 to enable or disable the background.
4 Turn on 
, then look straight at the front camera.
5 Touch and hold   to record a Qmoji.
6 After the recording is complete, add text or directly save the Qmoji. The Qmoji will be
saved to Gallery in GIF format.
Use 3D Qmoji to Record Videos
 
1 Touch 3D Qmoji and select an animated Qmoji. The Qmoji will then mimic and act out
your facial expressions accordingly.
2 Touch 
 to enable or disable the background.
3 Make sure 
 is not turned on, then look straight at the front camera.
4 Touch   to start recording.
5 Touch 
 to nish recording.
Camera and Gallery
62

--- Page 67 ---
Light Painting
Light Painting
Light painting helps you capture light trails by allowing the shutter to stay open for a longer
time. No manual aperture and shutter adjustment is involved.
Just choose from the available options depending on the subjects and light conditions. To
reduce camera shake, a tripod is recommended to steady your phone.
 
Capture Car Light Trails in Trac Trails Mode
Trac trails mode lets you create artistic photos of car tail lights at night.
1 Go to 
Camera > More > Light painting > Trac trails.
2 Find a spot where you'll see the light trails created by cars from a distance. Ensure that
car headlights do not point directly at the camera, as this can overexpose the image.
3 Touch   to start shooting. Observe the shot in the viewnder. When the exposure is just
right, touch   to nish shooting.
Camera and Gallery
63

--- Page 68 ---
Capture Light Drawings in Light Grati Mode
Light grati mode lets you create patterns or write words by moving a light source in front
of the camera.
1 Go to  Camera > More > Light painting > Light grati.
2 In a dark environment without distracting light sources, move a suitably bright light
source of an appropriate color, such as a small torch or glow stick, in front of the camera.
Avoid exaggerated body movement as this may aect the shooting results.
3 Touch   to start shooting. Observe the shot in the viewnder. When the exposure is just
right, touch 
 to nish shooting.
Capture Rivers and Waterfalls in Silky Water Mode
Silky water mode lets you capture silky smooth photographs of waterfalls and rivers.
1 Go to  Camera > More > Light painting > Silky water.
2 This feature works best when taking photos of a stream or waterfall where the water is
owing heavily.
3 Touch   to start shooting. Observe the shot in the viewnder. When the exposure is just
right, touch   to nish shooting.
Capture the Beauty of the Stars in Star Trails Mode
Star trails mode lets you use your camera to capture the movement of the stars in the night
sky.
1 Go to 
Camera > More > Light painting > Star trails.
2 For best results, choose a clear night in a location free of light pollution and with an
unobstructed view of the sky.
3 Touch   to start shooting. Observe the shot in the viewnder. When the exposure is just
right, touch   to nish shooting.
Take HDR Photos
Take HDR Photos
When shooting photos with backlighting or a high light contrast, High Dynamic Range (HDR)
mode can help you improve light and shadow 
eects in your photos, giving your photos
sharper details.
Camera and Gallery
64

--- Page 69 ---
Use HDR with the Rear Camera
1 Go to  Camera > More and select HDR.
2 Steady your phone, with the help of a tripod if necessary.
3 Touch   to take a photo.
Use HDR with the Front Camera
When using the front camera, enable HDR to avoid underexposure and take better-looking
photos and videos.
1 Open  Camera and touch   to switch to the front camera.
2 Select Portrait, Photo, or Video mode.
3 Turn on   to enable AI HDR.
4 Frame your subject in the viewnder.
5 Touch the shutter button to shoot a photo or video.
Moving Pictures
Moving Pictures
Moving pictures capture a second of movement and sound before and after you touch the
shutter button.
Take Moving Pictures
Go to 
Camera > More > Moving picture and touch   to take a photo.
Play Moving Pictures
Moving pictures are saved in JPG format in Gallery.
Go to 
Gallery > Albums > Camera, touch a moving picture, then touch   at the top of
the picture to view it.
The moving picture will automatically stop after a complete playback. You can also touch the
screen to stop the playback.
Share Moving Pictures
Go to  Gallery > Albums > Camera, touch and hold to select the moving picture you
want to share, then touch   to share it.
Camera and Gallery
65

--- Page 70 ---
• Moving pictures can be shared through Wi-Fi Direct, Bluetooth, Huawei Share, and
more. In order to play the moving picture eect, the receiving device must be a Huawei
or Honor device that can take moving pictures.
• If you share moving pictures to third-party apps or incompatible devices, they will
display as static images.
Add Stickers to Photos
Add Stickers to Photos
Add a sticker, such as time, location, weather, or mood, to spice up your photos.
1 Go to 
Camera > More > Stickers.
If this mode is not there, touch   and then download Stickers.
2 Touch 
 and select a sticker. The selected sticker will be displayed in the viewnder.
3 Drag the sticker to change its position. You can also edit the text of some types of stickers.
4 Touch 
 to take a photo.
Documents Mode
Documents Mode
Images shot at an angle always 
suer from the problem of perspective. If you aren't able to
take a perfectly straight photo of a document, use Documents mode.
The camera will automatically adjust skewed images shot in Documents mode.
Shoot Photos in Documents Mode
1 Go to 
Camera > More > Documents. If this mode is not there, touch   and then
download Documents.
2 Frame the document you want to shoot in the 
viewnder, such as a presentation slide on
a projector or a street poster. Then touch 
.
3 The camera then automatically 
identies the text area within the viewnder and unskews
the image.
Adjust the Text Area
If you nd the skew correction provided by Documents mode unsatisfactory, you can also
manually adjust the text area.
This is only available for photos taken in Documents mode.
Camera and Gallery
66

--- Page 71 ---
1 Go to  Gallery > Albums > Camera, then touch the photo you wish to adjust.
2 Touch   above the photo.
3 Drag the four corners to customize the correction area. Then touch 
.
Pro Mode
Pro Mode
Pro mode lets you ne-tune photos and videos and gives you full control over metering, ISO
sensitivity, exposure, and more when taking photos or recording videos.
Some of the above settings are not available when you shoot videos in Pro mode.
 
Camera and Gallery
67

--- Page 72 ---
1 Open  Camera and select Pro mode.
2 In Pro mode, you can customize camera settings to shoot unique and professional-looking
photos. You can also shoot videos by touching  .
Before shooting, you can:
• Adjust the metering mode: Touch M to select a metering mode.
Metering Mode Description
Matrix
Captures average light levels across the screen.
Applicable when shooting landscapes.
Center
Gives more weight to light levels at the center of the
screen. Applicable when shooting portrait or macro
photos.
Spot
Concentrates on the light in a small area or point of the
screen, such as the subject's eyes.
• Adjust the ISO sensitivity: Touch ISO and drag the slider.
In low-light conditions, a higher ISO sensitivity is recommended. In well-lit
environments, lower the ISO sensitivity to avoid image noise.
• Adjust the shutter speed: Touch S and drag the slider.
When you are shooting static scenes or portraits, it is recommended that you lower the
shutter speed. When you are shooting moving scenes, it is recommended that you
increase the shutter speed.
• Adjust EV exposure compensation: Touch EV· and drag the slider.
Increase the EV value in low-light conditions and lower the value in well-lit
environments.
• Adjust the focus: Touch AF· and drag the slider.
Focus Mode Applicable Scenario
AF-S (single) Stationary subjects
AF-C (continuous) Moving subjects
MF (manual) Touch the subject on which you want to focus.
• Adjust the color cast: Touch WB· and select a mode.
When shooting in bright sunlight, select 
. In low-light environments, select  .
Touch   to adjust the color temperature. If you want to give your photo or video a
warm, cozy, or nostalgic tone, increase the K value. For a cool, calm, or futuristic tone,
reduce the K value.
• Use Horizontal level: Touch   and enable Horizontal level.
Camera and Gallery
68

--- Page 73 ---
A horizontal guiding line will appear on the viewnder. When the dotted line overlaps
with the solid line, the camera is parallel with the horizontal level. It is recommended
that you enable this function when shooting buildings or landscapes.
• Use AF auxiliary light: Touch   and enable AF auxiliary light for better focus in low-
light environments.
• Save RAW format photos: RAW format records more detail and allows you to have a
wider range of post-processing options. Go to   > Resolution and enable RAW
format.
Now when you take a photo, it will be saved in RAW and standard formats. The RAW
format photos will be saved to the RAW photo album in Gallery.
RAW format pictures take up more storage space than standard format pictures.
Make sure that your phone has sucient storage space.
3 Touch the shutter button to shoot a photo or video.
Record Videos
Record Videos
1 Open  Camera and select Video mode.
2 Adjust the following settings:
• Zoom in or out: On the viewnder, pinch or spread two ngers, or drag the zoom
slider.
• Focus: Touch where you want to focus. Touch and hold the viewnder to lock the
exposure and focus.
• Turn the ash on or o: Touch  , then touch   to keep the ash on, or   to
turn it o.
• Adjust the beauty eect: Touch   and drag the slider to adjust beauty settings.
• Adjust the video resolution and frame rate: Go to   > Resolution and select the
desired resolution.
Then touch Frame rate and Encoding to set the frame rate and encoding format.
A higher resolution will result in a higher quality video, but will also take up more
storage space.
3 Touch   to start recording.
While recording, touch and hold   or   to smoothly zoom in or out.
Touch 
 to take a photo while recording.
Camera and Gallery
69

--- Page 74 ---
4 Touch   to pause and   to end the recording.
AI Movie Eects
AI Movie Eects
Enable AI movie eects to add unique artistic eects to your videos without the need for any
post-processing.
 
1 Open  Camera and select Video mode.
2 Switch to the rear camera, touch  , and select a special eect.
3 Go to   > Resolution and select 21:9 to give your video a cinematic character.
4 Touch 
 to start recording.
While recording, touch   to take a photo with the selected special eect.
5 Touch   to end the recording.
Camera and Gallery
70

--- Page 75 ---
4K HD Videos
4K HD Videos
1 Open 
Camera and select Video mode.
2 Go to   > Resolution and select (16:9) 4K.
3 Return to the Video screen, and touch 
 to record a video.
A higher resolution will result in a higher quality video, but will also take up more
storage space.
Slow-Mo Recording
Slow-Mo Recording
Use Slow-mo mode to capture eeting moments in detail. Adjust the slow motion speed
based on how slow you want your footage to appear.
• 256x super slow-mo: The camera can shoot up to 7680 frames per second. This mode is
suitable for shooting super high speed motions, such as ying insects apping wings and
lightning strikes.
• 32x super slow-mo: When the camera detects a moving object in the viewnder, it will
record a super slow motion video. This mode is suitable for shooting high speed motions,
such as bubbles popping and water splashing.
• 4x or 8x slow-mo: You can customize the overall shooting length and the length of the
slow-mo portion. This mode is suitable for shooting breakdowns of fast movements, such
as diving and kicking a football.
Shoot Super Slow-Mo Videos at 256x
1 Go to  Camera > More, then touch Slow-mo.
2 Touch 
, select 256X, and make sure motion detection is enabled (  should display
at the top of the screen).
3 Frame your subject in the 
viewnder, then touch   to start recording. When the camera
detects a moving object in the viewnder, it will record a super slow motion video at 256x.
To record a video manually, touch   to disable motion detection, then touch   to start
recording.
Shoot Slow-Mo Videos at 32x
1 Go to  Camera > More, then touch Slow-mo.
Camera and Gallery
71

--- Page 76 ---
2 Ensure that the speed is 32X and motion detection is enabled (  should display at the
top of the screen).
3 Frame your subject in the viewnder, then touch   to start recording. When the camera
detects a moving object in the viewnder, it will record an epic, super slow motion video.
To record a video manually, touch 
 to disable motion detection, then touch   to start
recording.
Shoot Slow-Mo Videos at 4x or 8x
1 In Slow-mo mode, touch   to switch to 4x or 8x.
2 Touch 
 to start recording.
3 Touch   to end the recording.
Adjust the Slow-Mo Portion in Slow-Mo Videos
The length of the slow-mo portion in slow motion videos can be adjusted.
This feature is only available for slow motion videos recorded at 4x or 8x.
1 Go to  Gallery > Albums > Camera and select a slow motion video.
2 Touch   to play the video. During playback, touch the video to bring up the editing
area.
3 Drag the slider to adjust the portion you want to be played back in slow motion.
4 Touch 
 to adjust the volume of the background music and the brightness.
5 When you are 
nished, go to   > Save slow-mo le to save your edits.
Time-Lapse Photography
Time-Lapse Photography
You can use Time-lapse to capture images slowly over several minutes or even hours, then
condense them into a short video. This allows you to capture the beauty of change –
blooming owers, drifting clouds, and more.
1 Go to  Camera > More, then touch Time-lapse.
2 Place your phone in position. To reduce camera shake, use a tripod to steady your phone.
3 By default, Auto mode is enabled. To manually adjust camera settings, touch Auto. Then
you can:
Camera and Gallery
72

--- Page 77 ---
• Touch   to adjust the recording speed. For example, record trac trails at 15x or
blooming owers at 1800x.
A video recorded at a higher speed will play faster.
• Touch   to set the recording duration.
• Touch   to adjust the metering mode, shutter speed, ISO, and more.
4 Touch   to start recording. If no recording duration is set, touch   to end the
recording.
The recorded video is automatically saved to Gallery.
Dual-View Mode
Dual-View Mode
The Dual-view feature splits the recording screen into two views, allowing you to watch the
regular view side by side with a zoomed-in view.
 
1 Go to  Camera > More, then touch Dual-view.
2 Frame your subject in the viewnder, then touch   to start recording.
The regular view and the zoomed-in view will display side by side on the screen, with the
zoomed-in area being the center of the regular view. You can adjust the zoom level by
pinching in or out on the zoomed-in view.
3 Touch   to end the recording.
Leica Colors
Camera and Gallery
73

--- Page 78 ---
Leica Colors
1 Open  Camera and switch to the rear camera.
2 Touch   at the top of the viewnder, then select Leica standard, Leica vivid, or Leica
smooth.
3 Touch the shutter button to shoot a photo or video.
Not all camera modes support Leica colors.
Filters
Filters
1 Open 
Camera and select Photo or Video mode.
2 Touch   or   and select a lter.
3 Touch the shutter button to shoot a photo or video.
Edit Camera Modes
Edit Camera Modes
Your device allows you to download, update, and delete camera modes to better suit your
needs.
Download Camera Modes
1 Go to 
Camera > More.
2 Touch  , then touch ADD next to the mode you want to download.
When the download is complete, the new mode will be displayed in More.
Update Camera Modes
1 On the More screen, touch 
.
2 A red dot will display on any mode that has an update available. Follow the onscreen
instructions to update modes.
Delete Camera Modes
1 On the More screen, touch   to display the editing screen.
2 Touch   in the upper right corner of the mode you want to delete, then touch   to
save your settings. If   is not displayed, the mode cannot be deleted.
Camera and Gallery
74

--- Page 79 ---
To ensure that the camera runs correctly, pre-installed camera modes cannot be deleted.
Adjust Camera Settings
Adjust Camera Settings
Adjust the Camera Resolution
1 Open 
Camera and touch   to access the Settings screen.
2 Touch Resolution and select a resolution.
This feature is not available in some modes.
Enable Location Tag
Enable Location tag to tag your location in photos and videos.
Swipe up on a photo or video in Gallery to view its shooting location.
Add Device Watermarks to Photos
Enable Add watermark. Photos and videos shot with the rear camera will have a device
watermark added.
Use the Assistive Grid to Compose Your Photos
Use the assistive grid feature to help you line up the perfect shot.
 
1 Go to  Camera >  .
2 Enable Assistive grid.
3 Grid lines will appear in the viewnder. Place the subject of your photo on one of the
intersecting points, then touch 
.
Enable Mirror Reection
When using the front camera, touch   to enable or disable Mirror reection.
Camera and Gallery
75

--- Page 80 ---
Mute the Shutter Sound
Enable Mute to mute the camera shutter sound.
Capture Smiles
Enable Capture smiles. The camera will take a photo automatically when it detects a smile
in the viewnder.
Manage Gallery
View Photos and Videos
In Gallery, you can view, edit, and share your photos and videos, as well as browse the clips
automatically generated from them.
 
Camera and Gallery
76

--- Page 81 ---
View by Album
You can view photos and videos by album on the Albums tab.
Some photos and videos are stored in default albums. For example, videos recorded with the
camera are saved in the Camera album. Screenshots and screen recordings are saved in the
Screenshots album.
View by Category
Gallery intelligently sorts photos into categories, allowing you to quickly sift through large
albums by category.
Touch a category album on the Discover tab (such as food, portrait, or scenery) to view
photos in that album.
View Details About Photos and Videos
1 Touch a photo or video to view it in Full screen mode. Touch the screen again to hide the
menu.
2 In Full screen mode, you can check the following:
• Basic information: Swipe up on the photo or video to view basic information.
• Shooting settings: Touch 
 and scroll up or down to view shooting details in the
popup box, including the storage path, resolution, ISO, and EV.
Search for Photos
Quickly locate a photo by searching for keywords in Gallery.
 
Camera and Gallery
77

--- Page 82 ---
1 Open  Gallery, then touch   at the top of the screen.
2 Enter a keyword (such as "food", "scenery", or "ower").
3 Photos related to that keyword will be displayed. Touch a suggested keyword or enter
more keywords to nd more results.
Edit Photos and Videos
Gallery oers a wide range of editing features for photos and videos.
Basic Editing
Open  Gallery, touch the thumbnail of the photo you want to edit, then touch Edit to
access the editing features.
 
Camera and Gallery
78

--- Page 83 ---
• Rotate: Touch   and drag the angle wheel to the desired orientation.
You can also touch Rotate to rotate your photo 90 degrees or Mirror to ip it.
• Crop: Touch   and drag the grid or its corners to make your selection.
You can also select a xed ratio and drag the corners of the grid to crop the photo.
• Add lter eects: Touch   to select a lter.
• Color splash: Touch   to select the colors you want to highlight. Other parts of the photo
will be black and white.
• Blur: Touch  , select a blur mode, and drag the slider to adjust the blur.
• Adjust photo eects: Touch   to adjust the brightness, contrast, saturation, and other
qualities of the photo.
• Grati: Touch   to select a brush and color to add grati.
• Add a text element: Touch   to select an element style and font format.
Camera and Gallery
79

--- Page 84 ---
Add Stickers to Photos
1 Touch Edit > Stickers.
2 Select a type of sticker, such as Time, Location, Weather, or Mood.
3 Select a sticker and drag it to change its position. You can also edit the text of some types
of stickers.
4 Touch   to save your edits and   to save the photo.
Pixelate Photos
1 Touch Edit > Mosaic.
2 Select a mosaic style and size to censor parts of a photo.
3 To remove the mosaic, touch Eraser and wipe it o the photo.
4 Touch 
 to save your edits and   to save the photo.
Rename Photos
1 In Gallery, touch the photo thumbnail you want to rename.
2 Go to   > Rename and enter a new name.
3 Touch OK.
Edit Videos
 
1 Go to  Gallery > Albums > Videos, and touch the video you want to edit.
2 Touch 
. Then you can:
• Crop the video: Drag the slider at both ends of the video clip to select which part you
want to keep. Touch 
 to preview the cropped video.
• Adjust the video resolution: Select the desired resolution.
Camera and Gallery
80

--- Page 85 ---
A higher resolution will result in a higher quality video, but will also take up more
storage space.
3 When you are nished, touch   to export the video.
The exported video will be saved alongside the original video in its original album.
Share Photos and Videos
You can share photos and videos from Gallery in multiple ways.
1 Open  Gallery.
2 Use either of the following methods:
• Share a single photo or video: Touch the photo or video, then touch 
.
• Share multiple photos or videos: In an album, touch and hold to select multiple photos
and videos, then touch  .
Manage Gallery
Organize photos and videos into albums to easily sift through them.
Add Albums
1 Open 
Gallery, then touch Albums.
2 Touch Add album, then name the album.
3 Touch OK.
4 Select the photos or videos you want to add.
Move Photos and Videos
1 Open an album, then touch and hold to select the photos and videos you want to move.
2 Touch 
 > Move to select the desired album.
3 Once the items are moved, they will no longer be in their original album.
The All photos and Videos albums show all photos and videos stored on your device.
Moving items across albums will not remove them from these albums.
Delete Photos and Videos
Touch and hold to select the items you want to delete, then go to   > Delete.
The All photos, Videos, and Camera albums cannot be deleted.
Deleted photos and videos will be temporarily moved to the Recently deleted album before
being permanently deleted after 30 days.
Camera and Gallery
81

--- Page 86 ---
To permanently delete a photo or video manually, touch and hold its thumbnail in the
Recently deleted album, then go to   > Delete.
Recover Deleted Photos and Videos
In the Recently deleted album, touch and hold to select the items you want to recover, then
touch   to restore them to their original albums.
If the original album has been deleted, a new one will be created.
 
Add Photos and Videos to Favorites
Open a photo or video, then touch  .
The item will appear in both its original album and the My favorites album.
Hide Albums
System albums such as Camera, Videos, My favorites, and Screenshots cannot be
hidden.
From the Albums tab, go to   > Hide albums and toggle the switches on for albums that
you want to hide.
Camera and Gallery
82

--- Page 87 ---
Hidden albums and the photos and videos in them are hidden from view in Gallery.
Block Albums
To prevent third-party app albums from displaying in Gallery, block these albums.
 
1 On the Albums tab, touch Others.
2 Touch an album, and if   is displayed at the top, go to   > Block.
Move photos and videos you want to block to blocked albums.
Blocked albums cannot be viewed in any apps other than Files.
3 To unblock an album, go to Others, touch View blocked albums, then touch Unblock
next to the album.
Only some albums in Others can be blocked.
Gallery Smart Categorization
Smart Photo Categorization
Gallery automatically sorts your photos into categories such as portraits, locations, scenery,
and food, so you can quickly nd what you're looking for.
Camera and Gallery
83

--- Page 88 ---
Open  Gallery, then touch the Discover tab to view your photos organized into
categories.
To remove a photo from an album, touch and hold to select the photo, then touch   (or
 for portraits).
Not all photos can be removed from the category albums.
View and Set People Albums
Once you have taken a sucient number of photos, Gallery will automatically create People
albums of individuals or groups by identifying faces in your photos. This will happen when
your phone is charging and the screen is o.
You can name your People albums and set the relationship of individuals with you.
Group photo albums require a specic number of photos that contain 2 to 10 faces that have
already been named in People albums.
1 Go to  Gallery > Discover and view the generated People albums.
2 Touch an album, go to   > Edit > Add name, then set the name and relationship (such
as Baby or Mom).
Once you have nished, you can nd a People album by entering the name or relationship in
the search bar.
Huawei Vlog Editor
Huawei Vlog Editor
The Huawei Vlog editor automatically creates Huawei Vlogs, such as Spotlight Reels,
Highlights videos, and People albums, with added background music from your photos and
videos.
You can also select photos and videos yourself to create your own Huawei Vlogs.
Either way, you can edit and share your Huawei Vlogs at the touch of a 
nger.
Select Photos and Videos to Create a Video Clip
1 Go to  Gallery > Photos.
2 Touch and hold to select photos and videos, then go to Create > Video to create a video
clip.
3 During playback of the video, you can touch it to select a preset template at the bottom
of the screen.
Camera and Gallery
84

--- Page 89 ---
4 Touch   at the top of the screen to customize the background music, lter, intro and
outro, and more. Then touch   to save the video.
5 When you are 
nished, touch   to export the video.
View Spotlight Reels
Spotlight Reels are highlight clips of particular people and objects with added background
music that Gallery creates automatically from your videos.
 
1 Go to  Gallery > Albums > Camera.
2 Touch a video, then swipe up on the video. Touch a People album or video under Best cut
to view.
If a clip has not yet been generated, touch GET STARTED to create one.
This feature works automatically when your phone is charging and the screen is o. It
only works on local videos between 10 seconds and 3 minutes long.
Edit Spotlight Reels
1 When you are watching a Spotlight Reel, touch the video to select a preset template at
the bottom of the screen.
Camera and Gallery
85

--- Page 90 ---
2 Touch   at the top of the screen to customize the background music, lter, intro and
outro, and more. Then touch   to save the video.
3 When you are 
nished, touch   to export the video.
Share Huawei Vlogs
1 Go to Gallery > Albums > Video Editor, where you will nd all your exported videos.
2 Touch and hold to select the videos you want to share, then touch 
.
Huawei Vlogs
Huawei Vlogs
Gallery automatically creates People albums by identifying faces in photos.
View, edit, and share the Huawei Vlogs generated in these People albums.
View Huawei Vlogs
1 Go to  Gallery > Discover and touch a People album.
2 Touch 
 on the album cover.
Edit Huawei Vlogs
Apply special 
eects, lters, and background music to juice up your Huawei Vlogs.
1 Touch   to play the video. During playback, you can:
• Touch the video to select a preset template at the bottom of the screen.
• Touch   at the top of the screen to add or remove photos, change the background
music, lter, intro and outro, and more.
Touch   to save the video. Preview your edits on the playback screen.
2 Touch   to export the video.
Share Huawei Vlogs
When exporting Huawei Vlogs, you can share them with your friends by following the
onscreen instructions.
Another way to share Huawei Vlogs is as follows: Go to Gallery > Albums > Video Editor,
where you'll 
nd all your exported Huawei Vlogs.
Touch and hold to select a Huawei Vlog, then touch  .
Camera and Gallery
86

--- Page 91 ---
Highlights
Highlights
Gallery automatically creates Highlights albums from your best photos and videos based on
time, location, and theme information, and even generates a short video clip so you can
instantly relive the good times.
 
• To start using Highlights, go to Camera >   and enable Location tag.
• Highlights albums are created automatically when your phone is charging, the screen is
turned o, and the battery is at least 50% charged. This process may take some time.
Highlights albums will not be created if there are fewer than 10 photos or videos in Gallery.
View Highlights Videos
1 Go to  Gallery > Highlights and touch an album.
2 Touch   to play the video.
Camera and Gallery
87

--- Page 92 ---
Edit Highlights Videos
1 When you are watching a Highlights video, touch the video to select a preset template at
the bottom of the screen.
2 Touch   at the top of the screen to customize the background music, lter, intro and
outro, and more. Then touch   to save the video.
3 When you are nished, touch   to export the video.
Share Highlights Videos
1 Go to Gallery > Albums > Video Editor, where you'll nd all your exported videos.
2 Touch and hold to select the videos you want to share, then touch  .
Add or Remove Photos and Videos from Highlights Albums
1 On the Highlights tab, touch an album.
2 You can then:
• Add photos or videos: Touch  , select the items you want to add, then touch  .
• Remove photos or videos: Touch and hold to select photos or videos you want to
remove, touch 
, then touch Move.
Rename Highlights Albums
1 On the Highlights tab, touch an album.
2 Go to 
 > Rename and enter a new name.
Delete Highlights Albums
1 On the Highlights tab, touch an album.
2 Go to   > Delete and touch Delete.
Camera and Gallery
88

--- Page 93 ---
Apps
Apps
Apps
Locate an Installed App
Swipe down from the middle of the home screen to show the search bar, and enter the app
name. When the app is found, touch 
 next to its name.
Uninstall an App
You can uninstall an app using either of the following methods:
• Touch and hold the app icon you want to uninstall until your phone vibrates, touch
Uninstall, then follow the onscreen instructions to uninstall the app.
• Go to  Settings > Apps > Apps, touch the app you want to uninstall, then touch
Uninstall.
Some pre-installed system apps can't be uninstalled, as uninstalling them may cause
system errors.
Manage Background Apps
1 Access the recent tasks screen using either of the following methods, depending on the
navigation method you are using:
• Gestures: Swipe up from the bottom of the screen and hold.
• Three-key navigation: Touch  .
2 On the recent tasks screen, you can:
• Swipe across to view app previews.
• Touch an app preview to access an app.
• Swipe up on an app preview to close an app.
• Swipe down on an app preview to lock it. 
 will appear at the top of the app
preview. Touching   will not close this app.
• Swipe down again to unlock it.   will disappear.
• Touch   to close all apps (except for those you have locked).
Clear the Cache of an App
Delete app cache les to free up storage space.
89

--- Page 94 ---
Go to  Settings > Apps > Apps, select the app that you want to clear the cache of, then
go to Storage > Clear cache.
Contacts
Create and Edit Contact Information
You can create contacts in multiple ways, as well as view and manage your contacts list.
 
Create Contacts
1 Open  Phone, select the Contacts tab at the bottom of the screen, then touch  .
If you are creating a contact for the rst time, touch Create new contact to start adding
a contact.
Apps
90

--- Page 95 ---
2 Touch the camera image to set a prole picture for the contact, enter information such as
the name, organization, and phone number of the contact, then touch 
.
Import Contacts
1 On the Contacts screen, go to   > Settings > Import/Export.
2 Select Import via Bluetooth, Import via Wi-Fi Direct, or Import from storage, then
follow the onscreen instructions to import contacts.
Scan Business Cards to Add Contacts
1 On the Contacts screen, go to   > Scan or go to Business cards > Scan.
2 Place a business card on a at surface, adjust the camera so that the contents on the
business card are clearly displayed in the 
viewnder, then touch   to capture a single or
multiple business cards in a row.
3 After the photos are taken, your device will automatically identify the contact information.
Touch 
 to save the contact.
You can view the scanned business cards in Business cards.
Scan a QR Code to Add a Contact
If a QR code contains contact information, you can scan the QR code to quickly add a
contact.
1 On the Contacts screen, go to 
 > Scan or go to Business cards > Scan.
2 Take a photo of a QR code or select a photo of a QR code from Gallery, and contact
information contained in the QR code can be identied and added.
Search for Contacts
1 From the Contacts screen, go to   > Settings > Display preferences and touch All
contacts to display all your contacts.
2 Search for contacts using either of the following methods:
• Swipe down from the middle of the home screen and enter a keyword for the contact
you want to nd in the search box (such as their name, initials, or email address).
You can also enter multiple keywords, such as "John London", to quickly nd matching
contacts.
• Enter keywords for the contact you want to nd in the search box above the contacts
list. Matching results will be displayed below the search box.
Share Contacts
1 On the Contacts screen, select the contact you want to share, then go to   > Share
contact.
Apps
91

--- Page 96 ---
2 Select a sharing method, then follow the onscreen instructions to share the contact.
Export Contacts
1 On the Contacts screen, go to 
 > Settings > Import/Export.
2 Touch Export to storage and follow the onscreen instructions to export contacts.
The exported .vcf les are saved in the root directory of your device's internal storage by
default. You can open Files to view the exported les in the internal storage.
Delete Contacts
Delete contacts using either of the following methods:
• Touch and hold the entry you want to delete, then touch Delete.
• On the Contacts screen, go to   > Settings > Organize contacts > Delete multiple
contacts, select the entries you want to delete, then touch  .
To restore deleted contacts, go to 
 > Settings > Organize contacts > Recently deleted,
touch and hold a contact you want to restore, select the check boxes of any others you also
want to restore, then touch  .
Merge Duplicate Contacts
1 Open  Phone, select the Contacts tab at the bottom of the screen, then touch   >
Settings > Organize contacts > Merge duplicate contacts.
2 Select duplicate contacts to be merged and touch Merge.
Manage Contact Groups
You can conveniently send emails or messages to multiple contacts by creating and
managing contact groups. Your phone automatically groups contacts by company, city, and
last contact time, but you can also create new groups based on your preferences.
Create a Contact Group
1 Open 
Phone, select the Contacts tab at the bottom of the screen, then touch Groups.
2 Touch  , enter the group name, such as "Family" or "Friends", then touch OK.
3 Follow the onscreen instructions to add contacts to the group, then touch  .
Edit a Contact Group
1 On the Groups screen, select the group you want to edit and touch   to add a new
contact.
Apps
92

--- Page 97 ---
2 Touch   for Remove members, Group ringtone, Delete group, or Rename.
Send Group Messages or Emails
On the Groups screen, open a group, then touch 
 to send a message or touch   to
send an email.
Delete Contact Groups
On the Groups screen, touch and hold the group to be deleted, then touch Delete.
Create Personal Information
You can create a business card containing your personal information to share with others.
You can also add personal emergency information so you can call for help quickly in an
emergency.
Create a Personal Business Card
1 Open  Phone, select the Contacts tab at the bottom of the screen, then touch My
card.
2 Set your prole picture, enter personal information such as your name, work address, and
phone number.
3 Touch   to automatically create a QR code business card.
You can share your business card using the QR code.
Add Emergency Information
1 From the Contacts screen, go to My card > Emergency information.
2 Touch ADD and set your personal, medical, and emergency contact information.
After adding emergency contacts, if you nd yourself in an emergency, you can go to
Emergency > Emergency information > Emergency contacts from the lock screen and
select an emergency contact to make a call.
Erase Contact Traces
1 Open  Phone, touch the Contacts tab at the bottom of the screen, then touch the
contact for whom you wish to erase contact traces.
2 Go to   > Erase history > Erase to delete all call and message records for that contact.
Add Your LinkedIn Account
Add your LinkedIn account to sync the LinkedIn information of your contacts to your device.
Sync LinkedIn Contacts
1 Open  Phone, select the Contacts tab at the bottom of the screen, then go to   >
Settings > Add LinkedIn account.
Apps
93

--- Page 98 ---
2 Follow the onscreen instructions to log in to your LinkedIn account. After logging in, the
LinkedIn information of your contacts will automatically be synced to your phone.
3 To sync all LinkedIn contact information, from the LinkedIn settings screen, go to Sync
LinkedIn contacts > All LinkedIn contacts, and select Sync or Auto-update LinkedIn.
View a Contact's LinkedIn Information
From the Contacts screen, select a LinkedIn contact, then touch View LinkedIn prole
online.
Unlink Your LinkedIn Account
From the Contacts screen, touch   > Settings > LinkedIn and select Disassociate.
Phone
Make a Call
Dial a Number or Select a Contact to Call
Use either of the following methods to make a call:
• Open  Phone, enter part of a phone number, the rst letter of a contact's name, or the
contact's initials to nd a contact.
 
Apps
94

--- Page 99 ---
• On the Phone screen, touch the Contacts tab at the bottom, then select a contact to make
a call.
Touch 
 to end a call.
Use Speed Dial
Once you've set up speed dialing for a contact, you can quickly call that contact with the
assigned number key.
Go to  Phone >   > Settings > Speed dial, select a number key, then set a contact for
this speed dial number.
Press the Power Button to End a Call
During a call, press the Power button to end the call.
Go to  Phone >   > Settings > More and enable Power button ends call.
Set a Contact Prole Picture for Calls
You can set prole pictures for your contacts to be shown on the screen during incoming and
outgoing calls.
Apps
95

--- Page 100 ---
1 On the Phone screen, touch the Contacts tab at the bottom, then select the contact you
want to set a prole picture for.
2 Touch 
 and then touch   to set a prole picture for the contact.
Make an International Call
1 Contact your mobile carrier to activate and inquire about the international calling service.
2 Open 
Phone, touch the Contacts tab at the bottom, then select a contact to make a
call.
For numbers that are not in the contacts list, on the Phone screen, touch and hold the 0
number key to display +, enter the country code and phone number, then touch 
 to
make an international call.
Manage Call Logs
You can merge the call logs of the same contact or number for a tidier and more concise
interface, or delete call logs as required.
Merge Call Logs
1 Go to  Phone >   > Settings > Merge call log.
2 Select By contact and your phone will automatically merge the call logs of the same
number or contact.
View Missed Calls
1 To display all missed calls, open  Phone, swipe down on the call log list, then touch the
Missed tab.
All missed calls are displayed in red in the call log list for you to quickly identify them on
the All screen.
2 Touch   next to a call log to call back or send a message.
Delete Call Logs
Delete call logs using either of the following methods:
• On the Phone screen, touch and hold a call log, then touch Delete entry.
• On the Phone screen, go to   > Delete entries. Select multiple call logs, then touch 
to delete them.
Set a Ringtone for Incoming Calls
You can set your favorite music or a video as the ringtone for incoming calls.
If two SIM cards have been inserted into your phone, congure the ringtone separately for
SIM 1 and SIM 2.
Apps
96

--- Page 101 ---
Set a Music Ringtone
1 Go to  Phone >   > Settings > Ringtone or  Settings > Sounds & vibration >
Phone ringtone.
2 Select a system ringtone, or touch Music on device to select a local song as the ringtone.
Set a Video Ringtone
Set a video as the ringtone for incoming calls.
 
1 Go to  Phone >   > Settings > Ringtone or  Settings > Sounds & vibration >
Ringtone.
2 Touch Video ringtones and select a video to preview the eect for incoming calls.
3 Touch 
 to set the video as the ringtone.
Set a Ringtone for a Contact
1 Open 
Phone, touch the Contacts tab at the bottom of the screen, then select the
contact you want to set a ringtone for.
2 On the contact details screen, touch Ringtone and select a ringtone.
Apps
97

--- Page 102 ---
Use VoLTE to Make Calls
Voice over LTE (VoLTE) is an IP-based data transmission technology that delivers both call
and data services over a 4G network.
Once VoLTE is enabled, you can make calls while accessing the Internet. If your phone
supports dual SIM dual VoLTE, you can receive an incoming call on a SIM card even when the
other SIM card is already on a call.
VoLTE also provides you with a faster call connection time and higher quality voice and video
calls.
Enable VoLTE
1 Contact your mobile carrier to activate the 4G and VoLTE functions for your SIM card. If
both the primary and secondary SIM card trays of a dual-SIM phone support 4G and
VoLTE, 4G and VoLTE can be enabled for both SIM cards.
2 Go to  Settings > Mobile network > Mobile data. In the network settings area of SIM
1 or SIM 2, turn on the VoLTE calls switch.
Features may vary depending on your carrier.
Make a Video Call
Video calls are only possible when both parties are using VoLTE-activated devices.
1 Open  Phone, touch the Contacts tab at the bottom of the screen, then select the
contact you want to call.
2 Touch 
 to make a video call.
During a voice call, you can also touch 
 to switch to a video call.
Use VoWiFi to Make Calls
The VoWiFi function enables you to make calls on a Wi-Fi network. You can even make
VoWiFi calls in Airplane mode.
1 This function requires support from your mobile carrier. Contact your carrier to activate
the VoWiFi function.
2 Go to  Phone >   > Settings > Wi-Fi Calling, then enable VoWiFi.
Manage Incoming Calls
You can use the call waiting feature to answer incoming calls when you are already engaged
in a previous call.
If you cannot answer a call because your phone is faulty or the network signal is poor, you
can also set call forwarding to forward calls to another number or device.
Apps
98

--- Page 103 ---
Answer or Reject an Incoming Call
If you receive a call when the screen is locked:
• Drag   right to answer the call.
• Drag   left to reject the call.
• Touch 
 to reject the call and reply with an SMS message.
• Touch   to set a callback reminder.
If you receive a call when the screen is unlocked:
• Touch 
 to answer the call.
• Touch   to reject the call.
• Touch 
 to reject the call and reply with an SMS message.
• Touch   to set a callback reminder.
Enable Call Waiting
The Call waiting feature lets you answer incoming calls when a call is already in progress by
placing the 
rst call on hold.
This feature requires the support of your mobile carrier. For details, contact your carrier.
Go to  Phone >   > Settings. Under the SIM card you wish to enable call waiting on,
click More > Call waiting.
Features may vary depending on your carrier.
Answer a New Incoming Call During a Call
1 When you receive an incoming call when you are already engaged in a previous call,
touch   to answer it.
 
Apps
99

--- Page 104 ---
2 Touch  , or touch a held call in the call list to switch between the two calls.
Enable Call Forwarding
After the Call forwarding feature is enabled, calls that meet set conditions will be
automatically transferred to a specied phone number.
This feature requires the support of your mobile carrier. For details, contact your carrier.
1 On the Phone screen, go to   > Settings, and touch Call forwarding under the SIM
card you wish to enable call forwarding on.
2 Select and enable a forwarding method, then enter and 
conrm the target number.
Features may vary depending on your carrier.
Disable Call Forwarding
1 On the Phone screen, go to   > Settings, and touch Call forwarding under the SIM
card you wish to disable call forwarding on.
2 Select the forwarding mode that you wish to disable and disable it.
Features may vary depending on your carrier.
Apps
100

--- Page 105 ---
Filter and Block Spam Calls
Set dierent block rules to block sales, fraud, and other kinds of spam calls.
Filter and Block Spam Calls
1 Go to  Phone >   > Blocked >   and set the block rules.
Alternatively, go to  Optimizer > Blocked >   to set the block rules.
2 Touch Call block rules and toggle on the switches of corresponding block rules.
 
Block Incoming Calls from Specic Numbers
You can block incoming calls from specic numbers using either of the following methods:
• Go to  Phone >   > Blocked >   > Blocklist, touch  , then add the phone
numbers you want to block.
• On the Phone screen, touch the Contacts tab at the bottom, touch the contact you want to
block, then go to   > Block contact.
Apps
101

--- Page 106 ---
Set Whether to Receive Notications for Blocked Calls
Go to  Phone >   > Blocked >   > Receive notications and set whether to receive
notications for blocked calls.
Emergency SOS and Calls
Use Emergency SOS
If you encounter an emergency, you can quickly and secretly send an SOS message to your
emergency contacts.
1 Enable GPS and allow the Emergency SOS feature to access your location.
2 Go to 
Settings > Security > Emergency SOS, enable Also send SOS message, then
set your emergency contacts.
Once you have enabled the Emergency SOS feature, if you encounter an emergency, press
the Power button ve times in quick succession and your phone will automatically send a
message with your current location to your emergency contacts.
Once the message is sent, your phone will bring up the emergency call screen, from which
you can quickly call an emergency service or one of your emergency contacts.
Make Emergency Calls
In the event of an emergency, you can make emergency calls directly from the lock screen of
your phone even if there is no signal.
The emergency call feature is subject to local regulations and individual mobile carriers.
Network issues or other types of interference may lead to failed emergency calls.
1 On the lock screen, touch Emergency. If you are in an area with good signal, your phone
will automatically obtain your location and display it on the screen.
2 Enter your local emergency number and touch   to call the number. Alternatively,
touch Emergency information and select an emergency contact to call.
Make Operations During a Call
During a call, an in-call menu will be displayed.
 
Apps
102

--- Page 107 ---
• Touch   to enable hands-free mode.
• Touch   to start another call (only available once three-way calling has been activated).
For details, contact your mobile carrier.
• Touch   to use the dialer.
• During a call, you can hide the call screen and access other apps by returning to the
previous screen or home screen using the current navigation mode.
Touch the green status bar at the top of the screen to return to the call screen.
• Touch 
 to end the call.
Use Voicemail
Divert calls to your voicemail when your device is switched 
o or when there is no cellular
coverage. Callers can leave a voice message which you can listen to later.
This feature requires service support from your mobile carrier. Contact your mobile carrier for
details.
Apps
103

--- Page 108 ---
Enable Voicemail
1 Go to  Phone >   > Settings and touch More under the SIM card you wish to
enable voicemail on.
2 Go to Voicemail > Voicemail number, enter the voicemail number obtained from your
carrier, and touch OK.
Listen to a Voicemail Message
Touch and hold the 1 key on the dialer and then enter your voicemail number.
Messaging
Send and Manage Messages
You can send and receive messages that include text, emojis, pictures, audio 
les, and more.
You can also manage your messages in the message list.
 
Apps
104

--- Page 109 ---
Send Messages
1 Open  Messaging, touch  .
2 On the New message screen, enter your message content. Touch   to add other types
of content such as pictures and audio les.
3 In the recipient box, touch  , select contacts or contact groups, then touch  .
4 After 
nishing editing, touch   to send the message.
Save a Draft Message
From the New message screen, touch 
 to save a draft message.
Apps
105

--- Page 110 ---
Cancel Sending a Message
On the Messaging screen, go to   > Settings > Advanced and enable Recall messages.
Within six seconds after the message is sent, you can double-touch the message to cancel
sending it.
View and Reply to Messages
1 On the Messaging screen, select a contact to view your conversation with them.
2 To reply to a message, enter your message content in the text box, then touch 
.
New messages will be displayed in the 
notication panel in the form of banners and you can
touch them there to reply.
Mark Messages as Read
You can use any of the following methods to mark messages as read:
• New messages will be displayed in the notication panel in the form of a banner and you
can mark them as read there.
• On the Messaging screen, swipe left on the message that you want to mark as read, then
touch  .
• On the Messaging screen, go to   > Mark all as read.
Delete a Message
Delete messages using either of the following methods:
• On the Messaging screen, swipe left the message to be deleted, then touch 
.
• Touch and hold a message, select multiple messages you wish to delete, then touch  .
Deleted messages cannot be recovered.
Filter and Block Spam Messages
Set dierent block rules, such as your blocklist, to block sales, fraud, and other kinds of spam
messages.
Block Spam Messages
Go to  Messaging >   > Blocked >   and set block rules.
You can also go to  Optimizer > Blocked >   to set block rules.
Block Messages from Specic Numbers
1 Go to 
Messaging >   > Blocked >   > Blocklist.
Apps
106

--- Page 111 ---
2 Touch   and add the numbers you want to block. SMS and MMS messages sent by
these numbers will all be blocked.
Block Messages Containing Specic Keywords
1 Go to  Messaging >   > Blocked >   > Keyword blocklist.
2 Touch   and add the keywords to be ltered. All messages containing these keywords
will be blocked.
Set Whether to Receive Notications for Blocked Messages
Go to  Messaging >   > Blocked >   > Receive notications and set whether to
receive notications when messages are blocked.
Calendar
Add and Manage Events
Events help you plan and manage activities in your daily life and work, such as attending
company meetings, arranging social get-togethers, and making credit card repayments. You
can add events and set reminders to help you arrange your schedule in advance.
 
Apps
107

--- Page 112 ---
Create an Event
1 Open  Calendar and touch  .
2 Enter the details of the event, such as the title, location, and start and end times.
3 Touch Add reminder to set the reminder time for the event.
4 Touch   to save the event.
Import Meeting Reminders
1 Go to  Calendar >   > Manage accounts.
2 Touch Add account, then follow the onscreen instructions to add your work emails (from
your Exchange account) to the calendar to see meeting reminders.
Apps
108

--- Page 113 ---
Search for Events
1 On the Calendar screen, touch  .
2 Enter keywords of your event in the search box, such as the title and location.
Share an Event
1 On the Calendar screen, touch an event on the calendar or under the schedule.
2 Touch   and follow the onscreen instructions to share the event using whichever
method you prefer.
Delete Events
You can delete events using the following methods:
• On the Calendar screen, then touch the event to be deleted and touch  .
• Touch Schedule, touch and hold an event, select the events you want to delete, then touch
.
Set a Calendar Notication
Set the calendar notication type according to your requirements. You can set status bar
notications, banner notications, sound notications, and more.
You can also change the default reminder time to control when your phone will send you a
reminder.
1 Go to  Calendar >   > Settings.
2 In the reminder settings, set Default reminder time and Reminder time for all-day
events.
3 Touch Notications and enable Allow notications. Then follow the onscreen
instructions to set a notication type.
Customize the Calendar View
Set the start day of the week, whether or not to show week numbers, and more in the
calendar view settings.
1 Go to  Calendar >   > Settings.
2 Set the start day of the week, whether or not to show week numbers, and so on.
Set Alternate Calendars
Set the Calendar to display other calendars as well, such as the Chinese lunar calendar or the
Islamic calendar.
Go to 
Calendar >   > Settings > Alternate calendars and select another calendar.
Apps
109

--- Page 114 ---
View National/Regional Holidays
View national/regional holidays in the calendar to help plan your travel.
1 Go to  Calendar >   > Settings > National/Regional holidays.
2 Turn on the switch of a country/region, and your phone will automatically download
holiday information for that country/region and display it in the Calendar.
Clock
Alarm
You can set alarms to play a sound or vibrate at 
specic times.
 
Set an Alarm
1 Go to  Clock > Alarm, touch  , and set a time.
2 Select a sound for the alarm. The sound will play when you select it. You can slide up or
down on the in-screen volume slider to adjust its volume.
3 Set the following options according to your preferences:
Apps
110

--- Page 115 ---
• Repeat
• Vibrate
• Ring duration
• Snooze duration
• Label
4 When you are 
nished, touch  .
Modify or Delete an Alarm
Touch an existing alarm to modify or delete it.
Snooze an Alarm
If you don't want to get up when an alarm rings, simply touch the snooze button or press the
Power button.
The snooze length is set when creating the alarm.
Turn 
O an Alarm
When an alarm rings, swipe left or right on the button that appears at the bottom of the
screen to turn it o.
Timer and Stopwatch
You can use the timer to count down from a specied time. You can also use the stopwatch
to measure the duration of an event.
Timer
Go to  Clock > Timer, set the duration of time, and touch   to start the timer. To stop
it, touch  .
Stopwatch
Go to 
Clock > Stopwatch, and touch   to start the stopwatch. To stop it, touch  .
View the Time in Cities Worldwide
 
Apps
111

--- Page 116 ---
Use Clock to see the local time in dierent time zones around the world.
Go to 
Clock > World clock, touch  , and enter the name of a city or select one from
the list of cities.
Display Dual Clocks on the Lock Screen
When you are away from your home time zone, use Dual clocks to display the time of both
your home city and current location on the lock screen.
 
Apps
112

--- Page 117 ---
Go to  Settings > System & updates > Date & time, enable Dual clocks, and set a
Home city. The time of your home city and current location will now both display on the
lock screen.
Only one clock will display on the lock screen if your current location is in the same time
zone as your home city.
Notepad
Create Notes
You can create notes to record your thoughts and inspirations.
 
Apps
113

--- Page 118 ---
1 Go to  Notepad > Notes, then touch  .
2 Enter the title and content of the note.
3 Touch   to insert a picture into the note as needed. Touch and hold the picture, then
drag it to the desired position in the note.
4 If you want to organize your notes for easier access and viewing, touch   to add a tag
to your note after nishing it.
5 Touch   to save the note.
Create To-Dos
You can create to-dos with a set time to remind you to complete them.
If you set a time, your phone will send you a reminder 
notication at the specied time.
1 Go to 
Notepad > To-dos, then touch  .
2 Enter your to-do.
3 Touch Save.
Apps
114

--- Page 119 ---
Manage Your Notepad
You can sort your Notepad items by category and put them into dierent folders, delete
unwanted items, and share items with other people.
When viewing a list of items or an individual item in Notepad, touch the status bar at the top
of the screen to quickly return to the rst item or the beginning of the item you are viewing.
Sort Notepad Items by Category
Dierent types of notes or to-dos can be sorted by category and displayed in dierent colors
for more convenient viewing.
You can sort notepad items using either of the following methods:
• On the All notes or All to-dos screen, swipe left on an item, touch  , then select a tag.
• Touch and hold a note or to-do, select or drag over the check boxes of the notes or to-dos
you want to categorize under the same tag, then touch 
 to select a tag.
Share Notepad Items
You can share your Notepad items as text les or images.
On the All notes or All to-dos screen, touch the item to be shared, touch  , then follow
the onscreen instructions to share it.
Delete Notepad Items
You can delete notepad items using either of the following methods:
• On the All notes or All to-dos screen, swipe left on a note or to-do, then touch   to
delete it.
• Touch and hold a note or to-do you want to delete, select or drag over the check boxes of
any other notes or to-dos you want to delete as well, then touch 
.
To restore a deleted Notepad item, touch All notes or All to-dos, select the item you want to
restore in Recently deleted, then touch  .
Recorder
Recorder
 
Apps
115

--- Page 120 ---
1 In the Tools folder, open  Recorder, and touch   to start a recording.
2 During a recording, you can touch 
 to add a tag.
3 When you are nished, touch   to stop recording.
4 You can also touch and hold a recording, then share, rename, or delete it.
Recordings are saved under Files > Categories > Internal storage > Sounds.
Play a Recording
Recording 
les are listed on the  Recorder home screen. Touch a recording to play it.
On the recording playback screen, you can:
• Touch   to skip the muted parts.
• Touch   to adjust the playback speed.
• Touch 
 to add a tag.
• Touch a tag to rename it.
Apps
116

--- Page 121 ---
Edit a Recording
1 On the  Recorder home screen, touch a recording.
2 Touch   to display the waveform of the recording.
3 Drag the start and end bars to adjust the clip length. Pinch your ngers on the waveform
to zoom in or out to adjust the clip length more precisely.
4 Touch   and select Keep selected part or Delete selected part.
Share Recordings
1 On the  Recorder home screen, touch the recording you want to share to play it.
2 Go to   > Share.
3 Select your preferred sharing method and follow the onscreen instructions to share the
recording.
Email
Add Email Accounts
Add your email account in Email and you can use your phone for convenient email access at
any time.
Add a Personal Email Account
1 Open 
Email on your phone and select from the available mailbox providers or touch
Other.
2 Enter the email address and password, touch Sign in, and follow the onscreen instructions
to congure the server settings. The system will automatically connect to the server and
check the server settings.
Add an Exchange Account
Microsoft Exchange enables digital messaging within a company. If your company mailbox
uses the Exchange server, you can log in to your company email account on your phone.
1 Contact the company email server administrator to obtain the domain name, server
address, port number, and security type.
2 Open  Email, and select Exchange.
3 Enter the email address, username, and password.
4 Touch Manual setup. On the Account setup screen, set parameters such as the email
domain name, server address, port number, and security type.
5 Touch Next, then follow the onscreen instructions to complete the conguration. The
system will automatically connect to the server and check the server settings.
Apps
117

--- Page 122 ---
Send Emails
Select an email account and write emails to send them to the recipients' email addresses.
Send an Email
1 Open  Email, then touch  .
2 Enter the recipient's email address, or touch   to select a contact or group, then touch
.
3 Add the addresses of any recipients to whom you wish to CC or BCC the email. If you have
more than one email account, you will also need to select the email address you wish to
send the email from.
4 Write the email and enter the subject, then touch  .
Save an Email as a Draft
On the Compose screen, touch   to save the email as a draft.
Go to Inbox > Show all folders > Drafts to view draft emails.
Reply to an Email
1 On the Inbox screen, open the email you wish to reply to.
2 Touch   to reply to just the email sender, or touch   to reply to everyone on the
thread.
3 After writing your reply, touch  .
Set Encryption for Outgoing Emails
You can encrypt outgoing emails to protect your condential information. Encrypted emails
can be viewed only by recipients who have the required digital certicates, ensuring
information security.
1 Apply for and install a digital certicate.
You need to apply for a digital certicate from a trusted third-party certicate
authority (CA) before installing it. The processing procedure varies between dierent
CAs. For details, refer to the relevant CA website.
2 From the Inbox screen, go to   > Settings.
3 Touch the account you want to set encryption for, touch Email encryption, then enable
Encrypt outgoing emails.
4 If the certicate has been installed, select Encryption certicate and set Encryption
algorithm according to your preferences.
If the certicate has not been installed, enable Send encrypted emails without installing
certicates.
Apps
118

--- Page 123 ---
Set Automatic Replies for an Exchange Account
1 Go to  Email >   > Settings.
2 Select the Exchange account you want to set automatic replies for, touch Automatic
replies, and turn on the Automatic replies switch.
3 Set the time or content of the auto reply, then touch Done.
Set Email 
Notications
Set a notication mode for your emails based on your needs.
1 Go to  Email >   > Settings > General > Notications and enable Allow
notications.
2 Select the email account you want to set notications for, turn on the Allow notications
switch, then select a notication mode.
View and Manage Emails
Receive, view and manage your emails in the inbox.
View an Email
1 Open  Email, then swipe down on the Inbox screen to refresh the email list.
If you have multiple email accounts, touch Inbox and select the email account you want
to view.
2 Open an email, then view, reply to, forward, or delete the email.
If you are notied about an important event in an email, touch   > Add to calendar to
import the event into your calendar.
3 Swipe left or right to view the next or previous email.
Organize Emails by Subject
On the Inbox screen, go to   > Settings > General, then enable Organize by subject.
Add an Email Contact to a Group
You can create email groups to communicate more eciently.
1 On the Inbox screen, open an email, and touch Add to group.
2 Choose to add the email sender or recipient to the group, and touch OK.
3 On the group selection screen, select an existing group, then touch   to save the
contact in the group.
Alternatively, touch Create group, enter the group name, then touch Save.
Once you have created a group, you can select the group from the recipient drop-down list to
send emails to group members.
Apps
119

--- Page 124 ---
Sync Emails
After automatic email syncing is enabled, the emails on your phone will be automatically
synced with those on the email server.
1 On the Inbox screen, go to   > Settings.
2 Touch the account you wish to sync emails for, then turn on the Sync email switch.
3 Touch Sync frequency to set the automatic syncing period.
Search for an Email
On the Inbox screen, touch the search box, then enter keywords such as the subject or
content of the email.
Delete Emails
On the Inbox screen, touch and hold the email to be deleted, drag over the check boxes of
any other emails you want to delete, then touch 
.
Manage Email Accounts
You can add multiple email accounts so you can manage them at the same time.
Add Email Accounts
1 Go to  Email >   > Settings > Add account.
2 Select an existing email service provider or touch Other, then follow the onscreen
instructions to add an email account. Repeat for each of the accounts you wish to add.
Switch Between Email Accounts
On the Inbox screen, touch Inbox and select the email account you wish to use.
Change Account Name and Signature
On the Inbox screen, go to   > Settings and select an account. You can then set or change
the Account name, Signature, and Default account.
Log Out of an Email Account
On the Inbox screen, go to   > Settings, select an account, and touch Remove account.
Manage VIP Contacts
Important email contacts can be added as VIP contacts. Emails from VIP contacts will be
automatically stored in the VIP inbox.
Add a VIP Contact
You can add VIP contacts using either of the following methods:
Apps
120

--- Page 125 ---
• Go to  Email >   > Settings > VIP contacts. On the VIP list screen, go to Add >
Create or touch Add from contacts, then follow the onscreen instructions.
• Open an email, touch the account name of the sender or receiver, then touch Add to VIP
list.
Delete a VIP Contact
1 Go to  Email >   > Settings > VIP contacts.
2 On the VIP list screen, touch  .
3 Select the VIP contact to be deleted, then touch 
.
Calculator
Calculator
Use the calculator on your phone to perform basic mathematical calculations and for
calculating exponential, logarithmic, and trigonometric functions.
Use the Basic Calculator
You can open the calculator using either of the following methods:
• Swipe down from the middle of the home screen to display the search box. Search for
Calculator, and the rst result will be the preinstalled Calculator app.
• Find Calculator in the Tools folder.
• Swipe up from the bottom of the lock screen to display the shortcut panel, then touch 
to open the calculator.
Use the Scientic Calculator
 
Open the calculator and rotate your phone to landscape orientation.
Apps
121

--- Page 126 ---
Copy, Delete, or Clear Numbers
• Copy a calculation result: Touch and hold the calculation result, touch Copy, then paste the
result somewhere else, such as in a note or message.
• Delete the last digit: Touch the Back button.
• Clear the display: Touch the Clear (C) button.
Flashlight
Flashlight
You can turn on the ashlight using either of the following methods:
• Swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel, and touch   to turn on
the ashlight. Touch the icon again to turn o the ashlight.
• Swipe up from the bottom of the lock screen to display the shortcut panel, and touch 
to turn on the ashlight. Touch the icon again to turn o the ashlight.
Compass
Compass
Compass shows you the direction your phone is pointing, your current location (in latitude
and longitude), and altitude.
1 You can open Compass using either of the following methods:
• Swipe down from the middle of the home screen to display the search box. Search for
Compass, and the 
rst result will be the preinstalled Compass app.
• Find Compass in the Tools folder.
2 View your bearings, coordinates, and altitude.
• If your phone is placed horizontally, the Compass screen will display a dial, together
with the direction your phone is pointing, your current location (in latitude and
longitude), and altitude.
• If your phone is placed vertically, the Compass screen will display what is being
captured by the rear camera of your phone, together with the direction your phone is
pointing, your current location (in latitude and longitude), and altitude.
3 To lock your current direction, touch the compass dial. The scale marks will turn blue if
you go o course.
For accurate bearings, hold your phone at or straight up when using Compass.
For precise altitude data, touch  , and enable Online altitude calibration.
 
Apps
122

--- Page 127 ---
Mirror
Mirror
When you want to know how you look but don't have a real mirror with you, you can use
your phone as a mirror instead.
Go to Tools > Mirror. While using your phone as a mirror, you can:
• Zoom in or zoom out: Drag the zoom slider at the bottom. You can also touch the screen
twice to zoom in and touch it twice again to zoom back out.
• Save the image: Touch the screen to pause the current image. Touch   to save the
image. Touch the screen again to resume. You can nd the saved image in Gallery.
• Adjust mirror brightness: Touch   or   at the top of the screen.
Apps
123

--- Page 128 ---
• Make the mirror brighter: Touch   and enable Blow. Then blow air into the microphone
to haze the screen. Wipe the screen to clear the fog.
• Change the mirror frame: Touch   to use a dierent frame.
• Create a broken mirror 
eect: Touch and hold the screen to "break" the mirror, complete
with a sound eect. Touch the screen again to "x" the mirror.
App Twin
App Twin
App Twin enables you to log in to two Facebook accounts simultaneously without the hassle
of having to constantly switch between them, allowing you to keep your work and private
lives separate.
App Twin will only work with certain apps.
1 Go to  Settings > Apps > App Twin, and turn on the switch for the app you want to
create a twin of.
2 Two icons for the same app will display on the home screen for you to log in to your
separate accounts simultaneously.
3 To disable App twin, touch and hold the twinned version of the app, then touch Delete.
All the data of the twin app will be deleted.
Quickly Access Frequently Used App Features
Quickly Access Frequently Used App Features
You can access frequently used features of certain apps from app icons on the home screen,
and even add shortcuts for these features to the home screen.
Quickly Access Frequently Used App Features
 
Apps
124

--- Page 129 ---
Touch and hold an app icon until a pop-up menu is displayed. Then touch a frequently used
feature to access it.
For example, touch and hold the 
 icon, then touch a shooting mode from the pop-up
menu to access it.
If no pop-up menu is displayed after you touch and hold an app icon, the app does not
support this feature.
Add Frequently Used App Features to the Home Screen
Touch and hold an app icon on your home screen to bring up the pop-up menu. Touch and
hold the desired feature and drag it to your home screen to create a shortcut.
Optimizer
Cleanup
You can use Cleanup in Optimizer to scan for redundant or large 
les, such as app residue,
unwanted installation packages, WeChat data, and more. Once detected, you can choose
whether or not to delete les as suggested.
1 Open  Optimizer, then touch Cleanup.
Apps
125

--- Page 130 ---
2 When the scan is complete, touch Clean up after each item and delete any les you don't
need.
Clean Up Duplicate Files
Optimizer can identify duplicate les on your phone.
On the Cleanup screen, touch Duplicate les, then select unwanted les to delete them.
Manage Data Usage
Open 
Optimizer, then touch Data usage to view data usage and manage network
access.
 
View and Manage High Data Consumption Apps
1 You can nd out how much data your apps are using in comparison to each other by
going to Data usage this month on the Data usage screen.
2 Touch a high data consumption app to set mobile data, roaming data, or background data
usage limits for it.
Apps
126

--- Page 131 ---
View and Set the Network Access Permission of an App
On the Data usage screen, touch Network access, then change the settings for apps that
consume a large amount of data (such as video streaming apps) so they can only be used
when you are connected to a Wi-Fi network.
Enable or Disable Smart Data Saver
Enable Smart Data Saver to prevent apps from using mobile data in the background.
1 On the Data usage screen, touch Smart Data Saver, then enable it. The   icon will
then display in the status bar.
2 If you want to allow unrestricted access to data for some apps even when they are
running in the background, toggle on the switches for these apps.
Add Mobile Data Usage Reminders
Add data plans for your SIM cards and usage reminders in Optimizer to keep you informed of
your data consumption.
1 On the Data usage screen, go to More data settings > Monthly data limit and follow
the onscreen instructions to add a data plan.
2 On the More data settings screen, touch Usage reminders. From there, you can set
whether a 
notication will be sent or if mobile data will be disabled once the monthly
data limit or roaming data limit has been topped.
3 On the More data settings screen, you can set whether to show data used when the
screen is locked.
Filter and Block Spam Calls
Set dierent block rules to block sales, fraud, and other kinds of spam calls.
Filter and Block Spam Calls
1 Go to  Phone >   > Blocked >   and set the block rules.
Alternatively, go to  Optimizer > Blocked >   to set the block rules.
2 Touch Call block rules and toggle on the switches of corresponding block rules.
 
Apps
127

--- Page 132 ---
Block Incoming Calls from Specic Numbers
You can block incoming calls from specic numbers using either of the following methods:
• Go to 
Phone >   > Blocked >   > Blocklist, touch  , then add the phone
numbers you want to block.
• On the Phone screen, touch the Contacts tab at the bottom, touch the contact you want to
block, then go to   > Block contact.
Set Whether to Receive Notications for Blocked Calls
Go to  Phone >   > Blocked >   > Receive notications and set whether to receive
notications for blocked calls.
Filter and Block Spam Messages
Set dierent block rules, such as your blocklist, to block sales, fraud, and other kinds of spam
messages.
Block Spam Messages
Go to 
Messaging >   > Blocked >   and set block rules.
Apps
128

--- Page 133 ---
You can also go to  Optimizer > Blocked >   to set block rules.
Block Messages from Specic Numbers
1 Go to  Messaging >   > Blocked >   > Blocklist.
2 Touch   and add the numbers you want to block. SMS and MMS messages sent by
these numbers will all be blocked.
Block Messages Containing Specic Keywords
1 Go to  Messaging >   > Blocked >   > Keyword blocklist.
2 Touch   and add the keywords to be ltered. All messages containing these keywords
will be blocked.
Set Whether to Receive Notications for Blocked Messages
Go to  Messaging >   > Blocked >   > Receive notications and set whether to
receive notications when messages are blocked.
One-Touch Optimization
Use the OPTIMIZE feature of Optimizer to keep your phone in an optimal state.
 
Apps
129

--- Page 134 ---
1 Open  Optimizer and touch OPTIMIZE.
2 Results and recommendations will be displayed once the optimization is complete.
3 Follow the recommendations according to your requirements to further optimize your
phone.
Phone Clone
Phone Clone
Phone Clone lets you quickly and seamlessly move all the basic data (including contacts,
calendar, images, and videos) from your old phone to your new phone.
 
Apps
130

--- Page 135 ---
Clone Data from an Android Device
1 On your new phone, open 
Phone Clone (in the Tools folder by default). Alternatively,
go to  Settings > System & updates > Phone Clone, touch This is the new phone,
then touch Huawei or Other Android.
2 Follow the onscreen instructions to download and install Phone Clone on your old device.
3 On your old device, open 
Phone Clone and touch This is the old phone. Follow the
onscreen instructions to connect your old device with your new phone by scanning a code
or connecting manually.
4 On your old device, select the data you want to clone, then touch Transfer to start
cloning.
Phone Clone is only available on phones running Android 4.4 or later.
Clone Data from an iPhone or iPad
1 On your new phone, open  Phone Clone (in the Tools folder by default). Alternatively,
go to 
Settings > System & updates > Phone Clone, touch This is the new phone,
then touch iPhone/iPad.
2 Follow the onscreen instructions to download and install Phone Clone on your old device.
Apps
131

--- Page 136 ---
3 On your old device, open  Phone Clone and touch This is the old phone. Follow the
onscreen instructions to connect your old device with your new phone by scanning a code
or connecting manually.
4 On your old device, select the data you want to clone, then follow the onscreen
instructions to complete the data cloning.
Phone Clone is only available on phones running iOS 8.0 or later.
HiSuite
Introduction to HiSuite
Huawei HiSuite is a PC-based tool used for managing Huawei smart Android devices
(including phones and tablets).
After you have installed HiSuite on your computer, you can manage data such as your
contacts, messages, pictures, videos, and apps, back up data from and restore data to your
phone, and update your phone to the latest version.
1 Visit the 
ocial Huawei website on your computer, search for HiSuite, then download and
install the latest version of HiSuite.
2 Use a USB cable to connect your phone to the computer. When a dialog box entitled Use
USB to appears on your phone, select Transfer 
les.
3 On the computer, open HiSuite and select USB. Then follow the onscreen instructions to
establish a connection between your phone and computer.
Back Up and Restore Data Using HiSuite
After installing HiSuite on your computer and connecting your computer with your phone,
you can use HiSuite to back up data (such as contacts, messages, call logs, photos, videos,
audio les, and documents) from your phone to your computer. You can also restore data to
your phone from your computer.
Back Up Data To a Computer
1 On the HiSuite home page, click Back Up.
2 Select the items you want to back up.
3 If you want to encrypt the backup data, select Encrypt with password and set a password
and password hint. The backup data cannot be restored if you forget your password.
4 Click Back Up and HiSuite will then back up the data you selected. Keep the USB cable
connected throughout the backup process.
5 Click Done when all data has been backed up.
Backup data created by HiSuite is saved under C:\Users\
User name
\Documents\Hisuite
\backup on the computer by default. To change the backup directory on the computer, go to
 > Settings > Backup.
Apps
132

--- Page 137 ---
Restore Data
1 On the home page of HiSuite, click Restore.
2 Click Backup Files, select the items you want to restore to your phone, then click Restore.
3 If you have set a password for the backup data on your phone, you will need to enter the
password and click OK.
4 HiSuite will then restore the items you have selected. Keep the USB cable connected
throughout the backup process.
5 Click Done when all data has been restored successfully.
Update or Restore the System Using HiSuite
After installing HiSuite on your computer and connecting your computer with your phone,
you can use HiSuite to update the system of your phone. If your phone won't start or its
system is unstable, you can also use HiSuite to restore the system.
Update the System
• Your personal data may be erased during a system update. It is recommended that you
back up your data before updating your phone.
• Ensure that your phone is at least 20% charged and keep the USB cable connected
throughout the update process. Do not power o or restart your phone, or remove or
insert a memory card.
• Some third-party apps, such as online banking and game apps, may not be compatible
with the latest system version. It might take some time for the app developers to
launch a compatible app version.
On the HiSuite home page, click Update. If a new version is detected, the version number
will be displayed and you can click the version number to start updating the system.
Once the update is completed, your phone will automatically restart.
Restore the System
1 Power o your phone and connect it to a computer using a USB cable. Press the Power
button three to ve times consecutively until, a few seconds later, the screen of your
phone turns on and it enters Fastboot mode.
If your phone can't be powered o or repeatedly restarts, connect it to the computer, then
press and hold the Power button to force restart it. Before the screen turns on, press the
Power button three to ve times consecutively to enter Fastboot mode.
2 Open HiSuite on the computer, click System Recovery, and follow the onscreen
instructions to restore the system.
The system will automatically be restored to the 
specied version when your phone
restarts.
If your phone fails to enter Fastboot mode, or the system restore fails, visit an authorized
Huawei Customer Service Center for assistance.
Apps
133

--- Page 138 ---
Tips
Tips
Tips provides you with an abundance of information so you can quickly familiarize
yourself with your phone and make the best use of it. In Tips, you can also nd a full set of
user guides for more detailed instructions.
• Vividly depicted cards: Browse through the easy-to-read cards with a short clip or image to
quickly get to grips with all the most useful features on your phone. The cards are
categorized so you can jump directly to a category you are interested in.
• Recommended features: The Recommended section is packed with featured articles and
posters arranged by usage scenario to help acquaint you with the more popular features.
• User guides: Find detailed instructions in the comprehensive user guides.
• Try out features: A Try now button is available in certain cards for you to try out the
feature immediately.
• Search: Find what you're looking for by searching for it in the search bar of Tips. The search
results will also include related topics you may want to know about.
• You can search Tips using either of the following methods as well:
• Swipe down on the screen to show the search bar and type in what you are looking for.
Apps
134

--- Page 139 ---
Settings
Search for Items in Settings
Search for Items in Settings
Tired of trudging through layers of settings options? Just search for them using the search
bar or HiVoice.
 
• Swipe down from the middle of the home screen to show the search bar. Enter the option
name, and your phone will show search results.
• Open 
Settings, enter the option name in the search box at the top of the screen and
your phone will show search results.
Wi-Fi
135

--- Page 140 ---
Connect to a Wi-Fi Network
Connecting to the Internet over Wi-Fi is an eective way to save mobile data. You can also
enable Wi-Fi security monitoring to avoid risky hotspots and ensure safe Internet access.
Connect to a Wi-Fi Network
Be extra careful when connecting to a free public Wi-Fi hotspot to avoid security risks
and nancial losses resulting from the leakage of your personal data.
1 Go to  Settings > Wi-Fi, and enable Wi-Fi.
2 Connect to a Wi-Fi network on the Wi-Fi screen using either of the following methods:
• Select a Wi-Fi network to connect to under Available networks. A password is
required for encrypted networks.
• To manually add a Wi-Fi network, scroll down to the bottom of the screen, touch Add
network, and enter the SSID and password as prompted to complete the connection.
The   icon displayed in the status bar indicates that the phone is connected to Wi-Fi.
Wi-Fi Direct
Wi-Fi Direct is used to transfer data between Huawei devices. Compared to Bluetooth
transfer, Wi-Fi Direct is faster and lets you transfer bigger les to nearby devices without
having to pair the devices.
1 On the recipient device, go to 
Settings > Wi-Fi and enable Wi-Fi.
2 Go to 
 > Wi-Fi Direct to start searching for the nearby Wi-Fi Direct-enabled Huawei
device.
3 On the sending device, touch and hold the les to be shared, go to More > Share, or
touch  , then select Wi-Fi Direct.
Operations may vary if you are sharing les from apps directly.
4 Touch the icon of the recipient device to establish a connection, and then share the les.
5 On the recipient device, accept the Wi-Fi Direct transfer request.
Go to Files, then go to Internal storage > Wi-Fi Direct on the Categories tab to review the
received les.
Wi-Fi+
Once Wi-Fi+ is enabled, when your phone detects a Wi-Fi network that it has previously
connected to or that is free, it will automatically enable Wi-Fi and connect to the network.
Your phone will also evaluate the stability of Wi-Fi networks and switch to mobile data when
the Wi-Fi signal is poor. Please note, this may incur extra charges.
1 Go to  Settings > Wi-Fi.
Settings
136

--- Page 141 ---
2 Go to   > Wi-Fi+ and enable or disable Wi-Fi+.
Bluetooth
Bluetooth Basics
You can connect your phone to Bluetooth headsets, speakers, and car kits. You can also use
Bluetooth to share data between your phone and other devices.
Make sure your phone is within 10 m (about 33 ft.) of other Bluetooth devices.
Enable or Disable Bluetooth
You can enable or disable Bluetooth in either of the following ways:
• Swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel, then touch   to enable
or disable Bluetooth. Touch and hold the switch to enter the Bluetooth settings screen.
• Go to  Settings > Bluetooth, then enable or disable Bluetooth.
Set a Bluetooth Name
Set a Bluetooth name for your phone to easily identify it during connection.
1 On the Bluetooth settings screen, toggle the Bluetooth switch on.
2 Touch Device name, enter a name, then touch OK.
Pair with a Bluetooth Device
1 Enable Bluetooth on the target device and set it to discoverable. For detailed instructions,
refer to the device's user guide.
2 From your phone, access the Bluetooth settings screen, and enable Bluetooth to have
your phone automatically search for nearby Bluetooth devices.
3 From the list of Available devices, select the one you want to pair your phone with, and
follow the onscreen instructions to complete pairing.
On the Bluetooth settings screen, touch   to view tips for connecting various Bluetooth
devices.
Transfer Files via Bluetooth
Within the transmission range, you can use Bluetooth to transfer videos, pictures, contacts,
and more to other devices.
1 Pair the sending and receiving devices via Bluetooth.
2 On the sending device, touch and hold the 
le you want to share, go to More > Share or
touch 
, and select Bluetooth.
The exact operations may vary if you are sharing les within apps.
Settings
137

--- Page 142 ---
3 Touch the Bluetooth name of the receiving device to start sharing.
4 On the receiving device, accept the Bluetooth transfer request.
Unpair a Bluetooth Device
1 On the Bluetooth settings screen, enable the Bluetooth switch.
2 In the list of Paired devices, touch   next to the name of the device you wish to unpair,
then touch Unpair.
Mobile Data
Connect to Mobile Data
1 Make sure that mobile data is available on your SIM card.
2 Connect to mobile data using either of the following methods:
• Swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel, then swipe down
further to show all shortcut switches. Touch   to enable Mobile data.
• Go to  Settings > Mobile network > Mobile data and enable Mobile data.
To conserve battery power and reduce data usage, disable the mobile data service when you
don't need it.
Manage SIM Cards
You can enable or disable SIM cards and name them for easier 
identication.
Enable or Disable a SIM Card
Go to  Settings > Mobile network > SIM management, and turn the switch for a SIM
card on or o according to your preferences.
Once disabled, a SIM card cannot be used for calling, messaging, or accessing the Internet.
Name Your SIM Card
You can name your SIM cards for easier identication and management. For example, you
could mark one SIM card as "Work" and the other as "Personal".
Go to  Settings > Mobile network > SIM management and touch   to edit the SIM
card name.
Congure Dual SIM Settings
If your phone has two SIM cards inserted, you can set one as the default mobile data SIM
and the other as the default calling SIM, or set call forwarding between the two SIM cards.
This feature applies to dual-SIM devices only.
Settings
138

--- Page 143 ---
Set a Default Mobile Data and a Default Calling SIM
Go to  Settings > Mobile network > SIM management and set SIM 1 or SIM 2 as the
default mobile data or default calling SIM.
Enable Call Forwarding Between SIMs
After enabling call forwarding between two SIM cards, incoming calls to an unavailable SIM
card will be forwarded to the other one.
This feature requires the support of your mobile carrier. For details, contact your carrier.
1 Go to  Settings > Mobile network > SIM management > Call forwarding between
SIMs.
2 Select a call forwarding mode and turn on the corresponding switch.
Call forwarding between SIMs is enabled when both switches are on.
Smart Data Switch
If two SIMs are inserted in your device, you can enable Smart data switch. Your phone will
automatically switch the mobile data SIM to optimize your Internet experience.
Go to  Settings > Mobile network > SIM management and enable Switch data
connection during calls.
The two SIM cards must be from dierent carriers.
Personal Hotspot
Once Personal hotspot has been enabled, you can share your mobile data or the Wi-Fi
network your phone is currently connected to with other devices.
Share Your Network Connection via Personal Hotspot
1 Go to  Settings > Mobile network > Personal hotspot.
2 Set Device name and Password.
3 Enable Personal hotspot and your phone will share your mobile data or the Wi-Fi
network you are currently connected to with other devices.
4 In the case of a Wi-Fi network, you can set the AP frequency band of the Wi-Fi hotspot.
Go to More > AP band and touch 2.4 GHz or 5 GHz.
5 In the case of mobile data, you can set a mobile data limit for a single session. Go to
More > Data limit and set the limit.
When this limit has been reached, your phone will automatically disable the hotspot.
Share Your Network Connection via Bluetooth
1 Go to  Settings > Bluetooth, enable Bluetooth, select a device, then follow the
onscreen instructions to complete pairing.
Settings
139

--- Page 144 ---
2 Go to  Settings > Mobile network > Personal hotspot > More, and enable Bluetooth
tethering.
3 On the Bluetooth settings screen of the paired device, touch   next to your device
name, then enable Internet access to establish an Internet connection and share your
network connection.
Share Your Network Connection via USB
1 Use a USB cable to connect your phone to a computer.
2 On your phone, go to  Settings > Mobile network > Personal hotspot > More and
enable USB tethering to share your mobile data or Wi-Fi network.
Use VoLTE to Make Calls
Voice over LTE (VoLTE) is an IP-based data transmission technology that delivers both call
and data services over a 4G network.
Once VoLTE is enabled, you can make calls while accessing the Internet. If your phone
supports dual SIM dual VoLTE, you can receive an incoming call on a SIM card even when the
other SIM card is already on a call.
VoLTE also provides you with a faster call connection time and higher quality voice and video
calls.
Enable VoLTE
1 Contact your mobile carrier to activate the 4G and VoLTE functions for your SIM card. If
both the primary and secondary SIM card trays of a dual-SIM phone support 4G and
VoLTE, 4G and VoLTE can be enabled for both SIM cards.
2 Go to  Settings > Mobile network > Mobile data. In the network settings area of SIM
1 or SIM 2, turn on the VoLTE calls switch.
Features may vary depending on your carrier.
Make a Video Call
Video calls are only possible when both parties are using VoLTE-activated devices.
1 Open  Phone, touch the Contacts tab at the bottom of the screen, then select the
contact you want to call.
2 Touch   to make a video call.
During a voice call, you can also touch   to switch to a video call.
Manage Data Usage
Open  Optimizer, then touch Data usage to view data usage and manage network
access.
Settings
140

--- Page 145 ---
View and Manage High Data Consumption Apps
1 You can nd out how much data your apps are using in comparison to each other by
going to Data usage this month on the Data usage screen.
2 Touch a high data consumption app to set mobile data, roaming data, or background data
usage limits for it.
View and Set the Network Access Permission of an App
On the Data usage screen, touch Network access, then change the settings for apps that
consume a large amount of data (such as video streaming apps) so they can only be used
when you are connected to a Wi-Fi network.
Enable or Disable Smart Data Saver
Enable Smart Data Saver to prevent apps from using mobile data in the background.
1 On the Data usage screen, touch Smart Data Saver, then enable it. The   icon will
then display in the status bar.
2 If you want to allow unrestricted access to data for some apps even when they are
running in the background, toggle on the switches for these apps.
Settings
141

--- Page 146 ---
Add Mobile Data Usage Reminders
Add data plans for your SIM cards and usage reminders in Optimizer to keep you informed of
your data consumption.
1 On the Data usage screen, go to More data settings > Monthly data limit and follow
the onscreen instructions to add a data plan.
2 On the More data settings screen, touch Usage reminders. From there, you can set
whether a 
notication will be sent or if mobile data will be disabled once the monthly
data limit or roaming data limit has been topped.
3 On the More data settings screen, you can set whether to show data used when the
screen is locked.
Enable Data Roaming
Once you have activated the international roaming service, you can enable this feature to use
mobile data when traveling in a dierent country or region.
• This feature requires the support of your mobile carrier. For details, contact your carrier.
• Charges may apply when using the international roaming service. For details about
how data roaming fees are charged, contact your carrier.
Go to  Settings > Mobile network > Mobile data. Under the SIM card for which you
wish to enable the data roaming feature, enable Data roaming.
More Connections
Airplane Mode
When traveling by plane, you can enable Airplane mode if allowed to do so by the airline. In
Airplane mode, your phone will not be able to make calls, send or receive SMS messages, or
use mobile data, but you can use all of its other functions.
You can enable or disable Airplane mode using either of the following methods:
• Swipe down from the status bar to open the 
notication panel, then swipe down on it
again to show all shortcuts. Touch   to enable or disable Airplane mode.
• Go to  Settings > Mobile network, and enable or disable Airplane mode.
Once Airplane mode has been enabled, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth will automatically be disabled.
You can re-enable them if allowed to do so by the airline.
NFC
Near Field Communication (NFC) is a short-range wireless communications technology that
allows mobile and other electronic devices to connect in countless ways.
Settings
142

--- Page 147 ---
Enable Read and write/P2P on the NFC settings screen if available. Features may vary
depending on your carrier.
 
Enable or Disable NFC
You can enable or disable NFC as follows:
• Swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel, then swipe down further to
show all shortcut switches. Touch   to enable or disable NFC. Touch and hold the switch
to enter the NFC settings screen.
• Go to 
Settings > More connections > NFC, and toggle the NFC switch on or o.
Make Quick Payments with NFC
If you have installed a payment app (such as Alipay or WeChat) on your phone and enabled
the payment service, you can make payments with NFC.
1 Go to  Settings > More connections > NFC, and enable NFC.
2 Touch Default app on the NFC settings screen, then select a default payment app, like
WeChat.
3 Enable NFC payments in the payment app. For example, in WeChat, go to Me > Settings
> General and enable Enable NFC.
4 Hold the NFC sensor (located near the rear camera) of your phone against that of a POS
terminal to enter the payment screen automatically. Complete the payment with a
password or ngerprint.
Settings
143

--- Page 148 ---
Wireless Projection
You can connect your phone to an external display (for example, a TV) wirelessly.
 
1 Based on the model and functions of your external display, do the following:
• If the external display supports Miracast, enable wireless projection on it.
• If not, use a wireless HDMI adapter to connect your phone and external display. Ensure
that the wireless HDMI adapter is connected to a power supply.
To check whether your external display supports Miracast and how to enable wireless
projection on it, consult the user guide or customer service of the external display
manufacturer.
2 Swipe down from the status bar to open the 
notication panel, then touch   to turn on
Wi-Fi.
3 Swipe down further on the 
notication panel to enable Wireless Projection. Your phone
will now search for the external display or the wireless HDMI adapter.
Alternatively, go to 
Settings > More connections > Easy Projection and enable
Wireless projection.
4 Touch the name of the external display or the wireless HDMI adapter on the search result
list to start projecting.
Settings
144

--- Page 149 ---
Wired Projection
You can connect your phone to an external display (for example, a TV) using a wired
connection.
It is recommended that you purchase the accessories recommended or specied by Huawei
from authorized sources.
Projection Using a Type-C Cable
1 Prepare a Type-C cable.
Use a Type-C to HDMI, Type-C to DP, or Type-C to MiniDP cable depending on your
external display.
 
2 Connect the Type-C end to your phone and the other end to the external display.
 
3 On the external display, set the corresponding HDMI, DP, or MiniDP input as the signal
source.
Projection Using a Docking Station
If you need to connect your phone to an external display and use a wired mouse and
keyboard, use a docking station with a USB port.
Settings
145

--- Page 150 ---
1 Prepare a docking station.
Multiple types of ports are available on a docking station. If your external display supports
HDMI and you need to use a wired mouse and keyboard, use a docking station with at
least one HDMI port and two USB ports.
 
2 Connect your phone and the external display through the docking station, then connect
the wired mouse and keyboard to the docking station.
 
3 On the external display, set the corresponding HDMI, DP, or MiniDP input as the signal
source.
Huawei Beam
You can hold the NFC sensor of one device against that of another to quickly transfer data
between them, without the need to pair the devices or even touch to conrm.
Settings
146

--- Page 151 ---
Enable Read and write/P2P on the NFC settings screen if available. Features may vary
depending on your carrier.
1 Go to  Settings > More connections, and enable NFC and Huawei Beam on both the
sending and recipient phones.
2 On the sending phone, touch and hold the le to be shared, go to More > Share or touch
, and select Huawei Beam.
Operations may vary if you are sharing les from apps directly.
3 Keep the two phones unlocked and the screens on, and hold the NFC sensors (located
near the rear camera) of the two devices together until a beep is heard and the share
screen shrinks, indicating a successful connection. The les will then start transferring.
Once the transfer has started, you can separate the two devices slightly, but keep
them within 10 cm of each other.
Huawei Share
Huawei Share is a wireless sharing technology that allows you to quickly transfer images,
videos, documents, and other types of les between devices. This technology relies on
Bluetooth to discover nearby devices, and uses Wi-Fi Direct to transfer les without using
mobile data.
Enable or Disable Huawei Share
You can enable or disable Huawei Share in either of the following ways:
• Swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel, then touch   to enable
or disable Huawei Share. Touch and hold the switch to enter the Huawei Share settings
screen.
• Go to  Settings > More connections > Huawei Share, enable or disable Huawei Share.
Enabling Huawei Share automatically turns on Wi-Fi and Bluetooth.
Quickly Share Files Between Phones
You can use Huawei Share to quickly share 
les between Huawei phones. The recipient can
preview the les before they are sent, then view the full content of the les once they have
been received. For example, the recipient can view received pictures or videos in Gallery.
 
Settings
147

--- Page 152 ---
1 On the receiving device, enable Huawei Share.
2 On the sending device, touch and hold the le you want to share, then go to More >
Share or touch  . Touch Huawei Share, then touch the name of the receiving device to
send the le.
The exact operations may vary if you are sharing les directly from apps.
3 On the receiving device, touch ACCEPT to accept the transfer.
To view the received 
les, go to Files, select the Categories tab, then go to Internal storage
> Huawei Share.
Received pictures or videos can also be found in  Gallery > Albums > Huawei Share.
Share Files Between Your Phone and Computer
You can use Huawei Share to quickly and easily share les wirelessly between your phone
and a computer.
 
Settings
148

--- Page 153 ---
1 Make sure your phone and computer are connected to the same Wi-Fi network.
If the computer is a MateBook (PC Manager earlier than version 9.1), this is not
necessary. All you need to do is make sure its Wi-Fi and Bluetooth switches are
enabled.
2 On your phone, enter the Huawei Share settings screen, and enable Huawei Share and
Computer share.
3 Record the Name shown on computers and the username and password under
Verication on computers.
4 On your computer, go to:
• Windows: Computer > Network
• iOS (iOS 10.8 or later): Finder > Go to > Network
5 On your computer, double-click the name of your phone, and enter the username and
password recorded earlier.
6 Open a folder of your phone such as the Internal storage folder, then view, edit, or copy
les from the folder to the computer, or copy les from the computer to this folder to
store them in your phone.
You can also edit the les in this folder on your computer, and the changes will be synced
to your phone automatically. Similarly, if you edit any les on your phone, the changes
will be synced to your computer as well.
Settings
149

--- Page 154 ---
One-Touch Printing with Huawei Share
When a printer that supports Huawei Share is nearby, you can use Huawei Share to nd the
printer and print out pictures or PDF les from your phone.
 
1 Depending on the type of printer, ensure the following:
• Wi-Fi capable printers: The printer must be powered on and connected to the same
network as your phone.
• Wi-Fi Direct capable printers: The printer must be powered on and have Wi-Fi Direct
enabled.
• Bluetooth capable printers: The printer must be powered on and discoverable.
2 On your phone, preview the le to be printed, then go to Share > Huawei Share.
3 Once the printer has been discovered, touch its name on your phone, and adjust settings
on the preview screen. Then touch PRINT to print.
If you are connecting a Bluetooth printer to your phone for the rst time, nd the printer
on your phone, touch the printer name, then press and hold the Power button on the
printer for about 1 second to conrm the connection.
For a list of supported printers, touch Learn more on the Huawei Share sharing screen,
swipe left on the screen, then touch What printers are supported? to see the list.
Settings
150

--- Page 155 ---
Connect to a Laptop Using a USB Cable
Select USB Connection Mode
1 Use a USB cable to connect your phone to the computer.
2 Swipe down from the status bar to open the 
notication panel, then go to Settings >
Touch for more options and select one of the following modes:
• Transfer photos: Uses the Picture Transfer Protocol (PTP) to transfer photos between
your phone and computer.
• Transfer les: Uses the Media Transfer Protocol (MTP) to transfer media les between
your phone and computer.
• Input MIDI: Uses the Musical Instrument Digital Interface (MIDI) to use your phone as
the audio input to play music on your computer.
Transfer Data Using a USB Cable
1 Use a USB cable to connect your phone to the computer. After the driver program is
automatically installed, a drive named for your phone will display on the computer.
2 Select an appropriate USB connection mode on your phone to transfer data:
• Select Transfer photos in the new drive displayed on the computer to view and copy
photos from your phone to the computer. You can also view photos stored on your
phone from the computer, or copy and paste photos between the two devices.
•
Install Windows Media Player 11 or a later version on your computer to view
media les on your phone.
• Select Input MIDI to receive and process MIDI messages transmitted by your computer
on your phone.
Printing
Connect your phone to a Mopria-certied printer via Wi-Fi, and then you will be able to print
images and documents from your phone.
Connect Your Phone to a Printer
1 Check the printer manual or consult with its manufacturer to verify that it is 
Mopria-
certied.
If it is not, consult with its manufacturer to install the corresponding app or plug-in for it
on your phone.
2 Connect your phone and the printer to the same Wi-Fi network using any of the following
methods:
• Connect to a Wi-Fi router: Enable Wi-Fi on the printer and connect it to the Wi-Fi
router. On your phone, go to  Settings > Wi-Fi, enable Wi-Fi, touch the same Wi-Fi
router, and follow the onscreen instructions to complete the settings.
Settings
151

--- Page 156 ---
• Connect with Wi-Fi Direct: If your printer supports Wi-Fi Direct, follow the instructions
in the printer manual to enable this feature. On your phone, go to  Settings > Wi-
Fi, enable Wi-Fi, go to   > Wi-Fi Direct, then touch the printer to establish the
connection.
• Connect to your printer's hotspot: If your printer can double as a wireless hotspot,
follow the instructions in the printer manual to enable the hotspot and set a password.
On your phone, go to 
Settings > Wi-Fi, enable Wi-Fi, touch the printer's hotspot,
then follow the onscreen instructions to complete the settings.
3 Go to  Settings > More connections > Printing > Default Print Service, and enable
Default Print Service.
4 Select the printer from the search results and follow the onscreen instructions to add the
printer.
Print Files
To print les in Gallery and Notepad, do the following:
• Print an image: Open Gallery. Open the image you want to print, go to More > Print or
export to PDF, select the printer, then follow the onscreen instructions to complete the
printing.
• Print a note: Open  Notepad. Open the note you want to print, touch Print, then follow
the onscreen instructions to complete the printing.
Connect to a VPN Network
A virtual private network (VPN) is a temporary connection that extends a private network
across a public network, encrypting data transmission to provide security.
When working outside the oce, you can use a VPN to securely access your company's
Intranet.
The following types of servers are supported:
• PPTP: Point-to-Point Tunneling Protocol, oering MPPE encryption.
• L2TP: Layer 2 (Data Link Layer) Tunneling Protocol, oering IPSec PSK and IPSec RSA
encryption.
• IPSec Xauth: Oering PSK, RSA, and Hybrid RSA encryption.
Connect to a PPTP Server
1 Obtain the VPN server name and address from your VPN server administrator.
2 Go to  Settings > More connections > VPN > Add VPN network, enter the VPN
name, set the server type to PPTP, then enter the server address.
Settings
152

--- Page 157 ---
3 If the VPN server does not have a DNS address, touch Show advanced options, then
enter the DNS domain, DNS server address, and forwarding route.
4 Touch Save.
5 Touch the VPN you have just set up, enter your VPN username and password, then touch
Connect.
Connect to a L2TP/IPSec PSK Server
1 Obtain the VPN server name, address, L2TP key (optional), IPSec identier (optional), and
IPSec pre-shared key from your VPN server administrator.
2 Go to  Settings > More connections > VPN > Add VPN network, enter the VPN
server name, set the server type to L2TP/IPSec PSK, then enter the server address, L2TP
key, IPsec identier, and IPsec pre-shared key.
3 If the VPN server does not have a DNS address, touch Show advanced options and enter
the DNS domain, DNS server address, and forwarding route.
4 Touch Save.
5 Touch the VPN you have just set up, enter your VPN username and password, then touch
Connect.
Home Screen & Wallpaper
Manage the Home Screen
You can customize the home screen layout to suit your phone usage habits.
Move an App Icon on the Home Screen
Touch and hold an app icon until your phone vibrates, then drag it to the desired position on
the home screen.
Keep Home Screen Icons Aligned
Pinch together two 
ngers on the home screen to access Home screen settings mode, then
enable Auto-align. With this feature enabled, empty spaces will automatically be lled when
apps are removed.
Lock Home Screen Icon Positions
Pinch together two ngers on the home screen to access Home screen settings mode, then
enable Lock layout.
Select the Home Screen Layout Pattern
Pinch together two ngers on the home screen, go to Home screen settings > Layout, then
select a layout pattern you prefer.
Settings
153

--- Page 158 ---
Put App Icons in Folders
For easy management of your app icons on the home screen, you can stack similar apps in a
folder and name the folder.
1 Touch and hold an app icon until your phone vibrates, then drag it over another app. A
folder will automatically be created to house these two apps.
2 Open a folder, touch its name, then enter a name for it.
Add App Icons to a Folder or Remove Them
Open a folder and touch  . Then you can:
• Select one or more apps, and touch OK to add them to the folder.
• Deselect one or more apps, and touch OK to remove them from the folder. If you deselect
all apps, the folder will be deleted.
Relocate a Screen Page
1 Pinch together two ngers on the home screen to access the Home screen editor.
2 Touch and hold the screen page you wish to relocate, then drag it to the desired position.
App Drawer
You can put your apps in a drawer and display only frequently used apps on your home
screen to streamline your home screen.
 
Settings
154

--- Page 159 ---
Enable App Drawer
Go to 
Settings > Home screen & wallpaper > Home screen style, and select Drawer.
Once enabled, you can swipe up on the home screen to access all of your apps in the drawer.
Add Apps in the Drawer to the Home Screen
In Drawer mode, you can swipe up on the home screen to display the App Drawer. Touch and
hold the app you want to add until your phone vibrates, then drag it to the desired position
on the home screen.
Move Apps Back to the Drawer
Touch and hold an app icon until your phone vibrates, then touch Remove. This operation
will only remove the app icon from your home screen but will not uninstall it.
You can still nd it in the app drawer.
Disable the App Drawer
To disable the App Drawer, set Home screen style to Standard.
Display & Brightness
Settings
155

--- Page 160 ---
Brightness, Color, and Color Temperature
You can set the screen brightness, color mode, and color temperature according to your
preferences.
Automatically Adjust the Screen Brightness
Go to  Settings > Display & brightness, and enable Automatic.
Your phone will automatically adjust the screen brightness according to the ambient lighting
conditions.
Manually Adjust the Screen Brightness
You can manually adjust the screen brightness using either of the following methods:
• Swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel. In the   section, drag the
slider to adjust the screen brightness.
• Go to 
Settings > Display & brightness. In the   section, drag the slider to adjust the
screen brightness.
Adjust the Color Mode
Go to  Settings > Display & brightness > Color & Eye Comfort > Color mode &
temperature, and select the color mode that you prefer. Normal mode will be easier on your
eyes and is therefore recommended.
• Normal: natural color tones
• Vivid: vivid color tones
Adjust the Color Temperature
Go to 
Settings > Display & brightness > Color & Eye Comfort > Color mode &
temperature, and select the color temperature that you prefer. Default and Warm will be
easier on your eyes and are therefore recommended.
• Default: a natural tint
• Warm: a yellowish tint
• Cool: a whitish tint
• You can touch anywhere on the color circle or drag the spot to adjust the color
temperature.
When Eye Comfort is enabled, you will need to go to the Eye Comfort settings screen to
adjust the color temperature.
Enable or Disable Natural Tone
Natural tone enables your phone to simulate the way human eyes adapt to ambient lighting
to automatically adjust the color temperature.
Settings
156

--- Page 161 ---
When the ambient lighting is of a warm color temperature, the screen will take on a
yellowish tint; when the ambient lighting is of a cold color temperature, the screen will take
on a whitish tint.
Go to  Settings > Display & brightness > Color & Eye Comfort, and enable or disable
Natural tone.
Eye Comfort Mode
Eye comfort mode can eectively reduce blue light and adjust the screen to show warmer
colors, relieving eye fatigue and protecting your eyesight.
Enable or Disable Eye Comfort Mode
• Swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel, then swipe down on it
again to show all shortcuts. Touch   to enable or disable Eye Comfort. Touch and hold
 to access the Eye Comfort settings screen.
• Go to  Settings > Display & brightness > Color & Eye Comfort > Eye Comfort, and
enable or disable Enable.
Once Eye Comfort is enabled,   will be displayed in the status bar, and the screen will
take on a yellow tint as a result of emitting less blue light.
Set a Schedule for Eye Comfort Mode
Go to  Settings > Display & brightness > Color & Eye Comfort > Eye Comfort, enable
Scheduled, then set Start and End according to your preferences.
Adjust the Color Temperature for Eye Comfort Mode
Go to 
Settings > Display & brightness > Color & Eye Comfort > Eye Comfort, enable
Enable, then drag the color temperature slider for a cooler or warmer screen color.
Enable or Disable Flicker Reduction
Go to  Settings > Display & brightness > Color & Eye Comfort > Eye Comfort, and
enable or disable Flicker reduction.
Enabling Flicker reduction will reduce the amount your screen ickers, but may also aect
its color and brightness.
Dark Mode
In low light conditions or at night, you can enable Dark mode to apply a darker color
scheme, which helps prevent excessive screen light from irritating your eyes.
Go to  Settings > Display & brightness, and enable or disable Dark mode.
Settings
157

--- Page 162 ---
Adjust Text Style Settings
You can adjust the system text size and app display size, as well as the text style.
Enlarge or Reduce Text Size
Go to  Settings > Display & brightness > Text and display size, and drag the slider for
Text size.
Enlarge or Reduce Display Size
Display size determines the size of content (including text and images) displayed within
apps.
Go to  Settings > Display & brightness > Text and display size, and drag the slider for
Display size.
Screen Resolution
Use Smart Screen Resolution
Go to 
Settings > Display & brightness > Screen resolution, and enable Smart
resolution. Your phone will automatically adjust the screen resolution according to the
current running status.
Set the Screen Resolution
Go to  Settings > Display & brightness > Screen resolution, and select a screen
resolution according to your preferences. A higher screen resolution will result in a clearer
display, but will consume more power.
Full-Screen Display
Apply Full Screen Display
• Most apps installed on your phone will automatically adapt to display correctly in full
screen.
• For apps that don't, go to  Settings > Display & brightness > More display settings >
Full-Screen Display, and toggle on their switches. Enabling Full-Screen Display may cause
some apps to display incorrectly, for instance, by being improperly stretched.
Show the Notch
1 Go to  Settings > Display & brightness > More display settings > Notch, and select
Default.
If you want to show or hide the notch for a specic app, touch Custom, select the app,
then select one of the following options:
Settings
158

--- Page 163 ---
• Auto
• Show notch
• Hide notch
Hide the Notch
Go to 
Settings > Display & brightness > More display settings > Notch, and select
Hide notch.
Extend the Screen Display to the Edges
You can extend the display of your phone to the screen edges.
Go to 
Settings > Display & brightness > More display settings > Edges, then you can:
• Enable the switch next to an app to extend the display for it.
• Enable Show for all apps.
• Go to   > Reset app preferences, and your phone will enable the switch only for
compatible apps.
Display Carrier Name and Network Speed in the Status Bar
You can check the carrier name and network speed with a single glance at the status bar.
Go to  Settings > Display & brightness > More display settings, and enable or disable
Display carrier name and Display network speed according to your preferences.
Switch to Horizontal or Landscape Orientation
Your phone is able to automatically switch your screen display orientation, with the help of
the built-in Swing Gesture Sensor (to detect your face orientation) and gravity sensor.
For example:
• When you need to switch your phone between portrait and landscape orientation when it is
placed on a surface, just rotate your phone.
• When you are using your phone while lying down, the screen will not change its display
orientation when you change your lying posture.
Swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel, then swipe down on it again
to show all shortcuts. Touch   to enable the Auto-rotate feature.
GPU Turbo
GPU Turbo represents a radical redesign of the graphics processing framework of the phone
at its most basic level, integrating hardware and software to achieve accelerated graphics
processing. It improves the device's graphics processing eciency, image quality, and
performance, whilst simultaneously reducing system power consumption.
Settings
159

--- Page 164 ---
The end result is a great improvement in user experience when playing graphically intense
games.
Sounds & Vibration
Vibrate Mode and More Sound Settings
1 Go to 
Settings > Sounds & vibration, and enable or disable Vibrate in silent mode
according to your preferences.
2 Touch More sound settings. Then you can set the sound for the following items:
• Keypad tones
• Screen lock
• Screenshot
• Screen touch
• Vibrate on touch
• Startup sound
Do Not Disturb
Do Not Disturb helps you prevent interruptions when you need to focus. When this mode is
enabled, calls and messages will be muted and banner 
notications will not be displayed.
Enable or Disable Do Not Disturb Mode
You can enable or disable Do Not Disturb using either of the following methods:
• Swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel, then swipe down on it
again to show all shortcuts. Touch   to enable or disable Do Not Disturb. You can touch
and hold   to access the Do Not Disturb settings screen.
• Go to 
Settings > Sounds & vibration > Do Not Disturb, and enable or disable Do Not
Disturb.
Once Do Not Disturb has been enabled,   will display in the status bar. When you receive
calls, notications, or messages, they will be muted, the screen will not light up, and banner
notications will not display.
Set a Schedule for Do Not Disturb Mode
Go to  Settings > Sounds & vibration > Do Not Disturb, touch Scheduled, set the time
period and repeat cycle, then enable Scheduled.
Settings
160

--- Page 165 ---
Make Exceptions in Do Not Disturb Mode
While in Do Not Disturb mode, you can enable your phone to ring for calls and messages
from certain sources so you don't miss anything important.
Go to  Settings > Sounds & vibration > Do Not Disturb, and enable Do Not Disturb or
Scheduled. Then you can:
• Touch Calls or Messages and select one of the options. If you set an exception, your phone
will ring for calls or messages from the selected source.
• Once Repeated calls is enabled, a second call from the same number within 15 minutes
will not be silenced.
Set a Ringtone for Incoming Calls
You can set your favorite music or a video as the ringtone for incoming calls.
If two SIM cards have been inserted into your phone, congure the ringtone separately for
SIM 1 and SIM 2.
Set a Music Ringtone
1 Go to  Phone >   > Settings > Ringtone or  Settings > Sounds & vibration >
Phone ringtone.
2 Select a system ringtone, or touch Music on device to select a local song as the ringtone.
Set a Video Ringtone
Set a video as the ringtone for incoming calls.
 
Settings
161

--- Page 166 ---
1 Go to  Phone >   > Settings > Ringtone or  Settings > Sounds & vibration >
Ringtone.
2 Touch Video ringtones and select a video to preview the 
eect for incoming calls.
3 Touch   to set the video as the ringtone.
Set a Ringtone for a Contact
1 Open 
Phone, touch the Contacts tab at the bottom of the screen, then select the
contact you want to set a ringtone for.
2 On the contact details screen, touch Ringtone and select a ringtone.
Set the SMS 
Notication Tone
1 Go to  Settings > Sounds & vibration, then touch Messaging tone.
2 If two SIM cards are being used, you can set SMS notication tones for them individually.
3 Select a preset tone, or touch Music on device to select a local song as the SMS
notication tone.
Settings
162

--- Page 167 ---
Set the Notication Tone
You can set a global notication tone or set tones for specic apps, such as Notepad or
Calendar.
Set the Default Notication Tone
1 Go to  Settings > Sounds & vibration, and touch Notication sound.
2 Select a preset tone, or touch Music on device to select a local song as the notication
tone.
Set the Notication Tone for a Specic App
You can set the notication tone for certain apps by doing the following:
1 Go to  Settings > Apps > Apps.
2 Select an app (for example, Notepad).
3 Go to Notications > Sound.
4 Select a preset tone, or touch Music on device to select a local song as the notication
tone.
Huawei Histen Sound 
Eects
Huawei Histen sound eects, with 3D surround sound support, deliver vibrant, crisp sounds
to create an immersive audio experience.
Huawei Histen sound eects are available only when a headset is plugged in.
Go to  Settings > Sounds & vibration > Huawei Histen sound eects and select an
option:
• Auto: Automatically identies what you are playing and intelligently applies sound eects
to optimize your experience.
• 3D audio: Delivers 3D spatial sounds.
• Natural: Faithfully reproduces the original sounds.
• Standard: Requires less power for audio playback, useful when your phone is running out
of power. You can also customize equalizer settings yourself to achieve the exact sound you
are looking for.
Auto, 3D audio, and Standard modes allow you to select a headset type so your phone can
match the sound 
eects to your particular type of headset.
Notications
Settings
163

--- Page 168 ---
App Badges
When new notications arrive for an app, a badge will appear on the app icon. By default, a
numbered badge is displayed. You can also set a dot as the badge, or hide the badge for
some or all apps.
Turn O App Badges
1 Go to  Settings > Notications, and touch App icon badges.
2 Turn o the switch for some or all apps.
Change the Badge Display Mode
On the App icon badges screen, touch Badge display mode, and select Numbers or Dots
according to your preference.
Lock Screen 
Notications
Go to  Settings > Notications and enable Hide notication content. The number of
new notications will still be displayed on the lock screen, but their contents will be hidden.
When Hide notication content is disabled, notication content will display on the lock
screen as normal.
More Notication Settings
Notications Turn on Screen
Go to  Settings > Notications > More notication settings and enable Wake screen.
Your phone will automatically turn on the screen when it receives a notication.
Disable App Notications
Disable App Notications in the Notication Panel
When you receive an app notication, swipe down from the status bar to open the
notication panel. On a notication, swipe left and hold, go to   > More settings, then
disable Allow notications.
Disable App Notications
Go to  Settings > Notications. Then you can:
• Locate and touch the app which you want to disable notications for, then disable Allow
notications.
• Touch Manage all, then turn o the switches for multiple apps which you want to disable
notications for.
Settings
164

--- Page 169 ---
Disable App Notications in Settings
1 Go to  Settings > Apps > Apps and search for the app which you want to disable
notications for.
2 Touch the app icon, then touch Notications and disable Allow notications.
Notications can't be disabled for some system apps.
Manage App Notications
Set the Notication Mode for an App
Go to 
Settings > Notications, select an app, then set the following:
• Allow notications
• Banners
• Lock screen notications
• Allow interruptions
• Sound
• Vibration
Features may vary by product.
Biometrics & Password
Fingerprint ID
You can enroll a ngerprint and then use it to unlock the screen and access your Safe, App
Lock, and more.
Enroll an In-Screen Fingerprint
 
Settings
165

--- Page 170 ---
For enhanced security, you can only enroll a ngerprint when Pattern, 4-digit PIN,
Custom PIN, or Password is being used as the unlock method. You will still need to use
your lock screen password to unlock your phone after a restart or if ngerprint
recognition fails.
1 Go to  Settings > Biometrics & password > Fingerprint ID, and follow the
instructions to set or enter the lock screen password.
2 Touch New in-screen 
ngerprint to begin enrolling your ngerprint.
3 Place your ngertip on the in-screen ngerprint sensor. When you feel a vibration, lift your
nger then press again. Move your nger around to enroll dierent parts of it.
4 When the enrollment has been completed, touch OK.
When the screen is locked, lift your phone and the in-screen ngerprint sensor will appear.
You can now place your nger on the ngerprint sensor to unlock the screen.
Rename or Delete a Fingerprint
1 Go to 
Settings > Biometrics & password > Fingerprint ID and enter your lock screen
password.
2 In the Fingerprint list section, touch an enrolled 
ngerprint to rename or delete it.
Settings
166

--- Page 171 ---
Identify a Fingerprint
Fingerprint identication allows you to match your ngers with the enrolled ngerprints.
1 Go to  Settings > Biometrics & password > Fingerprint ID and enter your lock screen
password.
2 In the Fingerprint list section, touch Identify ngerprint.
3 Touch the ngerprint sensor with your nger. The recognized ngerprint will be
highlighted.
Use Your Fingerprint to Access Your Safe
1 Go to  Settings > Biometrics & password > Fingerprint ID and enter your lock screen
password.
2 Turn on the switch for Access Safe and follow the onscreen instructions to link your
ngerprint with the Safe.
Now you can go to  Files > Categories, touch Safe, then use your ngerprint to access it.
Use Your Fingerprint to Access a Locked App
1 Go to  Settings > Biometrics & password > Fingerprint ID and enter your lock screen
password.
2 Turn on the switch for Access App Lock and follow the onscreen instructions to link your
ngerprint with App Lock.
You can now touch a locked app on your home screen and use your ngerprint to access it.
Enable and Use Fingerprint Payment
You can use your ngerprint to verify your payments in a payment app.
Go to the payment app and follow the onscreen instructions to enable this feature.
Face Recognition
3D Face Recognition utilizes more information than traditional face recognition technology to
further enhance your device security. Time-of-Flight (ToF) 3D imaging technology makes face
recognition possible even in dark environments.
You can unlock your phone, make payments, and access locked apps using your facial data.
You can also enroll an alternate look for even greater convenience.
 
Settings
167

--- Page 172 ---
Enroll Facial Data
1 Go to 
Settings > Biometrics & password > Face Recognition, and enter your lock
screen password.
If you have not set a lock screen password, set a 6-digit PIN or touch Change unlock
method to set up another type of password.
2 Select Enable raise to wake.
3 Touch Get started and follow the onscreen instructions to enroll your facial data.
 
Settings
168

--- Page 173 ---
Set an Alternate Look
You can add an alternate look for more accurate and convenient face recognition.
On the Face Recognition screen, touch Set an alternate look, and follow the onscreen
instructions to enroll the alternate facial data.
Enable Face Unlock
On the Face Recognition screen, touch Unlock device, and select an unlock method.
You can also enable Require eye contact to improve security. Once this feature is enabled,
you will need to keep your eyes open to unlock the screen.
If you have enabled PrivateSpace on or added multiple users to your phone, you can use
Face unlock only in MainSpace or with the Owner account.
Enable and Use Face Payment
Currently, HUAWEI phones support face payment on apps such as Alipay.
The method of enabling face payment varies depending on the apps. For details, contact
the app developer.
 
Settings
169

--- Page 174 ---
Access App Lock with Face Recognition
On the Face Recognition screen, enable Access App Lock, and follow the onscreen
instructions to add your facial data to App Lock.
You will then be able to access locked apps with face recognition.
Disable or Delete Facial Data
On the Face Recognition screen, you can do the following:
• Disable facial data for certain features: Disable Unlock device, or Access App Lock as
required. This will not delete your facial data.
• Delete facial data: Touch Delete facial data and follow the onscreen instructions to delete
your facial data.
Lock Screen Password
You can set a numeric, pattern, or hybrid password as your lock screen password.
Set the Lock Screen Password
You can set a numeric, pattern, or hybrid password.
 
Settings
170

--- Page 175 ---
1 Go to  Settings > Biometrics & password and touch Lock screen password.
2 Enter a password containing 6 digits.
3 Alternatively, touch Change unlock method and select a password type, then follow the
onscreen instructions to input a new password.
Change the Lock Screen Password
1 On the Biometrics & password screen, go to Change lock screen password.
2 Enter the original lock screen password.
3 Enter a new password, or touch Change unlock method to select a password type, then
follow the onscreen instructions to input a new password.
Disable Lock Screen Password
On the Biometrics & password screen, go to Disable lock screen password.
Apps
Settings
171

--- Page 176 ---
App Twin
App Twin enables you to log in to two Facebook accounts simultaneously without the hassle
of having to constantly switch between them, allowing you to keep your work and private
lives separate.
App Twin will only work with certain apps.
1 Go to  Settings > Apps > App Twin, and turn on the switch for the app you want to
create a twin of.
2 Two icons for the same app will display on the home screen for you to log in to your
separate accounts simultaneously.
3 To disable App twin, touch and hold the twinned version of the app, then touch Delete.
All the data of the twin app will be deleted.
View or Change App Settings
Go to  Settings > Apps > Apps, and touch an app. You can force stop it, uninstall it, clear
the app cache, view and change app permissions, set notication modes, and more.
Battery
Check Power Consumption
Go to 
Settings > Battery (or  Optimizer >  ). You can:
• Touch Battery usage to view power-intensive apps. Touch a power-intensive app to enable
or disable power consumption alerts.
• Touch Power consumption details to learn more about the software and hardware power
consumption.
Power Management
On the Battery screen, you can check the estimated battery time remaining, and enable a
power saving mode to extend the battery life of your phone.
 
Settings
172

--- Page 177 ---
Optimize Phone Power Settings
Go to 
Settings > Battery (or  Optimizer >  ) and touch Optimize battery usage.
Your phone will automatically analyze the current power consumption issues, optimize
certain settings, and recommend other setting optimizations.
Enable a Power Saving Mode
Your phone supports two power saving modes:
• Power Saving mode reduces power consumption by limiting background app activity,
visual eects, and sounds.
• Ultra Power Saving mode strictly controls background apps to ensure that your phone can
stay on for as long as possible. In this mode, you will only be able to use selected apps, and
all system switches, except for Wi-Fi and mobile data, will be turned o.
On the Battery screen, select a power saving mode:
• When the battery level is extremely low, enable Ultra Power Saving mode. Your phone will
then display a black home screen.
To add apps you wish to use in Ultra Power Saving mode, touch  , and select the apps
from the list. You can touch   to remove the apps, or touch   in the upper right
corner to exit Ultra Power Saving mode.
Settings
173

--- Page 178 ---
• When the battery level is not extremely low, but you would still like to save power, enable
Power Saving mode. The   icon will then display in the status bar.
Enable Performance Mode
Performance mode adjusts power settings to deliver maximum performance. This will cause
the battery to drain more quickly, especially when graphics-intensive apps are used.
When the battery level is sucient, go to  Settings > Battery (or  Optimizer >  )
and enable Performance mode.
The 
 icon will then display in the status bar.
Battery Settings
You can also set whether to display the battery percentage in the status bar, and whether to
maintain a network connection when the phone screen is turned o.
Display Battery Percentage in the Status Bar
Go to  Settings > Battery (or  Optimizer >  ), touch Battery percentage, and
choose to display the battery percentage, either inside or outside of the battery icon in the
status bar.
Stay Connected While Your Device is Sleeping
If you would like your phone to continue to receive messages or download data while it is in
sleep mode, set your phone to stay connected when it sleeps. Please note that this may
increase power consumption.
On the Battery screen, touch More battery settings, then enable or disable Stay connected
when device sleeps as required.
Storage
Check Storage Usage
Go to 
Settings > Storage to check storage usage and optimize it when you feel
necessary.
Cleanup
You can use Cleanup in Optimizer to scan for redundant or large les, such as app residue,
unwanted installation packages, WeChat data, and more. Once detected, you can choose
whether or not to delete les as suggested.
1 Open  Optimizer, then touch Cleanup.
Settings
174

--- Page 179 ---
2 When the scan is complete, touch Clean up after each item and delete any les you don't
need.
Clean Up Duplicate Files
Optimizer can identify duplicate les on your phone.
On the Cleanup screen, touch Duplicate les, then select unwanted les to delete them.
Security
Password Vault
Password Vault saves your usernames and passwords and 
autolls them for you each time
you log in to an app. This data is hardware encrypted and stored only on your device. Huawei
does not have access to it, and will not upload it to the network or server.
Password Vault is only compatible with certain apps.
 
Log In Faster with Password Vault
1 When you log in to an app for the rst time, your phone will automatically prompt you to
save the password. Touch SAVE when prompted.
Settings
175

--- Page 180 ---
If you accidentally touch Never save, you can still enable the autoll feature for this app
by going to  Settings > Security > Password Vault > Autoll settings, and toggling
on the switch next to this app. When the switch is toggled o, the autoll feature will be
disabled.
2 If you log out of the app, the next time you log in, your device will autoll the username
and password once you have veried your identity with your lock screen password,
ngerprint, or face ID.
When you switch to a new Huawei phone, you can use Phone Clone to transfer data in
Password Vault to your new device.
View or Delete Stored Usernames and Passwords
You can view or delete the usernames and passwords stored in Password Vault at any time.
Go to  Settings > Security > Password Vault > ACCOUNTS to view or delete the stored
usernames and passwords.
Disable Password Vault
Password Vault is enabled by default, but can be disabled if required.
Go to  Settings > Security > Password Vault, and disable Password Vault.
App Lock
You can lock apps containing private data, such as chat and payment apps, to prevent
unauthorized access.
 
Settings
176

--- Page 181 ---
Enable App Lock
Go to 
Settings > Security > App Lock > Enable, set the App Lock password and select
the apps to lock.
If you have enabled face or ngerprint unlock, you can link App Lock with a face ID or
ngerprint ID as prompted.
Enable AI information protection
If you use Face ID as the App Lock unlock method, the Swing Gesture Sensor will provide
further security protection when you are using the app.
In a well-lit environment, if another face is detected, the app will be locked and notications
received by the app will be hidden. You will need to unlock the app again with a password or
your face to re-enter it.
Change the App Lock Password or Security Questions
Enter the App Lock settings screen, go to   > Password type, and select Lock screen
password or Custom PIN as the App Lock password.
If you select Custom PIN, you can go on to set a new password and security questions.
Settings
177

--- Page 182 ---
Cancel or Disable App Lock
On the App Lock settings screen, do the following:
• Cancel App Lock: On the list of locked apps, toggle o the switches beside the apps for
which you want to cancel App Lock.
• Reset App Lock: Go to   > Disable App Lock > DISABLE. This will cancel all locks, and
clear all App Lock settings.
Smart Unlock
Smart Unlock enables you to unlock your phone with a Bluetooth device, like a smart band.
When a compatible Bluetooth device is detected, you can unlock your phone with a simple
swipe.
 
1 Go to  Settings > Biometrics & password > Smart Unlock.
2 Touch Step 1: Set an unlock method, and follow the onscreen instructions to set the lock
screen password. If a lock screen password has been set, skip this step.
3 Touch Step 2: Add a Bluetooth device, enable Smart Unlock, touch  , then pair a
Bluetooth device, like a smart band.
Settings
178

--- Page 183 ---
4 On the Smart Unlock settings screen, touch Paired devices, then follow the onscreen
instructions to set this device as the Unlocking device.
To learn more about Smart Unlock, touch 
 on the Smart Unlock settings screen.
Encrypt Memory Card Data
You can encrypt les stored on the memory card. Encrypted les can only be viewed and
used on your device.
1 Insert a memory card into your phone and ensure that the memory card has 
sucient
storage space.
2 Go to 
Settings > Security > More settings > Encryption and credentials.
3 Touch Encrypt memory card and follow the onscreen instructions to encrypt the memory
card.
During the encryption, do not restart your phone or forcibly remove the memory card.
Otherwise, the encryption may fail or data may be lost.
To decrypt a memory card, touch Decrypt memory card and follow the onscreen instructions
to decrypt les on the memory card. Formatting a memory card can also decrypt the
memory card, but will erase all data on the memory card.
Encrypting and decrypting the memory card is not supported if you are not logged in as
the Owner.
Set a SIM PIN Lock
A PIN is the identity code of a SIM card, and can be set as the SIM card lock. After doing so,
you will be required to enter the correct PIN to unlock the SIM card every time you power on
your device or switch to a new phone to prevent unauthorized access.
You need to obtain the PIN of your SIM card from your carrier before using this function.
1 To set up the SIM PIN lock, go to  Settings > Security > More settings > Encryption
and credentials, then touch Set lock to enter the SIM lock setup screen.
2 Enable Lock SIM card, enter the PIN code, then touch OK.
To modify the PIN, touch Change SIM PIN and follow the instructions.
• You have to enter a PIN Unlocking Key (PUK) code to unlock the SIM card if you
exceed the maximum number of failed attempts to enter the PIN. A new PIN needs to
be set up once you successfully unlock your SIM with a PUK. Should you also exceed
the maximum number of failed attempts to enter the PUK code, your SIM card will be
blocked.
• The PUK code can only be obtained from your carrier.
Pin a Screen
You can pin the screen of an app so you can stay focused on it. Try this feature when playing
games, watching videos, and more.
Settings
179

--- Page 184 ---
Go to  Settings > Security > More settings > Screen pinning, and enable Screen
pinning.
• When using gesture navigation, swipe up from the bottom of the screen and hold to access
the recent tasks screen, then touch   on an app preview. To unpin, swipe up twice from
the bottom of the screen.
• When using three-key navigation, touch 
 to access the recent tasks screen, and touch
 on an app preview. To unpin, touch and hold  .
Safe Mode
Safe mode uses a simplied operating system with only basic functions and pre-installed
apps available. It can be used to locate third-party apps causing system failures.
Safe Mode Functions
After installing certain third-party apps, your phone may fail to work properly. In this case,
you can enter Safe mode to check whether the problem has been caused by a third-party app
or by the system itself.
• If the system is running properly in Safe mode, the issue is likely caused by a third-party
app. In Safe mode, go to  Settings > Apps > Apps, nd the third-party app in question,
and uninstall it after switching back to the normal mode.
• If the system runs abnormally in Safe mode, then the system is faulty. Back up your data
and take your device and proof of purchase to an authorized Huawei Customer Service
Center for assistance.
Enter and Exit Safe Mode
• Enter Safe mode: During the startup process, short press the Power button continuously
until the selection screen is displayed. Touch Safe mode and press the Power button to
enter Safe mode. In Safe mode, Safe mode is displayed in the lower left corner.
• Exit Safe mode: Restart your phone to exit.
Privacy
Permission Management
Apps may require certain permissions, such as the Location permission, in order to provide
you with corresponding services.
However, some apps may obtain too many unnecessary permissions, posing potential risks to
your privacy and information security. You can monitor the permissions granted to each app
and deny those you deem unnecessary.
Settings
180

--- Page 185 ---
Manage the Location Permission
With the Location permission, apps can obtain your location to provide location-based
services. For example, if a map app obtains the Location permission, it can provide you with
location and navigation services. You can disable the permission if you do not need these
services.
1 Go to  Settings > Apps > Permissions.
2 On the Permissions screen, enter Location, touch the app you want to manage, and
select an option.
Manage Permissions to Access Other Private Data
You can also manage permissions to access your personal data, such as Contacts, Messaging,
Call logs, Body sensors, Calendar, and Camera, to enjoy better services and protect your
privacy.
On the Permissions screen, touch the permission you want to manage, and toggle the switch
for each app on or o as required.
Location Services
Some apps need to obtain your location information to provide better services. You can
enable or disable location services, and grant or deny the permission to access location
information for particular apps as required.
Enable or Disable Location Services
You can enable or disable location services in either of the following ways:
• Swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel and swipe down further to
display all shortcut switches. Touch   to enable or disable this function.
• Alternatively, go to 
Settings > Location and enable or disable Access my location.
After location services are disabled, your phone will prevent all apps and services from
collecting and using location information, with the exception of some built-in apps. When
these apps or services need to use location information, your phone will remind you to
enable location services again.
Increase the Accuracy of Location Services
You can improve the positioning accuracy of your phone by allowing apps and services to
scan for nearby Wi-Fi networks and Bluetooth devices.
Go to  Settings > Location > Advanced settings, then enable Wi-Fi and Bluetooth
scanning.
Settings
181

--- Page 186 ---
Allow or Forbid Apps to Obtain Location Information
You can allow or forbid an app to access location information, including granting one-time or
permanent access, or denying access to location information during use of the app.
1 Go to  Settings > Privacy > Permissions, touch Location, and check which apps have
been granted access to location information.
2 Touch the app you want to change settings for, and follow the onscreen instructions to
grant or deny permissions.
PrivateSpace
Create a PrivateSpace that is completely independent of the MainSpace (the original space)
of your phone, which can be accessed using your ngerprint ID or a password.
You can move private photos and condential business les to your PrivateSpace to prevent
unauthorized access. You can also move your payment and gaming apps to PrivateSpace to
keep them away from your child.
Enable and Disable PrivateSpace
1 Go to  Settings > Privacy > PrivateSpace > Enable, and follow the onscreen
instructions to create a PrivateSpace.
2 You can enter your PrivateSpace using either of the following methods:
• On the lock screen, access PrivateSpace using the ngerprint or password set for the
space.
• Alternatively, in MainSpace, go to  Settings > Privacy > PrivateSpace, and touch
Log in.
If you restart your phone, you have to enter the password to access the MainSpace
rst, then switch to the PrivateSpace.
Hide or Unhide the Entrance to PrivateSpace
You can hide the entrance to PrivateSpace in the MainSpace settings, so that you can only
access PrivateSpace using the ngerprint or password set for the space.
• To hide the entrance to PrivateSpace: In PrivateSpace, go to  Settings > Privacy >
PrivateSpace, and enable Hide PrivateSpace.
• To unhide the entrance to PrivateSpace: In MainSpace, go to  Settings > Security >
More settings, then go to Show all settings > OK.
Transfer Files Between MainSpace and PrivateSpace
1 In PrivateSpace, go to 
Settings > Privacy > PrivateSpace, and touch MainSpace to
PrivateSpace or PrivateSpace to MainSpace.
Settings
182

--- Page 187 ---
2 Select the les (such as contacts, photos, videos, and audio les) you want to transfer,
touch Move, and follow the onscreen instructions to transfer the les.
In the target space, go to Gallery > Albums > SharedImages, or Gallery > Albums >
SharedVideos to view photos and videos.
Reset Password for PrivateSpace
You can set a security question when creating the password for PrivateSpace, which will help
you to reset the password if you happen to forget it.
1 In PrivateSpace, go to 
Settings > Privacy > PrivateSpace, then touch Password
protection.
2 Follow the onscreen instructions to complete the 
verication, select and answer the
security question, then touch Finish.
3 In MainSpace, go to 
Settings > Privacy > PrivateSpace, then go to   > Reset
password, and follow the onscreen instructions to complete the verication and reset the
password.
Transfer Data in PrivateSpace to Your New Phone
You can quickly transfer your PrivateSpace data, such as contacts, photos, and les, from your
old phone to your new one.
1 On your new phone, create and enter your PrivateSpace, go to  Settings > Privacy >
PrivateSpace > Space Clone, and select This is the new phone.
2 In your old phone, enter your PrivateSpace, go to  Settings > Privacy > PrivateSpace >
Space Clone, and select This is the old phone.
3 Follow the onscreen instructions to scan the QR code or manually connect the old device
to the new one.
4 On your old phone, select the data to be transferred. You can cancel the data transfer
during the process, and then continue it once you have connected your old device with the
new one again.
Delete PrivateSpace
If you delete PrivateSpace, all apps and data stored in the space will be deleted and cannot
be restored. Please exercise caution when deleting PrivateSpace.
You can delete PrivateSpace in either of the following ways:
• In MainSpace, go to  Settings > Privacy > PrivateSpace, then go to   > Delete
PrivateSpace.
• Alternatively, in PrivateSpace, go to  Settings > Privacy > PrivateSpace, then touch
Delete.
Settings
183

--- Page 188 ---
Digital Balance
Digital Balance
Digital balance helps you 
nd out how much screen time you spent on your phone, and lets
you set your daily screen time, app limits, and bedtime schedule.
 
Set Screen Time for Your Phone
Fine-tune your phone usage habits by setting a daily screen time limit, individual app time
limit, and away time.
1 Go to 
Settings > Digital balance, and touch START.
2 Select Me, and touch OK.
3 Now you can:
• Touch Screen time, and set your daily screen time limit for your phone.
• Touch App limits, select an app for which you need to set a usage limit, and set a time
limit.
• Go to Away time > Add, and schedule time away from your phone.
Settings
184

--- Page 189 ---
When a time limit has been reached, unavailable apps will be grayed out.
To continue using an app for which the time limit has been reached, touch the app, then
touch Get more time. You can choose to extend the app usage time by 15 minutes or grant
unlimited use for the current day.
To disable Digital balance, go to its home screen and touch Disable Digital balance.
View Your Phone Screen Time
Digital balance enables you to learn how frequently you use dierent apps. The rst step
towards a balanced digital lifestyle is understanding more about your digital habits.
Go to  Settings > Digital balance > Screen time, and touch Today or Last 7 days to
check the following information about your phone:
• Screen time
• App usage
• Unlocks
Set Phone Time for Your Child
Set phone screen time for your child and guide them towards a balanced digital lifestyle.
1 Go to 
Settings > Digital balance.
2 Select My child, and touch OK.
3 Follow the onscreen instructions to set the PIN and security question.
4 Now you can:
• Touch Screen time, and set a daily screen time limit for your child when using the
phone.
• Touch App limits, select an app for which you need to set a usage limit, and set a time
limit.
• Go to Away time > Add, and schedule a downtime for the phone.
The Digital balance PIN will be required when extending the screen time limit or making
changes to the screen time management settings.
To disable Digital balance, go to its home screen and touch Disable Digital balance.
Posture Alerts
Enable Posture alerts, and your phone will notify you if poor posture is detected — for
example, if you are too close to the screen, or using your phone while walking.
 
Settings
185

--- Page 190 ---
Go to  Settings > Digital balance, and enable or disable Posture alerts according to your
preference.
Accessibility Features
Accessibility
Screen reader apps are designed to assist visually impaired users to use a phone.
Enable Color Correction to Customize the Screen Color
Color correction helps people with poor eyesight see the screen content more easily.
1 Go to Accessibility > Color correction and enable Color correction.
2 Touch Correction mode to select a color correction mode.
Use 
Magnication Gestures
Use magnication gestures to zoom in on the screen.
On the Accessibility > Magnication screen, touch Magnication, then enable it.
Zoom in or out by touching the screen three times in a row.
• While zoomed in, spread two or more ngers to further zoom in, then pinch two or more
ngers together to zoom back out.
Settings
186

--- Page 191 ---
• Drag the screen with two or more ngers to view other parts of the screen.
Enable Color Inversion
Color inversion allows you to invert the color of the text and the background. When Color
inversion is enabled, your phone will display text in white and the background in black.
On the Accessibility screen, enable Color inversion.
Adjust the Touch and Hold Delay
Touch & hold delay allows you to adjust the time the screen takes to respond when you
touch and hold something.
On the Accessibility screen, touch Touch & hold delay, then select a delay option according
to your preferences.
One-Handed Mode
You can switch to a mini screen view so you can easily use your device with one hand.
 
1 Go to  Settings > Accessibility features > One-Handed mode and enable One-
Handed mode.
2 Access One-Handed mode using one of the following methods, depending on the
navigation mode you are using on your phone.
Settings
187

--- Page 192 ---
• If you're using gesture navigation, swipe up diagonally from one of the bottom
corners.
• If you're using three-key navigation, swipe left or right across the navigation bar.
3 Touch the blank area to exit.
Air Gestures
1 Make sure that your hand is placed about half an arm's length away from the screen.
 
2 Place your hand in front of the upper part of the screen in order for the sensor on the top
of the screen to detect it.
 
3 To scroll up, place the back of your hand in front of the screen with your ngers pointing
downwards until   appears. Then gently wave your hand upwards.
 
Settings
188

--- Page 193 ---
4 To scroll down, place the palm of your hand in front of the screen with your ngers
pointing upwards until   appears. Then gently wave your hand downwards.
 
5 For the screen to scroll properly, make sure that you wave your hand up or down slowly
and do not move your hand too far away from the phone. Each time the   or   icon
appears, your phone will only respond to your hand waving or grabbing gesture once.
Smart Cover Mode
For best results, you are advised to use a standard Huawei ip cover.
Enable Smart Cover Mode
Go to  Settings > Accessibility features > Smart cover, and enable Smart cover. If the
ip cover comes with a display window, enable Use display window as well.
Open or Close the Flip Cover
• Flipping open the cover will light up your phone and show the lock screen (or Magazine
Unlock screen).
• Closing the ip cover will lock the screen of your phone if it is on standby.
• When a 
ip cover with a display window is closed, you can check the date, time, weather,
and more in the window.
Settings
189

--- Page 194 ---
Mistouch Prevention
Enable Mistouch prevention to prevent unintended operations from accidental touches on
the screen.
Go to  Settings > Accessibility features, and enable or disable Mistouch prevention.
Gloves Mode
Your phone can respond to your touches even when you are wearing gloves.
Go to  Settings > Accessibility features, and enable Gloves mode.
To ensure a higher success rate, apply adequate force when touching or swiping on the
screen.
Scheduled Power On/O
Use the Scheduled power on/o feature to power your phone on and o at set times, to
save power and prevent interruptions while resting.
1 Go to 
Settings > Accessibility features > Scheduled power on/o, and enable
Scheduled power on/o.
2 Set the power on and 
o times, as well as the repeat cycle. Your phone will power on and
o automatically at the specied times.
To stop using this feature, disable Scheduled power on/o.
Users & Accounts
Set Up Users
You can create a separate account for someone else to use your phone. For your privacy and
data security, the other user will only be allowed to access certain functions of your phone.
The following user account types are available on your phone:
• Owner
Your account is the owner by default.
An owner is allowed to perform any operation on the phone, including adding or deleting
other accounts, and authorizing other accounts to use the calling and SMS functions.
• User
You can create a user account for someone who frequently uses your phone.
A user account can use most of the functions on your phone. However, they can't use
functions that will interfere with the owner, such as restoring to factory settings, using
phone clone, changing user rights, or creating a PrivateSpace.
• Guest
You can create a guest account for someone who only needs to use your phone temporarily.
Settings
190

--- Page 195 ---
A guest account can only use limited, basic functions on your phone. For example, a guest
is not allowed to send SMS messages, install unknown apps, switch to a dierent Wi-Fi
network, or set mobile data monitoring.
 
Add a User or Guest Account
1 Go to 
Settings > Users & accounts > Users, touch Add user or Add guest, then
follow the onscreen instructions to add an account.
2 Touch Switch to switch to the user or guest account. 
Congure the settings for the new
account as prompted.
3 Install apps as needed. Note that if a newer version of an app has been installed by
another user, the app installation will fail.
A maximum of three user and one guest accounts can be added.
Authorize a User or Guest Account to Make Calls and Send Messages
You can set whether to allow a user or guest account to make calls, send SMS messages, and
more.
• After accessing your phone as the owner, go to  Settings > Users & accounts > Users.
• Touch the related account, and select the permissions you want to authorize.
Settings
191

--- Page 196 ---
Switch Between the Owner, User, and Guest
You can switch to a dierent account using either of the following methods:
• Swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel, touch  , then touch the
prole picture of the account you wish to switch to.
• Go to  Settings > Users & accounts > Users, and touch the name of the account you
wish to switch to.
Delete a User or Guest Account
Deleting a user or guest account will delete all its related data. Please exercise caution.
After accessing your phone as the owner, use either of the following methods to delete a user
or guest account:
• Go to 
Settings > Users & accounts > Users, touch the name of the account you wish
to delete, then follow the onscreen instructions to delete it.
• Swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel, touch   > More settings,
touch the name of the account you wish to delete, then follow the onscreen instructions to
delete it.
System & Updates
Language and Region
1 Go to 
Settings > System & updates > Language & input > Language and region,
then select the language you want to use.
2 If the language is not listed, touch Add language, then locate and touch it to add it to
the list.
3 Touch Region to select a country/region, so the display content will adapt to the local
culture and habits of the country/region you have selected.
Input Method
You can download a third-party input method and set it as the default input method.
1 Download the input method from an 
ocial app market.
2 Follow the onscreen instructions to set it as the default input method, or go to 
Settings > System & updates > Language & input > Default keyboard and select the
input method.
Date and Time
Your phone is able to sync to the local date, time, and time zone over a mobile network. You
can also manually set the date, time, and time zone for your phone.
Settings
192

--- Page 197 ---
Go to  Settings > System & updates > Date & time, then set the options according to
your requirements.
Set the Date and Time Automatically or Manually
• Enable Set automatically, and your phone will sync to the local date and time over a
mobile network.
• To manually set the date and time, disable Set automatically.
Change the Time Zone
• Enable Set automatically, and your phone will sync to the local time zone over a mobile
network.
• To manually set the time zone, disable Set automatically.
Change the Time Format
• Enable 24-hour time and your phone will display time in the 24-hour format.
• Disable 24-hour time and your phone will display time in the 12-hour format.
Phone Clone
Phone Clone lets you quickly and seamlessly move all the basic data (including contacts,
calendar, images, and videos) from your old phone to your new phone.
 
Settings
193

--- Page 198 ---
Clone Data from an Android Device
1 On your new phone, open 
Phone Clone (in the Tools folder by default). Alternatively,
go to  Settings > System & updates > Phone Clone, touch This is the new phone,
then touch Huawei or Other Android.
2 Follow the onscreen instructions to download and install Phone Clone on your old device.
3 On your old device, open 
Phone Clone and touch This is the old phone. Follow the
onscreen instructions to connect your old device with your new phone by scanning a code
or connecting manually.
4 On your old device, select the data you want to clone, then touch Transfer to start
cloning.
Phone Clone is only available on phones running Android 4.4 or later.
Clone Data from an iPhone or iPad
1 On your new phone, open  Phone Clone (in the Tools folder by default). Alternatively,
go to 
Settings > System & updates > Phone Clone, touch This is the new phone,
then touch iPhone/iPad.
2 Follow the onscreen instructions to download and install Phone Clone on your old device.
Settings
194

--- Page 199 ---
3 On your old device, open  Phone Clone and touch This is the old phone. Follow the
onscreen instructions to connect your old device with your new phone by scanning a code
or connecting manually.
4 On your old device, select the data you want to clone, then follow the onscreen
instructions to complete the data cloning.
Phone Clone is only available on phones running iOS 8.0 or later.
Back Up with an External Storage Device
Back Up with a Memory Card
Insert a memory card in your phone so you can conveniently back up your data to keep it
safe.
1 Go to  Settings > System & updates > Backup & restore > Data backup > External
storage and touch Memory card.
2 Touch BACK UP, select the data you want to back up, then touch Back up.
3 Follow the onscreen instructions to set the password and password hint. The data will be
encrypted and backed up. The password will be required if you want to restore your data
backup.
To reset the password, go to the Memory card backup screen, then   > Reset
password.
The new password is only valid for backups created thereafter.
4 After the backup is complete, you can nd your data backup in the Huawei folder in Files
> Categories > Memory card.
You can go to the Memory card backup screen and enable Auto-backup. Your phone will
then automatically back up your data every seven days when it is being charged, the screen
is turned o, and the battery level is at least 75%.
Restore Your Backup from a Memory Card
1 Go to  Settings > System & updates > Backup & restore > Data backup > External
storage and touch Memory card.
2 Select the backup you want to restore from the RESTORE FROM BACKUP list.
3 Select the data you want to restore, touch Restore, and enter the password as prompted.
Back Up with a USB Storage Device
In case of insucient storage space on your phone, you can back up large les and any data
on a USB storage device, such as a USB ash drive or card reader.
1 Connect your phone to a USB storage device via a USB OTG cable.
2 On the External storage screen of your phone, touch USB storage.
3 Touch BACK UP, select the data you want to back up, then touch Back up.
Settings
195

--- Page 200 ---
4 Follow the onscreen instructions to set the password and password hint. The data will be
encrypted and backed up. The password will be required if you want to restore your data
backup.
To reset the password, go to the USB storage backup screen, then 
 > Reset password.
The new password is only valid for backups created thereafter.
Restore Your Data from a USB Storage Device
1 Connect your phone to a USB storage device via a USB OTG cable.
2 On the External storage screen of your phone, touch USB storage.
3 Select the backup you want to restore from the RESTORE FROM BACKUP list.
4 Select the data you want to restore, touch Restore, and enter the password as prompted.
Back Up with a NAS Device
You can back up your important data on a network-attached storage (NAS) device, also
known as a private cloud storage server. The NAS device provides shared folders for data
backup.
1 On the External storage screen of your phone, touch Shared folder.
2 On your phone, scan for available NAS devices using your Wi-Fi network, then touch an
applicable one to access and add its shared folders.
3 Touch BACK UP, select the data you want to back up, then touch Back up.
4 Follow the onscreen instructions to set the password and password hint. The data will be
encrypted and backed up. The password will be required if you want to restore your data
backup.
To reset the password, go to the Shared folder backup screen, then   > Reset
password.
The new password is only valid for backups created thereafter.
Restore Your Data from an NAS Device
1 On the External storage screen of your phone, touch Shared folder.
2 On your phone, scan for available NAS devices using your Wi-Fi network, then touch an
applicable one to access and add its shared folders.
3 Select the backup you want to restore from the RESTORE FROM BACKUP list.
4 Select the data you want to restore, touch Restore, and enter the password as prompted.
Reset Your Phone
Reset Network Settings
This operation will reset your Wi-Fi, mobile data network, and Bluetooth settings. It will not
change any other settings on your phone or delete any data.
Settings
196

--- Page 201 ---
Go to  Settings > System & updates > Reset, touch Reset network settings, then follow
the onscreen instructions to reset network settings.
Reset All Settings
This operation will reset all network settings, ngerprints, face recognition data, and the lock
screen password of your phone. It will not delete any data from your phone.
Go to  Settings > System & updates > Reset, touch Reset all settings, then follow the
onscreen instructions to reset all settings.
Restore Factory Settings
This operation will erase all the data on your phone, including your accounts, app data,
system settings, installed apps, music, images, and all les on the internal storage. Make sure
to back up your data before restoring your phone to its factory settings.
Go to 
Settings > System & updates > Reset > Reset phone, touch Reset phone, then
follow the onscreen instructions to restore your phone to its factory settings.
Simple Mode
Simple mode adopts a more concise layout for easy navigation, enlarges icons and fonts for
the home screen, and maximizes the volume.
 
Settings
197

--- Page 202 ---
Enable Simple Mode
Go to 
Settings > System & updates > Simple mode and touch Enable.
Touch and hold any icon to drag it to the desired location or uninstall it if it is not a
mandatory app.
Exit Simple mode
Open Settings and touch Exit Simple mode.
Update the System Online
When an update is available, your phone will prompt you to download and install the update
package.
Settings
198

--- Page 203 ---
• Before updating, make sure your phone is running an ocial system version.
Otherwise, the update may fail and your phone may experience unknown issues.
• Back up your user data before the update.
• After an update, third-party apps that aren't compatible with the new system version
may become unavailable. In some cases, it may take some time for a compatible app
version to be released.
• During the update, do not power o or restart your phone, remove the memory card,
or insert a memory card.
1 Go to  Settings > System & updates, and touch Software update.
2 When an update is available, you can either manually download and install the update
package, or update your phone automatically overnight.
• Download and install the update package: Go to New version > DOWNLOAD AND
INSTALL. To avoid data usage, connect your phone to a Wi-Fi network when
downloading the update package.
Your phone will automatically restart once the update is complete.
• Update overnight: Touch 
, and enable Auto-download over Wi-Fi and Update
overnight.
Your phone will automatically update and restart between 02:00 – 04:00.
To ensure a successful overnight update, make sure that your phone is powered on, the
screen is locked, there are no alarms set for this period of time, and the battery level
remains higher than 35%. Connect your phone to a charger if necessary.
To disable automatic updates, touch   on the Software update screen, then disable Auto-
download over Wi-Fi.
About Phone
Legal Disclaimer
Copyright © Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. 2019. All rights reserved.
No part of this manual may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means
without prior written consent of Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. and its 
aliates ("Huawei").
The product described in this manual may include copyrighted software of Huawei and
possible licensors. Customers shall not in any manner reproduce, distribute, modify,
decompile, disassemble, decrypt, extract, reverse engineer, lease, assign, or sublicense the
said software, unless such restrictions are prohibited by applicable laws or such actions are
approved by respective copyright holders.
Settings
199

--- Page 204 ---
Statement on Water Resistance
The device was tested under controlled laboratory conditions and is splash, water, and dust
resistant with a rating of IP68 under IEC 60529. Splash, water, and dust resistance are not
permanent conditions, and may decrease as a result of normal wear and tear. Do not charge
this device in a humid environment. For details about this feature, please visit http://
consumer.huawei.com/en/support/.
Conditions for IP68 resistance:
• Depth: Up to 1.5 m (4.9 ft.) of static water
• Duration: 30 minutes
• Temperature 
dierence between the water and the device: no greater than 5°C
Settings
200

--- Page 205 ---
This guide is for reference only. The actual product, including but not limited 
to the color, size, and screen layout, may vary. All statements, information, 
and recommendations in this guide do not constitute a warranty of any kind, 
express or implied.
Please visit http://consumer.huawei.com/en/support/hotline for recent 
updated hotline and email address in your country or region.
Model: LIO-L09
           LIO-L29
            
EMUI 10.0_02

