Brand: HUAWEI
Model: Matebook X Pro
URL: https://www.manua.ls/huawei/matebook-x-pro/manual
Total Pages: 202
============================================================

--- Page 2 ---
Contents
Essentials
Basic Gestures
1
System Navigation
4
Phone Clone
5
Lock and Unlock Your Screen
7
Get Familiar with the Home Screen
8
Notication and Status Icons
9
Shortcut Switches
11
Home Screen Widgets
12
Set Your Wallpaper
13
Screenshots&Screen Recording
13
View and Clear Notications
19
Adjust Sound Settings
20
Enter Text
22
Split-screen Mode and Floating Window
22
Show Date and Time When the Screen Is O
26
Power On and O or Restart Your Device
27
Charging
28
Smart Features
HiVoice
30
AI Lens
34
HiTouch
38
Easy Projection
39
Multi-screen Collaboration
43
Huawei Share
50
Switch Audio Channels Between Devices
53
Camera and Gallery
Launch Camera
55
Take Photos
56
Shoot in Portrait, Night, and Wide Aperture Modes
58
Master AI
61
Zoom to Take Photos
63
Super Macro
64
Take Panoramic Photos
65
Take Black and White Photos
66
AR Lens
66
Light Painting
68
Take HDR Photos
69
Moving Pictures
70
i

--- Page 3 ---
Add Stickers to Photos
70
Documents Mode
71
Underwater Mode
71
Take High-Resolution Photos
72
Pro Mode
73
Record Videos
75
AI Movie Eects
75
4K HD Videos
76
Slow-Mo Recording
77
Time-Lapse Photography
78
Dual-View Mode
79
Leica Colors
80
Filters
80
Use the Camera with Other Devices
81
Adjust Camera Settings
82
Manage Gallery
83
Smart Photo Categorisation
91
Huawei Vlog Editor
92
Huawei Vlogs
95
Highlights
95
Apps
Apps
98
Contacts
99
Phone
102
Messaging
112
Calendar
114
Clock
117
Notepad
119
Recorder
121
Email
122
Calculator
126
Torch
127
Compass
127
Mirror
127
App Twin
128
Quickly Access Frequently Used App Features
128
Optimizer
129
Phone Clone
134
HiSuite
136
Tips
137
Settings
Search for Items in Settings
139
Contents
ii

--- Page 4 ---
Wi-Fi
139
Bluetooth
140
Mobile Data
142
More Connections
149
Home Screen&Wallpaper
160
Display&Brightness
162
Sounds&Vibration
165
Notications
168
Biometrics&Password
170
Apps
175
Battery
176
Storage
177
Security
178
Privacy
183
Accessibility Features
186
Users&Accounts
189
System&Updates
190
About Phone
197
Contents
iii

--- Page 5 ---
Essentials
Basic Gestures
Basic Gestures
Air Gestures
You can use gestures to take screenshots and scroll without touching the screen.
Go to 
Settings > Accessibility features > Shortcuts & gestures > Air gestures, and
ensure that Air scroll and Grabshot are enabled.
Air scroll
Hold the palm or back of your hand 20 to 40 cm (8 to 16 in.)
away from the screen, until   or   appears at the top of
the screen. Then move your hand upwards or downwards to
scroll up or down on the screen.
Take a screenshot
Hold the palm of your hand 20 to 40 cm (8 to 16 in.) away
from the screen, until   appears at the top of the screen.
Close your st to take a screenshot.
System Navigation Gestures
Go to  Settings > System & updates > System navigation and ensure that Gestures is
selected.
Back
Swipe inward from the left or right edge to return to the
previous screen.
Back to the home screen
Swipe up from the bottom to go to the home screen.
1

--- Page 6 ---
View recent tasks
Swipe up from the bottom of the screen and hold to view
recent tasks.
Close an app
On the recent tasks screen, swipe up on an app preview to
close the app.
Knuckle Gestures
Go to 
Settings > Accessibility features > Shortcuts & gestures to enable Take
screenshot and Record screen.
Take a screenshot
Knock twice on the screen with a knuckle to take a screenshot.
Take a scrollshot
Knock on the screen with a knuckle and draw an "S" to take a
scrolling screenshot.
Capture part of the screen
Knock and draw an enclosed area with a knuckle to capture
part of the screen.
Record screen
Knock twice on the screen with two knuckles to start or end a
screen recording.
Essentials
2

--- Page 7 ---
More Gestures
Access Home screen editing mode
Pinch two ngers together on the home screen.
Display the shortcut panel on the lock screen
Swipe up from the bottom of the lock screen.
Display the search bar
Swipe down on the home screen.
Open the notication panel
Swipe down from the status bar.
Button Shortcuts
Power o and restart
Press and hold the Power button until the Power o and
Restart options appear.
Increase the volume
Press the Volume up button.
Essentials
3

--- Page 8 ---
Decrease the volume
Press the Volume down button.
Take a screenshot
Press the Volume down and Power buttons simultaneously.
Ultra snapshot
Double-press the Volume down button when the screen is o
or locked to take a photo.
System Navigation
Change the Navigation Mode
Go to 
Settings > System & updates > System navigation to select a navigation mode
according to your preferences.
Navigate with Gestures
Go to  Settings > System & updates > System navigation and enable or disable
Gestures.
After enabling Gestures, you can:
• Go back to the previous screen: Swipe inward from the left or right edge.
• Return to the home screen: Swipe up from the bottom of the screen.
• Access the recent tasks screen: Swipe up from the bottom of the screen and hold.
• Close an app from the recent tasks screen: Swipe up on an app preview.
• Switch apps: Swipe in a curve along the bottom edge of the screen, or when Swipe across
bottom to switch apps is enabled, swipe horizontally across the bottom edge.
Three-Key Navigation
Go to 
Settings > System & updates > System navigation, and select Three-key
navigation.
Essentials
4

--- Page 9 ---
Touch Settings to select the navigation key combination you prefer.
The icons on the navigation bar are as follows:
• : Back key to return to the previous screen, exit an app, or close the onscreen keyboard.
• : Home key to return to the home screen.
•
: Recents key to display the recent tasks screen.
• : Notication key to open the notication panel.
Customise the Navigation Key Combination
Go to Three-key navigation > Settings. You can:
• Select a navigation key combination.
• Enable Hide navigation keys to allow you to hide the navigation bar when not in use.
Navigation Dock
Go to 
Settings > System & updates > System navigation > More, and enable
Navigation Dock.
After the Navigation dock button appears, you can:
• Drag the button to your desired position.
• Touch the button to go back.
• Double-touch the button to go back two steps.
• Touch and hold the button, then release it to go back to the home screen.
• Touch and hold the button, then swipe left or right to view recent tasks.
Phone Clone
Phone Clone
Phone Clone lets you quickly and seamlessly move all the basic data (including contacts,
calendar, images, and videos) from your old device to your new device.
 
Essentials
5

--- Page 10 ---
Clone Data from an Android Device
1 On your new device, open 
Phone Clone . Alternatively, go to  Settings > System &
updates > Phone Clone, touch This is the new phone, then touch Huawei or Other
Android.
2 Follow the onscreen instructions to download and install Phone Clone on your old device.
3 On your old device, open 
Phone Clone and touch This is the old phone. Follow the
onscreen instructions to connect your old device with your new device by scanning a code
or connecting manually.
4 On your old device, select the data you want to clone, then touch Transfer to start
cloning.
Phone Clone is only available on devices running Android 4.4 or later.
Clone Data from an iPhone or iPad
1 On your new device, open  Phone Clone. Alternatively, go to  Settings > System &
updates > Phone Clone, touch This is the new phone, then touch iPhone/iPad.
2 Follow the onscreen instructions to download and install Phone Clone on your old device.
Essentials
6

--- Page 11 ---
3 On your old device, open  Phone Clone and touch This is the old phone. Follow the
onscreen instructions to connect your old device with your new device by scanning a code
or connecting manually.
4 On your old device, select the data you want to clone, then follow the onscreen
instructions to complete the data cloning.
Phone Clone is only available on devices running iOS 8.0 or later.
Lock and Unlock Your Screen
Lock and Unlock Your Screen
Lock the Screen
If your device remains inactive for a period of time, it will automatically lock the screen and
enter sleep mode to save power.
Alternative, you can manually lock the screen in either of the following ways:
• Press the Power button.
• On the home screen, pinch two 
ngers together to enter screen editing mode. Touch
Widgets, then drag the Screen Lock icon to the home screen. You can now touch the
Screen Lock icon to lock the screen.
Set the Screen Timeout Period
Go to 
Settings > Display & brightness > Sleep and select a screen timeout period.
Keep the Screen On While Looking
You can set the screen to stay on while you are looking at it, such as when you are reading.
Go to  Settings > Biometrics & password > Face Recognition, follow the onscreen
instructions to access the Face recognition settings screen, and make sure Keep screen on
while looking is enabled.
Wake Screen
You can turn on the screen in either of the following ways:
• Press the Power button.
• Go to  Settings > Accessibility features > Shortcuts & gestures > Wake screen and
enable Raise to wake or Double-tap to wake.
• When Raise to wake is enabled, you can pick up your device to turn on the screen.
• When Double-tap to wake is enabled, you can touch the screen twice to turn it on.
Essentials
7

--- Page 12 ---
Unlock the Screen with Password
Once the screen is turned on, swipe up from the middle of the screen to display the password
input panel. Then, enter your lock screen password.
Use Face Unlock
Turn on the screen and align it with your face. Your device will unlock once your face is
recognised.
Use Fingerprint Unlock
Once the screen is turned on, the ngerprint icon will display on the screen. Touch the icon
with an enroled nger to unlock the screen.
Change the Lock Screen Display
When using an ocial theme, you can set to display your step count and signature on the
lock screen.
Display Your Signature on the Lock Screen
Go to  Settings > Home screen & wallpaper, touch Lock screen signature, then type
text to display on the lock screen.
To remove the signature, touch Lock screen signature and delete the text.
Access Apps from the Lock Screen
You can access commonly used apps such as Camera, Recorder, and Calculator from the lock
screen.
• Turn on the screen, touch and hold  , then swipe up to open Camera.
• Turn on the screen, then swipe up from the bottom of the lock screen to open the shortcut
panel. Shortcuts for Recorder, Torch, Calculator, and Timer will be available.
Get Familiar with the Home Screen
Get Familiar with the Home Screen
From the home screen, you can:
• Check the status of your device and notications from the status bar at the top of the
screen.
• Swipe left or right to view apps and widgets displayed on the home screen.
 
Essentials
8

--- Page 13 ---
Notication and Status Icons
Notication and Status Icons
Network status icons may vary according to your region or network service provider.
Supported functions vary according to the device model. Some of the following icons may
not be applicable to your device.
5G network connected 4G network connected
3G network connected 2G network connected
Full signal strength Roaming
Essentials
9

--- Page 14 ---
Data saver enabled SIM card not found
Hotspot enabled Hotspot connected
Calling VoLTE enabled
Wi-Fi network connected SkyTone in use
Hotspot disconnected
Network being switched by Wi-Fi
+
Airplane mode enabled Alarms set
Battery empty Battery low
Charging Quick charging
Super charging Power saving mode enabled
Bluetooth enabled Bluetooth device battery
Bluetooth device connected VPN connected
Driving mode Projection device connected
Location service enabled Eye comfort mode enabled
Headset connected
Headset with a microphone
connected
Missed call Unread SMS
Microphone disabled Muted
More notications Vibrate only
NFC enabled Do Not Disturb mode enabled
Data syncing Data sync failed
Performance mode enabled New emails
Event reminders Digital balance enabled
Essentials
10

--- Page 15 ---
Shortcut Switches
Shortcut Switches
Turn on a Shortcut Switch
Swipe down from the status bar to open the 
notication panel, then swipe down on it again
to show all shortcuts.
 
• Touch a shortcut switch to enable or disable the corresponding feature.
• Touch and hold a shortcut switch to enter the settings screen for that feature.
• Touch   to open Settings.
Essentials
11

--- Page 16 ---
Customise Shortcut Switches
Touch 
, touch and hold an icon, then drag it to the desired position.
Home Screen Widgets
Home Screen Widgets
You can add, move, or delete home screen widgets, such as Screen lock, Weather, Notepad,
Clock, Contacts, and Calendar, according to your personal requirements.
Add a Widget to the Home Screen
 
1 Pinch two ngers on the home screen to access Home screen settings mode.
2 Touch Widgets, then swipe left to view all widgets.
3 Some widgets, like Weather, come in various formats. Touch the widget to view all
formats, then swipe right to return.
4 Touch a widget to add it to the home screen. If there is no room on the current screen
page, touch and hold it, then drag it to a 
dierent screen page.
Essentials
12

--- Page 17 ---
Move or Delete a Widget
Touch and hold a widget on your home screen until your device vibrates, then drag it to the
desired position or touch Remove.
Set Your Wallpaper
Set Your Wallpaper
Use a Preset Wallpaper
1 Go to 
Settings > Home screen & wallpaper > Wallpaper.
2 Touch an image you want to set as the wallpaper.
3 Set the following according to your preferences:
• Blur: applies a blur eect, which can be adjusted by dragging the slider.
• Scrollable: enables the wallpaper to be scrollable on the home screen.
4 Touch  , then determine whether you'd like to set the image as Lock screen, Home
screen, or both.
Set an Image from Gallery as Your Wallpaper
1 Open  Gallery, and open the image you want to set as your wallpaper.
2 Go to   > Set as > Wallpaper, then follow the onscreen instructions to complete the
setting.
Screenshots&Screen Recording
Take a Screenshot
Use the Grab Gesture to Take a Screenshot
 
Essentials
13

--- Page 18 ---
1 Go to  Settings > Accessibility features > Shortcuts & gestures > Air gestures, and
ensure that Grabshot is enabled.
2 Place your hand 20 to 40 cm (8 to 16 in.) away from the screen, and wait for the   icon
to appear. Then close your st to take a screenshot.
Use Your Knuckle to Take a Screenshot
1 Go to  Settings > Accessibility features > Shortcuts & gestures > Take screenshot,
and ensure that Knuckle screenshots is enabled.
2 Knock the screen twice in quick succession with one knuckle to take a screenshot.
Use a Key Combination to Take a Screenshot
Press and hold the Power and Volume down buttons simultaneously to take a screenshot.
Use a Shortcut to Take a Screenshot
Swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel, then swipe down on it again
to show all shortcuts. Touch   to take a screenshot.
Share and Edit a Screenshot, or Switch to Scrollshot
 
Essentials
14

--- Page 19 ---
After you take a screenshot, a thumbnail will display in the lower left corner of the screen.
Then you can:
• Swipe down on the thumbnail to take a scrolling screenshot.
• Swipe up on the thumbnail to select a sharing mode and share the screenshot with your
friends.
• Touch the thumbnail to edit or delete it.
Screenshots are saved to Gallery by default.
Use Your Knuckle to Take a Scrolling Screenshot
 
Essentials
15

--- Page 20 ---
1 Knock the screen with a knuckle and hold to draw an "S". The screen will automatically
scroll down to the bottom for you to capture the entire page.
2 You can touch the screen at any point to stop the screenshot.
Take a Partial Screenshot
 
Essentials
16

--- Page 21 ---
1 Knock the screen with a knuckle and hold to draw an outline around the part of the
screen that you want to capture. Make sure that your knuckle does not leave the screen.
2 The screen will display the movement trajectory of your knuckle and take a screenshot of
the selected area. You can then:
• Drag the frame to the desired position or resize it.
• Touch a shape icon to determine the shape of the partial screenshot.
3 Touch   to save the screenshot.
Precautions for Using Knuckle Screenshots
• Please double knock the screen consecutively at the same place and at an appropriate
speed.
• Keep your knuckle vertical to the screen.
• If you want to take more than one screenshot, wait 2 seconds before knocking on the
screen again.
• If there is a screen protector on the screen, knock the screen harder or remove the screen
protector and try again.
Essentials
17

--- Page 22 ---
Record the Screen
Record your screen activities in sharable videos to compose a tutorial, show o your
awesome gaming skills, and a lot more.
 
Use a Key Combination to Start Screen Recording
Press and hold the Power and Volume up buttons simultaneously to start screen recording. To
stop recording, press and hold both buttons again.
Use a Shortcut to Start Screen Recording
1 Swipe down from the status bar to open the 
notication panel, then swipe down on it
again to show all shortcuts.
2 Touch Screen Recorder to start screen recording.
3 To stop the recording, touch the timer at the top of the screen.
4 The recording will be saved to Gallery.
Use Two Knuckles to Start Screen Recording
1 Go to 
Settings > Accessibility features > Shortcuts & gestures > Record screen, and
ensure that Record screen is enabled.
Essentials
18

--- Page 23 ---
2 Knock the screen twice in quick succession with two knuckles to start screen recording. To
stop recording, knock twice again.
Record Your Voice During Screen Recording
You can enable the microphone to record your voice while recording the screen.
After starting a screen recording, touch the microphone icon and ensure that it is displayed as
. You can now record your voice.
If the microphone is disabled (if it is displayed as  ), you will only be able to record
system sounds, such as music. If you don't want any system sounds in your screen
recording, mute your device and turn o any music or other media sounds before starting
the screen recording.
View and Clear Notications
View and Clear Notications
View Notications
When there is a notication reminder, you can turn on the screen and swipe down from the
status bar to open the notication panel and view the notication.
 
Essentials
19

--- Page 24 ---
Clear Notications
• Swipe right on a notication reminder to clear the notication.
• Touch   at the bottom of the notication panel to clear all notications.
Block, Silence, or Delay Notications
Swipe left on a notication, then touch   to block, silence, or delay notications from that
source.
Some system notications can't be blocked, cleared, or delayed.
Adjust Sound Settings
Adjust Sound Settings
Press a Volume Button to Adjust the Volume
Press the Volume up or down button to adjust the volume.
 
Essentials
20

--- Page 25 ---
Press the Power Button to Mute Your Device When It Rings
When your device rings for an incoming call or alarm, you can press the Power button to
mute it.
Flip to Mute or Raise to Reduce Ringing Volume
When you receive an incoming call, you can ip your device to mute it, or raise it to reduce
the ringing volume.
Go to 
Settings > Accessibility features > Shortcuts & gestures > Mute ringtone/
Reduce volume, then enable Flip to mute ringtone and Raise to lower volume.
Set the Default Volume
Go to  Settings > Sounds & vibration, then you can set the volume for the following
items:
• Media (video, games, music, and more)
• Ringtones
• Alarms
• Calls
Essentials
21

--- Page 26 ---
Use a Shortcut to Switch Between Ring, Vibrating, or Mute Mode
1 Swipe down from the status bar to open the 
notication panel, then swipe down on it
again to show all shortcuts.
2 Touch the 
Sound,  Silent, or  Vibration icon to switch between dierent
modes.
Enter Text
Edit Text
You can select text displayed on your screen, copy or cut it to the clipboard, then paste it
somewhere else. You can also share it in multiple ways.
1 Touch and hold the text until 
 appears.
In some apps, what happens after you touch and hold the text may dier. For example, if
you touch and hold a sent or received message, an option menu will be displayed, and
 will appear only after you touch Select text.
2 Drag 
 and   to select the text you need, or touch Select all to select all text.
3 Touch Copy or Cut as needed.
4 Touch and hold the space where you want to paste the text until Paste appears, then
touch Paste.
Split-screen Mode and Floating Window
Multi-Window
Multi-Window allows you to open apps in split screens or in a 
oating window for
multitasking.
 
Essentials
22

--- Page 27 ---
Enable Split-screen Mode from the Multi-Window Dock
• Enable Split-screen mode:
1 Open an app and swipe inward from the left or right edge and hold to bring up the
Multi-Window dock.
 
Essentials
23

--- Page 28 ---
2 Drag an app icon out of the Multi-Window dock.
• Switch the split-screen panes: Touch and hold   or   at the top of a split-screen pane
until the pane shrinks. Then drag the pane to the other side of the screen to switch them.
• Exit Split-screen mode: Drag   or   in the middle of the split screen line horizontally
or vertically until either pane disappears.
• Support for Split-screen mode varies by app.
• The screen of a single app can't be split into two.
• Split-screen mode applies only to two apps at any given time.
Display the Floating Window from the Multi-Window Dock
While playing a game, you can also chat with your friend in a oating window, without
having to exit the game.
• Display the oating window:
1 Swipe inward from the left or right edge and hold to bring up the Multi-Window dock.
 
Essentials
24

--- Page 29 ---
2 Touch an app icon in the Multi-Window dock to open the app in a oating window.
• Relocate the oating window: Drag the oating window to the desired location.
• Display in full screen: Touch   on the oating window to display the content in the
window in full screen.
• Close the oating window: Touch   on the oating window to close it.
The size of the oating window cannot be adjusted.
Switch Between Split-screen and Floating Window
• Switch from Split-screen mode to oating window: Touch and hold a split-screen pane, then
drag it to the left or right when in Portrait mode, or drag it downwards in Landscape mode.
• Switch from oating window to Split-screen mode: Touch and hold the bar at the top of the
oating window, then drag it to the upper/lower part of the screen when in Portrait mode,
or to the left or right when in Landscape mode.
Drag and Drop Between Apps with Multi-Window
Use the Multi-Window feature to easily drag and drop images, text, and documents between
apps.
• Drag and drop an image: When taking notes with Notepad, open Files, select the photo
you want to add, and drag it into the Notepad editor.
• Drag and drop text: When sending a message with WeChat, open Notepad, touch and hold
the text you want to send, and drag it to the text input box in WeChat.
Essentials
25

--- Page 30 ---
• Drag and drop a document: When writing an email, open Files, select the document you
want to attach, and drag it into the email editor.
Not all apps fully support drag-and-drop with Multi-Window.
Add, Move, or Remove an App from the Multi-Window Dock
• Add an app: In the Multi-Window dock, touch  , touch the app you want to add from
Suggested or More apps, then touch Done.
• Move an app: In the Multi-Window dock, touch 
, drag the desired app to any location
in the dock, then touch Done.
• Remove an app: In the Multi-Window dock, touch  , touch   in the upper right corner
of the icon of the app you want to remove, then touch Done.
Disable Multi-Window
Multi-Window is enabled by default. To disable it, go to  Settings > Accessibility features
> Multi-Window, then disable Multi-Window dock.
Show Date and Time When the Screen Is O
Always On Display
With Always On Display enabled, the lock screen will show the date, time, and more when
the screen is 
o.
Enable Always on Display
1 Go to  Settings > Home screen & wallpaper > Always On Display > Always On
Display, and enable Always On Display.
2 Set the Start and End according to your preferences.
Set Clock Style for Always on Display
You can customise the clock style for Always On Display according to your preferences.
 
Essentials
26

--- Page 31 ---
1 On the Always On Display screen, touch Clock style, and swipe across to view the
available clock styles.
2 Select a preferred clock style, and touch  .
Power On and 
O or Restart Your Device
Power On and 
O or Restart Your Device
Power Your Device On and O
To power o your device, press and hold the Power button for a few seconds, touch Power
o and Touch to power o.
To power on your device, press and hold the Power button for a few seconds until your device
vibrates and displays the logo.
Restart Your Device
Restart your device on a regular basis to clear the cache and keep the device in an optimal
state. A restart can sometimes resolve the issue when your device encounters a problem.
Just press and hold the Power button for a few seconds, then touch Restart and Touch to
restart.
Essentials
27

--- Page 32 ---
Force Restart Your Device
If your device isn't working or won't turn o normally, you can force restart it.
Just press and hold the Power button for 10 seconds or longer.
Charging
Charge Your Device
Your device will alert you when it is running out of power. Please make sure to charge your
device in time to prevent it from turning 
o automatically when the power runs out.
Precautions for Charging
• Charge your device using the standard adapter and USB cable that came with your device.
Using other chargers or USB cables may cause repeated restarts, slow charging,
overheating, or other undesirable eects.
• Your device will automatically run a safety check when a charger or other device is
connected to the USB port. If moisture is detected in the USB port, your device will
automatically activate safety measures and stop charging. Disconnect your device from the
USB port and wait until the USB port is dry.
• The time required to fully charge the battery depends on the ambient temperature and age
of the battery.
• Batteries have a limited number of charge cycles. When the battery life becomes noticeably
shorter, go to an authorised Huawei Customer Service Centre to replace the battery.
• Do not cover your device or charger during charging.
• Your device may heat up when you have been using it for an extended period of time,
especially in high temperatures. In this case, stop charging, disable some features, and
move your device to a cool place.
• Please do not use your device while it is charging.
• If your device does not respond after you press and hold the Power button, the battery may
have run out. Charge for 10 minutes and then power it on.
Using the Charger that Came with Your Device
1 Use the USB cable that came with your device to connect your device and the adapter.
2 Plug the adapter into a power socket.
Charging Your Device With a PC
1 Connect your device to a PC or other device using a USB cable.
2 When the Use USB to dialog box is displayed on your device, touch Charge only.
If another option has been set previously, the dialog box will not pop up. Swipe down
from the status bar to open the notication panel, touch Settings, then select Charge
only.
Essentials
28

--- Page 33 ---
Overview of Battery Icons
You can check the battery level from the battery icon on the device screen.
Battery Icon Battery Level
Less than 4% battery remaining
Charging, less than 10% battery remaining
Charging, 10% to 90% battery remaining
Charging, at least 90% battery remaining
If 100% is displayed next to the battery icon, or a charging complete
message is displayed on the lock screen, the battery is fully charged.
Reverse Charging with an OTG Cable
On-The-Go (OTG) is a USB transmitting technology that allows a device to directly access
les on a USB ash drive or digital camera, or connect to an external device such as a
keyboard or mouse, with the help of an OTG cable.
You can use your device to charge other devices using an OTG cable.
1 Connect your device with the device to be charged using an OTG cable.
2 When the Use USB to dialog box is displayed on your device, touch Reverse charge.
If another option has been set previously, the dialog box will not pop up. Swipe down
from the status bar to open the 
notication panel, touch Settings, and then select
Reverse charge.
3 Follow the onscreen instructions on the device to be charged to start charging.
Essentials
29

--- Page 34 ---
Smart Features
HiVoice
HiVoice
You can use HiVoice to interact with Huawei devices (such as smartphones, tablets) hands-
free.
Countries and Regions Where HiVoice Can Be Used
Currently, you can communicate with HiVoice in English, French, and Spanish in the UK,
France, Spain, Chile, Mexico, and Colombia.
To set your country and region, and the system language you want to use, go to 
Settings
> System & updates > Language & input > Language and region. HiVoice can only be
woken up if you select one of the above countries.
You can select a language for communicating with HiVoice from the settings menu by
touching   in full screen in HiVoice. Currently, only English, French, and Spanish are
supported.
Wake Up or Disable HiVoice
There are multiple ways to wake up HiVoice, depending on the device model you use. For
example:
Press and hold the Power button for 1 second to wake up HiVoice
Before using this method, go to 
Settings > Accessibility features > HiVoice > Wake
with Power button, and enable Wake with Power button.
To wake up HiVoice, press and hold the Power button for 1 second.
If you press and hold the Power button for 3 seconds, your device will power o.
Disable Wake with Power button if you do not need this method.
Say the wakeup word to wake up HiVoice
You need to record your wakeup word before using this method.
Go to  Settings > Accessibility features > HiVoice > Voice wakeup, then enable Voice
wakeup. Follow the onscreen instructions to enrol your wakeup voice command.
To wake up HiVoice, say the wakeup word loudly.
Disable Voice wakeup if you do not need this method.
30

--- Page 35 ---
You cannot wake up HiVoice when your device is in a call.
You cannot wake up HiVoice with the wakeup word when your device is making an audio
or screen recording. However, you can still use the Power button to wake up HiVoice.
When Can I Interact With HiVoice?
HiVoice can be in an idle, listening, or thinking state. It only takes commands when it is
listening.
• Idle: HiVoice does not take voice commands in this state.
• Listening: HiVoice can communicate with you in this state.
• Thinking: HiVoice is carrying out your commands and doesn't take new commands in this
state.
Check HiVoice Skills
After waking up HiVoice, swipe up on the screen to enter full-screen mode. Touch 
 to
view HiVoice skills.
Make Calls and Send SMS Messages
You can use voice commands to make calls and send SMS messages hands-free.
Make Calls with Voice Commands
To make calls with voice commands, wake up HiVoice and give a command. For example:
• "Call Mom"
• "Call the police"
• "Call Dad"
Send SMS Messages with Voice Commands
To send SMS messages with voice commands, wake up HiVoice and give a command. For
example:
• "I want to send a message"
• "Send a message"
• "Send Dad a message saying the party is tomorrow"
Translate with HiVoice
Use HiVoice to translate your speech or text inputs to easily overcome language barriers.
1 Wake up HiVoice and say "Voice translation".
2 This will bring up the voice translation screen where you can say or enter the content you
want to translate.
3 HiVoice will display the translation results in real time and read them out for you.
Smart Features
31

--- Page 36 ---
Face-to-Face Translation
You can use HiVoice as your personal interpreter when travelling abroad or attending
international conferences.
1 Wake up HiVoice and say "Open face to face translation" to bring up the Face-to-face
translation screen.
2 There will be two buttons on the screen, one for you and one for the other party. Both of
you can touch and hold the button on your respective side and speak, then release the
button.
3 HiVoice will display the translation results in real time and read them out for you.
Query Weather with Voice Commands
To check the weather, simply wake up HiVoice and say:
• "What's the weather like today?"
• "What's the weather forecast for tomorrow?"
• "What's the temperature today?"
• "Will it be windy today?"
• "Is it going to rain tomorrow?"
Set Alarms with Voice Commands
To set, turn 
o, or check an alarm, simply wake up HiVoice and give a command. For
example:
Set an alarm
• "Wake me up at 8 AM tomorrow"
• "Set an alarm for 10 PM tonight"
• "Set a weekday alarm for 7 AM"
Turn 
o an alarm
• "Cancel my 7 AM alarm for tomorrow"
Check an alarm
• "Show my alarms"
Set Calendar Events with Voice Commands
To create or check Calendar events, wake up HiVoice and give a command. For example:
Add an event
• "Schedule a meeting for 9 tomorrow morning"
• "Set a meeting for 2 o'clock tomorrow afternoon"
Check an event
• "What's my schedule for tomorrow morning?"
• "Do I have any appointments on Monday?"
Smart Features
32

--- Page 37 ---
• "Do I have anything scheduled tomorrow at 9 AM?"
Set Reminders with Voice Commands
To create or check your reminders, wake up HiVoice and give a command. For example:
Create a reminder
• "Remind me I'm meeting John for 
coee tomorrow at 3"
• "Remind me to pick up my package at 8 this evening"
Check a reminder
• "Do I have any reminders today?"
• "Show me all my reminders"
Open Camera, Tools, or Apps with Voice Commands
HiVoice allows you to quickly access Camera, tools or other apps on your device with voice
commands.
Access Camera with Voice Commands
To access your Camera, wake up HiVoice and give a command. For example:
• "I want to take a photo"
• "Take a photo"
Access Apps and Tools with Voice Commands
To access Torch, Calculator, or other tools with voice commands, wake up HiVoice and give a
command. For example:
Use Torch
• "Turn on the torch"
• "Turn 
o the torch"
Use Calculator
• "Calculator"
• "Open the calculator"
Currently, only built-in apps and tools can be opened with HiVoice.
Change System Settings with Voice Commands
To set up the system voice commands, wake up HiVoice and give a command. For example:
• Wireless network: "Turn on Wi-Fi", or "Turn 
o Wi-Fi"
• Mobile network: "Turn on mobile network", or "Disable 4G"
• Airplane mode: "Turn on Airplane mode", or "Turn 
o Airplane mode"
• Bluetooth: "Turn on Bluetooth", or "Turn 
o Bluetooth"
• Brightness adjustment: "Increase the brightness", "Lower the brightness", "Enable auto-
brightness", or "Disable auto-brightness"
Smart Features
33

--- Page 38 ---
• Comfort mode: "Turn on Eye comfort mode", or "Turn o Eye comfort mode"
• Volume adjustment: "Turn the volume up", "Turn the volume down", or "Turn the volume
up to max"
• Power saving: "Enable Power Saving mode", or "Disable Power Saving mode"
• Do Not Disturb: "Enable Do Not Disturb", or "Disable Do Not Disturb"
Search with HiVoice
If you want to use the browser to search for something, wake up HiVoice and give a voice
command, such as:
• Search for new Huawei products
• Use Google search for polar bear
• Search for 
nance websites on Google
AI Lens
Access AI Lens
There are multiple ways to access AI Lens.
From Camera
Open the camera and select Photo mode. Touch   to access AI Lens.
 
Smart Features
34

--- Page 39 ---
From the Search Bar
While the device is unlocked, swipe down on the screen to display the search bar. Then, touch
 to access AI Lens.
 
Smart Features
35

--- Page 40 ---
From the Lock Screen
When the device is locked, swipe up from the bottom of the screen. Touch 
, then unlock
the device to access AI Lens.
 
Smart Features
36

--- Page 41 ---
Scan Codes
AI Lens can read QR codes and instantly direct you to the relevant app.
1 Open the camera, touch  , then touch  .
2 Position the QR code within the frame and wait for it to be recognised.
Scan to Translate
AI Lens has an Instant translation feature that can help you quickly translate text, such as
road signs, menus, or even descriptions on a medicine or cosmetic bottle.
1 Open the camera, touch 
, then touch  .
2 Select the source and target languages from the language list.
3 Align the text you want to translate, and wait for it to be translated.
Scan to Shop
AI Lens has a Shopping feature that lets you scan products when you are out shopping or
reading a fashion magazine and gives you purchase recommendations for similar items
online.
1 Open the camera, touch  , then touch  .
Smart Features
37

--- Page 42 ---
2 Position the target object within the viewnder. You will receive purchase
recommendations once the object has been recognised. You can also touch 
 to take a
photo, which will be recognised automatically.
HiTouch
Convenient Shopping
When you see an item on your device that you would like to buy, you can use HiTouch to
quickly search for the item and compare prices across multiple shopping platforms before
making the purchase.
Touch and Hold with Two Fingers for Convenient Shopping
 
1 Go to  Settings > Accessibility features > HiTouch and enable HiTouch.
2 When you see an item on your device that you would like to buy, touch and hold the
screen with two ngers spread slightly apart.
3 Adjust the position and size of the identication box.
4 After the object is identied, links to the item on dierent shopping platforms will then be
displayed.
Smart Features
38

--- Page 43 ---
5 Touch the links to view product details and make a purchase.
Easy Projection
Wireless Projection
You can connect your device to an external display (for example, a TV) wirelessly.
 
1 Based on the model and functions of your external display, do the following:
• If the external display supports Miracast, enable wireless projection on it.
• If not, use a wireless HDMI adapter to connect your device and external display. Ensure
that the wireless HDMI adapter is connected to a power supply.
To check whether your external display supports Miracast and how to enable wireless
projection on it, consult the user guide or customer service of the external display
manufacturer.
2 Swipe down from the status bar to open the 
notication panel, then touch   to turn on
Wi-Fi.
3 Swipe down further on the 
notication panel to enable Wireless Projection. Your device
will now search for the external display or the wireless HDMI adapter.
Smart Features
39

--- Page 44 ---
Alternatively, go to  Settings > More connections > Easy Projection and enable
Wireless Projection.
4 Touch the name of the external display or the wireless HDMI adapter on the search result
list to start projecting.
Wired Projection
You can connect your device to an external display (for example, a TV) using a wired
connection.
It is recommended that you purchase the accessories recommended or specied by Huawei
from authorised sources.
Projection Using a Type-C Cable
1 Prepare a Type-C cable.
Use a Type-C to HDMI, Type-C to DP, or Type-C to MiniDP cable depending on your
external display.
 
2 Connect the Type-C end to your device and the other end to the external display.
 
Smart Features
40

--- Page 45 ---
3 On the external display, set the corresponding HDMI, DP, or MiniDP input as the signal
source.
Projection Using a Docking Station
If you need to connect your device to an external display and use a wired mouse and
keyboard, use a docking station with a USB port.
1 Prepare a docking station.
Multiple types of ports are available on a docking station. If your external display supports
HDMI and you need to use a wired mouse and keyboard, use a docking station with at
least one HDMI port and two USB ports.
 
2 Connect your device and the external display through the docking station, then connect
the wired mouse and keyboard to the docking station.
 
Smart Features
41

--- Page 46 ---
3 On the external display, set the corresponding HDMI, DP, or MiniDP input as the signal
source.
Desktop Mode
For enhanced work eciency, project your device's content onto an external display, swipe
down from the status bar to open the notication panel, then enable DESKTOP MODE.
In DESKTOP MODE, the display of your device will be arranged in a desktop layout, and
operations on your device won't aect what's on the external display. For example, you can
edit a document on the external display while chatting on your device. You don't need to
worry about missing notications, calls, or messages, as a red dot will appear on the
notication panel on the external display to keep you informed.
Use Your Device as a Touchpad
Swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel, then touch TOUCHPAD. You
can now do the following:
• Use gestures as instructed to simulate mouse commands.
 
• When no external keyboard is connected, click the text input box on the external display to
bring out the onscreen keyboard to input text.
Smart Features
42

--- Page 47 ---
If an external keyboard is connected, the onscreen keyboard will not be available. In this
case, you need to use the external keyboard to input text.
Project Your Device to an External Display to Facilitate Your Work
In DESKTOP MODE, you can use the following features:
• Multiple windows: Open more than one window at a time to multitask.
• File management: Save les to the desktop, create les or folders, and rename or delete
les.
• Quick search: Search for documents, multimedia les, and apps using the start menu search
box.
• Create app shortcuts: From the start menu, touch and hold an app and then drag it to the
desktop to create a shortcut. You can also right-click an app icon and select the option to
create an app shortcut on the desktop.
• Audio output: Touch the audio output icon on the status bar, then select the external
display or your Device as the audio output device.
• App projection: Touch and hold an app icon on your device to view the projection options.
You can now project and open the app on the external display.
• Highlighter: Use the highlighter feature to mark projected content using the touchpad.
Exit Desktop Mode
Swipe down from the status bar to open the 
notication panel, then touch PHONE MODE.
Multi-screen Collaboration
Connect Your Device to a Computer
When you connect your device to a Huawei/Honor laptop, the device screen will be displayed
in a window on the laptop screen, allowing you to easily operate your device while on your
laptop.
Connect Your Device and Computer with a Tap
1 Make sure that your computer is marked with a Huawei Share icon 
 or Magic-link icon
.
2 On your computer, enable Wi-Fi. Open PC Manager and agree to the End User Licence
Agreement (EULA).
• To connect with a tap, PC Manager must be version 9.0 or later. To establish a
connection for Multiscreen, PC Manager must be version 10.0 or later.
• To check the version of PC Manager, go to   > About. To update it, go to   >
Check for updates.
Smart Features
43

--- Page 48 ---
3 Swipe down from the status bar on your device to open the notication panel, swipe
down further to display all shortcut switches, and enable NFC, Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth.
4 Tap the NFC area at the back of your device against the Huawei Share icon or Magic-link
icon on your computer and hold it there until your device vibrates or plays a notication
sound.
5 Follow the onscreen instructions on your device and computer to complete the
connection.
Connect Your Device and Computer via Bluetooth
1 On your device, swipe down from the status bar to open the 
notication panel, and touch
 to enable Bluetooth.
2 On the computer, open PC Manager (version 10.0 or later), select My Phone, and go to
Connect > Search. Your computer will start searching for your device. Make sure that your
device is placed near your computer.
To check the version of PC Manager, go to   > About. To update it, go to   >
Check for updates.
3 Follow the onscreen instructions on your device and computer to complete the
connection.
Connect Your Device and Computer by Scanning a QR Code
1 On your computer, open PC Manager (version 10.0 or later), select My Phone, and go to
Connect > Scan.
To check the version of PC Manager, go to   > About. To update it, go to   >
Check for updates.
2 Ensure that your device is connected to the Internet, and use it to scan the QR code on
your computer screen.
3 Follow the onscreen instructions on your device and computer to complete the
connection.
Connect Your Device to Computer with a Cable for Multi-Screen Collaboration
Use a USB cable to connect your device to a computer, and the device screen will be
displayed in a window on the computer screen.
1 Use a USB cable to connect your device to a computer.
2 On your device, touch CONNECT in the Use USB to dialog box.
3 On the computer, open PC Manager (version 10.1 or later).
To check the version of PC Manager, go to   > About. To update it, go to   >
Check for updates.
4 Accept the connection on your device.
If you have cancelled the connection on your device and want to re-establish the
connection, go to Connect > Wired connection in PC Manager.
Smart Features
44

--- Page 49 ---
Disconnect Your Device from Computer
You can disconnect your device from computer using any of the following methods:
• On your computer, open PC Manager, and go to My Phone > Disconnect.
• On your device, swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel and touch
DISCONNECT.
• If connected via USB cable, remove the cable to disconnect your device from the computer.
Transfer Files Between Your Device and Computer
After connecting your device to a Huawei/Honor computer, you can transfer les between
them to make your work life more convenient and ecient.
Drag to Transfer Files Between Your Phone and Computer
After your phone is connected with your computer, you can drag les (such as pictures,
videos, audio les, texts, oce documents, and compressed packages) using a mouse to
transfer them between your phone and computer.
• Transfer les from your phone to your computer:
Open  Gallery in the phone window on your computer, click and hold a picture or video,
select one or more les, click and hold the selected les again, wait for an icon for dragging
les to display, then drag them to a folder on your computer.
Open  Files in the phone window on your computer, then drag les to a folder on your
computer in the way described above.
You can also drag pictures or text to documents that are open on your computer. For
example, drag a photo or text from Notepad in the phone window across to an Oce
document open on your computer, then continue editing it on your computer.
• Transfer les from your computer to your phone:
Go to  Gallery > Albums in the phone window on your computer, select pictures or
videos in batches from a local folder on your computer, then drag them across to Albums.
Open 
Files in the phone window on your computer, select les in batches from a local
folder on your computer, then drag them across to Files. By default, les transferred from
your computer will be saved in the Huawei Share folder in Files. If a specic folder in Files
has been opened, the les will be saved in it.
You can also drag pictures or text to documents that are open on your phone. For example,
drag a picture on your computer to a Notepad item open on your phone, then continue
editing it on your phone.
Transfer Files Between Your Device and Computer with a Tap
You can quickly transfer les between your device and a computer with a single tap without
the hassle of using cables or third-party apps.
Smart Features
45

--- Page 50 ---
Currently, this feature is only supported by Huawei/Honor laptops marked with the Huawei
Share icon   or Magic-link icon   and installed with PC Manager.
Share Pictures and Videos with One Tap
 
• Share pictures and videos from your device to computer:
1 Select one or more pictures or videos in Gallery on your device.
2 Tap the NFC area on the back of your device against the Huawei Share or Magic-link
icon on the computer, and hold it there until your device vibrates or plays a 
notication
sound. The selected pictures or videos will be transferred to your computer.
If you want to identify, copy, or save text in the received picture on the computer, click the
picture to display the image viewer, then click 
 to identify text and generate a text le.
• Share pictures from your computer to device:
1 Right-click an individual picture 
le on your computer, and open it with Huawei Image
Viewer.
2 Exit Gallery or return to the home screen on your device, tap it against your computer
(as instructed above), and the picture opened on your computer will be transferred to
your device.
PC Manager must be version 9.0 or later.
Smart Features
46

--- Page 51 ---
Record Your Computer Screen with One Tap
Ever wanted to show o your gaming skills or share video clips from your computer, but
never found a convenient way to do so? With a shake and a tap, what is shown on your
computer will be projected and synced to your device for recording.
 
1 Shake your device, then immediately tap its NFC area against the Huawei Share icon or
Magic-link icon on the computer, and hold it there until your device vibrates or plays a
notication sound. The computer screen will then be projected to your device and the
recording will start. You can record for a maximum of 60 seconds.
2 Touch   on your device to stop the recording. The screen recording will be saved to
Gallery.
• This feature is currently supported on Intel-based laptops only.
• This feature works with PC Manager 9.1 or later.
Share Files with One Tap
 
Smart Features
47

--- Page 52 ---
• From your device to computer:
1 On your device, use Microsoft Oce to open the le you want to share.
2 Tap the NFC area on the back of your device against the Huawei Share or Magic-link
icon on the computer, and hold it there until your device vibrates or plays a notication
sound. The le opened on your device will be transferred to your computer.
• From your computer to device:
1 On your computer, use Microsoft Oce to open the le you want to share.
2 After exiting Microsoft Oce or returning to the home screen on your device, tap it
against your computer (as instructed above), and the le opened on your computer will
be transferred to your device.
This feature works with PC Manager 9.1 or later.
Access Device Apps and Files on Your Computer
Once your device is connected to your Huawei/Honor computer, you can access apps and
les from your device on your computer without the hassle of having to frequently switch
between the two devices.
Navigate the Device Window on Your Computer
Open/Exit an app and browse web pages in the window
Smart Features
48

--- Page 53 ---
• Open an app: Click an app in the window to open it.
• Browse pages: Scroll the mouse wheel to browse web pages and switch between screens of
your device displayed in the window.
• Exit an app: Press the ESC key on the computer keyboard to exit the app opened in the
window.
Use the keyboard to quickly process messages on your device
• Input text: Use the computer input method to enter text in the window, such as for sending
SMS messages and creating emails.
• Copy and paste text: Press Ctrl+C on the computer keyboard to copy text and press Ctrl+V
to paste it in the window.
• Quickly send messages: Press Ctrl+Enter to quickly send the message that you have edited
in the window, such as for sending Facebook and Twitter messages.
Always display the device window at the front
Click   at the top of the window to pin it at the front of the computer screen. Click it
again to unpin the window from the front.
Share Clipboard Content Between Your Device and Computer
1 Open PC Manager (version 9.1 or later) on the computer, go to My Phone > Enable, then
follow the onscreen instructions to allow the computer to access data on your device. If
Enabled is displayed on the screen, it means that this feature is already enabled by d
fault.
2 Text copied from your device can then be pasted to the computer, and vice versa.
Click the PC Manager icon in the lower right corner of the computer screen, and select
Clipboard to view the text that you have copied.
Answer Voice or Video Calls to Your Device Using a Computer
Once your device is connected to a computer for multi-screen collaboration, you can directly
answer voice and video calls using the computer without the hassle of switching between the
two devices.
After answering calls on apps, such as WhatsApp and Skype, in the device window on the
computer, the voice will be played from the computer or the audio output device (such as a
headset or speaker) connected to it.
Use Apps on a Computer to Open Files on Your Device
Once your device is connected to a computer for multi-screen collaboration, you can use the
apps on the computer to directly open and edit les on your device.
• Documents: You can use an oce app on your computer, such as Microsoft Oce.
• Pictures: You can use an app for viewing or editing pictures on your computer, such as
Photoshop.
Smart Features
49

--- Page 54 ---
• Audio and video les: You can use an audio and video player on your computer, such as
Windows Media Player.
• Web pages: You can use a browser on your computer, such as Internet Explorer.
• Compressed les: You can use a decompression app on your computer, such as WinRAR.
View Device 
Notications on Computers
Once your device is connected to a computer for multi-screen collaboration, notications
received on your device will be displayed in the Message Centre of PC Manager from where
you can view and manage them.
1 Click the PC Manager icon in the lower right corner of the computer screen.
2 Open the device 
notications displayed in Message and view them in the device window
on the computer screen.
Huawei Share
Huawei Share
Huawei Share is a wireless sharing technology that allows you to quickly transfer images,
videos, documents, and other types of 
les between devices. This technology uses Bluetooth
to discover nearby devices that supports Huawei Share and Wi-Fi Direct to transfer les
without using mobile data.
Enable or Disable Huawei Share
You can enable or disable Huawei Share in either of the following ways:
• Swipe down from the status bar to open the 
notication panel, then touch   to enable
or disable Huawei Share. Touch and hold the toggle to enter the Huawei Share settings
screen.
• Go to  Settings > More connections > Huawei Share, and enable or disable Huawei
Share.
Enabling Huawei Share automatically turns on Wi-Fi and Bluetooth.
Quickly Share Files Between Your Devices with Huawei Share
You can use Huawei Share to quickly share les between Huawei devices. The recipient can
preview the les before they are sent, then view the full content of the les once they have
been received. For example, the recipient can view received pictures or videos in Gallery.
 
Smart Features
50

--- Page 55 ---
1 On the receiving device, enable Huawei Share.
2 On the sending device, touch and hold to select the les you want to share, then touch
. Touch Huawei Share, then touch the icon of the receiving device to send the les.
These steps may be dierent if you are sharing les directly from an app.
3 On the receiving device, touch Accept to accept the transfer.
To view the received 
les, go to Files, then go to Internal storage > Huawei Share on the
Categories tab.
Received pictures or videos can also be found in  Gallery > Albums > Huawei Share.
Share Files Between Your Device and Computer with Huawei Share
You can use Huawei Share to quickly and easily share les wirelessly between your device
and a computer (Windows or macOS).
 
Smart Features
51

--- Page 56 ---
1 Make sure your device and computer are connected to the same Wi-Fi network.
2 On your device, go to the Huawei Share settings screen and enable Huawei Share and
Computer Share.
3 Make a note of the name displayed next to Name shown on computers and the user
name and password under Verication.
4 On the computer, go to:
• Windows: This PC (Computer) > Network.
• macOS: Finder > Go to > Network.
Currently, this feature is only available on Macs running macOS 10.8 to 10.14.
5 On your computer, double-click the name of your device and enter the user name and
password noted down previously.
6 Open a shared folder on your device, such as the Internal storage or Album folder to view,
edit, or copy 
les from your device to your computer or vice versa.
Changes made to les in the shared folders on your computer will be automatically
synced to your device and vice versa.
One-Touch Printing with Huawei Share
When a printer that supports Huawei Share is nearby, you can use Huawei Share to nd the
printer and print out pictures or PDF les stored on your device.
Smart Features
52

--- Page 57 ---
1 Depending on the type of printer, ensure the following:
• Wi-Fi capable printers: The printer must be powered on and connected to the same
network as your device.
• Wi-Fi Direct capable printers: The printer must be powered on and have Wi-Fi Direct
enabled.
• Bluetooth capable printers: The printer must be powered on and discoverable via
Bluetooth.
2 On your device, preview the le to be printed, then go to Share > Huawei Share.
3 Once the printer has been discovered, touch its name on your device, and adjust the
settings on the preview screen. Then, touch PRINT to print.
If you are connecting a Bluetooth printer to your device for the rst time, nd the printer
on your device, touch the printer name, then press and hold the Power button on the
printer for about 1 second to conrm the connection.
For a list of supported printers, touch Help on the Huawei Share sharing screen, select
Printers, then touch What printers are supported?.
Switch Audio Channels Between Devices
Smart Features
53

--- Page 58 ---
Switch Audio Channels Between Devices
When playing music or videos through your earphones, you can quickly switch the playback
to another device without having to unplug your wired earphones or disconnect your
Bluetooth earphones.
1 Connect your wired earphones or Bluetooth audio devices (such as Bluetooth earphones,
speaker, or in-car kit) to your device.
2 After pairing is successful, you will see the Current audio output device card when
swiping down the 
notication panel on your device. Touch   on the card to display the
audio output devices that are currently available.
Select the device you want to switch the audio to.
When non-Type-C wired earphones are connected to your device, the audio output
channel of your device is switched from This device to wired earphones.
Smart Features
54

--- Page 59 ---
Camera and Gallery
Launch Camera
Launch Camera
There are multiple ways to open the Camera app.
From the Home Screen
From the home screen, open 
Camera.
From the Lock Screen
When the screen is locked, turn on the screen, then swipe up on the camera icon in the lower
right corner to open the camera.
Using Ultra Snapshot
When enabled, simply double-press the Volume down button to open the camera when the
screen is o.
 
55

--- Page 60 ---
1 Open  Camera.
2 Go to   > Ultra Snapshot and select Open Camera or Take a snapshot.
3 You can now open the camera or take a snapshot without unlocking your screen.
Take Photos
Take Photos
 
1 Open  Camera.
2 You can then:
• Focus: Touch the location you want to focus on.
Camera and Gallery
56

--- Page 61 ---
To adjust focus and metering separately, touch and hold the viewnder and drag the
respective frame or ring to the desired location.
• Adjust brightness: Touch the viewnder. When the   symbol appears next to the
focus frame, drag it up or down.
• Zoom in or out: On the viewnder, pinch in or out, or drag the zoom slider.
• Select a camera mode: Swipe up, down, left, or right across the camera mode options.
• Turn the ash on or o: Touch   and select   (Auto),   (On),   (O), or
 (Always on).
These features may not be available in some camera modes.
3 Touch   to take a photo.
Take Burst Photos
Use Burst mode to take a sequence of photos in quick succession so you can choose the best
one.
Burst shooting is only available when using the rear camera.
1 Open 
Camera and select Photo mode.
2 Touch and hold 
 or press and hold one of the Volume buttons to take a burst photo.
When shooting, you'll see a counter, which indicates how many photos you've taken so
far.
3 Lift your nger to stop shooting.
Once you have nished, select photos you want to keep from the burst.
1 Open 
Gallery.
2 Touch a burst photo (which will be tagged with 
), then touch  .
3 Swipe through the burst photos, select the ones you want to keep, then touch   and
follow the onscreen instructions.
4 To delete the whole burst photo, touch and hold to select the photo, then touch  .
Take Timed Photos
The camera timer allows you to set a time delay so you can get into position after you have
touched the shutter button.
1 Open 
Camera.
2 Go to 
 > Timer and select a delay option.
Camera and Gallery
57

--- Page 62 ---
3 Return to the viewnder and touch the shutter button. Your device will take a photo when
the countdown ends.
Use Audio Control to Take Photos
You can use your voice to take photos without having to touch the shutter button.
1 Open 
Camera.
2 Go to 
 > Audio control, enable Audio control, and select an audio control option.
3 Go back to the viewnder, then say your command to take a photo.
Shoot in Portrait, Night, and Wide Aperture Modes
Shoot in Portrait, Night, and Wide Aperture Modes
Use Portrait Mode to Shoot Portraits
Portrait mode lets you apply beauty and lighting eects to your photos to shoot stunning
portraits.
 
1 Open  Camera and select Portrait mode.
Camera and Gallery
58

--- Page 63 ---
2 Frame your subject within the viewnder.
To take a sele, touch  .
3 You can then:
• Enable beauty eect: Touch   and drag the slider to adjust beauty settings. A larger
value will produce a more pronounced beauty eect.
To disable the beauty eect, drag the setting to its lowest value, or touch  .
• Set lighting eect: Touch   and select an eect to your liking.
4 Touch   to take a photo.
Take Night Shots
Night mode solves the issues caused by low light and night shooting to give your photos
sharper details and brighter colours.
You can also use Night mode when shooting backlit subjects and scenes with owing water,
such as waterfalls, to create a better contrast or a smooth, silky water eect.
 
1 Open  Camera and select Night mode.
Camera and Gallery
59

--- Page 64 ---
2 If you are using the rear camera, touch   on the viewnder to adjust the ISO sensitivity
or   to adjust the shutter speed.
3 Keep your device steady and touch  .
4 Your device will adjust the exposure time based on the ambient brightness. Keep your
device steady.
Do not stop shooting before the countdown nishes or your photos may come out blurry.
Use the Front Camera to Take Night Portraits
To take a sele at night or when there is not enough light, you can use the front camera in
Night mode.
In a dim environment, you can turn on the ash to get an illuminated photo of your face.
1 Open 
Camera and select Night mode.
2 Touch 
 to switch to the front camera. Then you can:
• Touch the ash icon at the top.
This allows you to select 
 (Auto),   (O), or   (Always on).
• Touch   and adjust the beauty level.
3 Keep your device steady and touch  .
Shoot Wide Aperture Photos and Videos
Wide aperture mode allows you to shoot photos and videos where the background is blurred
while your subject remains in sharp focus.
 
Camera and Gallery
60

--- Page 65 ---
1 Open  Camera and select Aperture mode.
2 Touch where you want to focus. For best results, your device needs to be within 2 meters
(about 7 ft.) of your subject.
3 Touch   in the viewnder and drag the slider to adjust aperture settings. A smaller
aperture value will create a more blurred background.
4 Touch the shutter button to shoot a photo or video. When recording, touch the viewnder
to adjust the focus.
Edit Background Blur in Wide Aperture Photos
You can adjust the focus and background blur after you've taken a wide aperture photo.
1 Go to  Gallery > Albums > Camera.
2 Touch a photo tagged with  , then touch   at the top of the photo.
3 Follow the instructions to touch the photo to re-focus. Drag the slider at the bottom to
adjust the aperture.
4 Touch   to save the settings.
Master AI
Camera and Gallery
61

--- Page 66 ---
Master AI
Master AI is a pre-installed camera feature that helps you take better photos by intelligently
identifying objects and scenes and optimising the camera settings accordingly.
Master AI is able to identify a variety of scenes, such as stages, beaches, blue skies, greenery,
and text. It only works with the rear camera.
 
1 Open  Camera and select Photo mode.
2 Touch 
 to ensure that Master AI is enabled.
3 Frame the subject in the viewnder. Once Master AI identies what you are shooting, it
will automatically recommend a mode (such as portrait, greenery, or text).
4 To disable the recommended mode, touch 
 next to the mode text or touch   to
disable Master AI.
Use Moon Mode
 
Camera and Gallery
62

--- Page 67 ---
1 Open  Camera and select Photo mode.
2 Touch 
 to ensure that Master AI is enabled.
3 Aim the camera at the moon and spread your ngers on the viewnder to adjust the
zoom to 10x or more.
When your device detects the moon, it will automatically enter Moon mode.
4 Touch 
 to take a photo.
Moon mode can only identify the moon if it is at least half full. Moon mode may not be
triggered if the moon is shrouded by clouds.
Zoom to Take Photos
Take Photos with Various Zoom Settings
The zoom capabilities of your device's camera allow you to capture more of a scene, or
distant vistas.
Take Wide-Angle Photos
 
Camera and Gallery
63

--- Page 68 ---
1 Open  Camera and select Photo mode.
2 Touch   to ensure that Master AI is enabled.
3 Aim the camera at the object you want to take a photo of. The camera will automatically
recommend Wide mode if it detects a building. Touch Wide to have a wider angle of
view.
You can also drag the zoom slider in the viewnder, or pinch in or out to adjust the zoom
level. A smaller value will result in a wider angle of view.
4 Touch   to take a photo.
Take Photos from Far Away
1 Open 
Camera and select Photo mode.
2 Aim the camera at the distant object you want to take a photo of. Drag the zoom slider,
or pinch in or out to adjust the zoom level.
3 In the viewnder, touch where you want to focus. When the camera is in focus, touch  .
Super Macro
Super Macro
Super macro mode makes it easier to shoot close-ups of small objects, such as dew drops
and leaves, as well as other everyday objects, to bring out details easily missed by the naked
eye.
 
Camera and Gallery
64

--- Page 69 ---
1 Open  Camera, then enter Super macro mode using either of the following methods:
• Automatic: Move your camera close to the subject and hold your device steady. When
your camera is close enough, it will automatically focus. If   is enabled, the screen
will display Super macro.
If it is not displayed, keep a distance of 2.5–10.0 cm (about 1.0–3.9 in) from the
subject.
• Manual: In the viewnder, drag the zoom slider to lower than 1x, or go to Camera >
More to switch to Super macro.
2 Touch   to take a photo.
Take Panoramic Photos
Take Panoramic Photos
Add breadth to your landscape or group photos with the Panorama feature. The camera
takes multiple photos of objects within your eld of view and stitches them together into a
single panoramic photo.
Camera and Gallery
65

--- Page 70 ---
Use the Rear Camera to Take Panoramic Photos
1 Go to  Camera > More and select Panorama mode.
2 Touch   at the bottom of the viewnder to set the pan direction.
3 Point the camera at your starting point, then touch 
 to start shooting.
4 Slowly move the camera in the direction of the arrow displayed on the screen. Keep your
device steady and the arrow on the centre line the entire time.
5 Touch   when you are nished.
Use the Front Camera to Take Panoramic Seles
1 In Panorama mode, touch   to switch to the front camera.
2 Point the camera at the centre of your shot, then touch   to take the rst photo.
3 Turn the camera to the left and right slowly as instructed. When the two frames on the
viewnder overlap, the camera will automatically take the second and third photos.
After the three photos are taken, the camera will automatically combine them into a
panoramic photo.
Take Black and White Photos
Take Black and White Photos
Black and white photography removes distracting colours to help you focus more on form,
shape, and texture.
1 Open 
Camera.
2 Go to More > Monochrome and select one of the following modes based on your subject
and scene:
• Normal: This mode suits all kinds of subjects.
• Aperture: This mode blurs the background and lends greater emphasis to the subject.
• Portrait: This mode blurs the background and lets you adjust the beauty 
eect.
• Pro: This mode allows you to adjust the camera settings, including the metering mode,
sensitivity, and shutter speed.
3 Touch 
 to take a photo.
AR Lens
Camera and Gallery
66

--- Page 71 ---
AR Lens
Use AR lens to make your photos fun and stand out.
Use 3D Qmoji to Create Your Own Qmojis
1 Go to  Camera > More and select AR lens.
2 Touch 3D Qmoji and select an animated Qmoji. The Qmoji will then mimic and act out
your facial expressions accordingly.
3 Touch   to enable or disable the background.
4 Touch   to enable Qmoji, then look straight at the front camera.
5 Touch and hold 
 to start recording.
6 After the recording is complete, add text or directly save the Qmoji. The Qmoji will be
saved to Gallery in GIF format.
Use 3D Qmoji to Record Videos
 
1 Touch 3D Qmoji and select an animated Qmoji. The Qmoji will then mimic and act out
your facial expressions accordingly.
Camera and Gallery
67

--- Page 72 ---
2 Touch   to enable or disable the background.
3 Touch   to disable Qmoji, then look straight at the front camera.
4 Touch 
 to start recording
5 Touch   to nish recording.
Light Painting
Light Painting
Light painting helps you capture light trails by allowing the shutter to stay open for a longer
time. No manual aperture and shutter adjustment is involved.
Just choose from the available options depending on the subjects and light conditions. To
reduce camera shake, a tripod is recommended to steady your device.
 
Capture Car Light Trails in Trac Trails Mode
Trac trails mode lets you create artistic photos of car tail lights at night.
Camera and Gallery
68

--- Page 73 ---
1 Go to  Camera > More > Light painting > Trac trails.
2 Find a spot where you'll see the light trails created by cars from a distance. Ensure that
car headlights do not point directly at the camera, as this can overexpose the image.
3 Touch   to start shooting. Observe the shot in the viewnder. When the exposure is just
right, touch 
 to nish shooting.
Capture Light Drawings in Light Grati Mode
Light grati lets you create patterns or write words by moving a light source in front of the
camera.
1 Go to  Camera > More > Light painting > Light grati.
2 In a dark environment without distracting light sources, move a suitably bright light
source of an appropriate colour, such as a small torch or glow stick, in front of the
camera. Avoid exaggerated body movement as this may aect the shooting results.
3 Touch   to start shooting. Observe the shot in the viewnder. When the exposure is just
right, touch   to nish shooting.
Capture Rivers and Waterfalls in Silky Water Mode
Silky water lets you capture silky smooth photographs of waterfalls and rivers.
1 Go to 
Camera > More > Light painting > Silky water.
2 This feature works best when taking photos of a stream or waterfall where the water is
owing heavily.
3 Touch   to start shooting. Observe the shot in the viewnder. When the exposure is just
right, touch   to nish shooting.
Capture the Beauty of the Stars in Star Track Mode
Star track lets you use your camera to capture the movement of the stars in the night sky.
1 Go to 
Camera > More > Light painting > Star trails.
2 For best results, choose a clear night in a location free of light pollution and with an
unobstructed view of the sky.
3 Touch   to start shooting. Observe the shot in the viewnder. When the exposure is just
right, touch   to nish shooting.
Take HDR Photos
Camera and Gallery
69

--- Page 74 ---
Take HDR Photos
When shooting photos with backlighting or a high light contrast, High Dynamic Range (HDR)
mode can help you improve light and shadow eects in your photos, giving your photos
sharper details.
Use HDR with the Rear Camera
1 Go to  Camera > More and select HDR.
2 Steady your device, with the help of a tripod if necessary.
3 Touch   to take a photo.
Moving Pictures
Moving Pictures
Moving pictures capture a second of movement and sound before you touch the shutter
button, and a second after.
Take Moving Pictures
Go to 
Camera > More > Moving picture and touch   to take a photo.
Play Moving Pictures
Moving pictures are saved in JPG format in Gallery.
Go to  Gallery > Albums > Camera, touch a moving picture, then touch   at the top of
the picture to view it.
The moving picture will automatically stop after a complete playback. You can also touch the
screen to stop the playback.
Share Moving Pictures
You can share moving pictures with Huawei or Honor devices using various methods, such as
Wi-Fi Direct, Bluetooth, or Huawei Share.
Go to 
Gallery > Albums > Camera, touch and hold to select the moving pictures you
want to share, then touch   to share them.
If you share moving pictures to third-party apps or incompatible devices, moving pictures will
be displayed as static images.
Add Stickers to Photos
Camera and Gallery
70

--- Page 75 ---
Add Stickers to Photos
Add a watermark, such as time, location, weather, or mood, to spice up your photo.
1 Go to  Camera > More > Stickers.
If this mode is not there, touch   and then download Stickers.
2 Touch 
 and select a watermark. The selected watermark will be displayed in the
viewnder.
3 Drag the watermark to change its position. You can also edit the text of some types of
watermarks.
4 Touch 
 to take a photo.
Documents Mode
Documents Mode
Images shot at an angle always 
suer from the problem of perspective. If you aren't able to
take a perfectly straight photo of a document, use Documents mode.
The camera will automatically adjust skewed images shot in Documents mode.
Shoot Photos in Documents Mode
1 Go to  Camera > More, then touch Documents.
If the option is not present, touch  , then download Documents.
2 Frame the document you want to shoot within the 
viewnder, then touch  .
3 The camera will automatically identify the text area within the viewnder and unskew the
image.
Adjust the Text Area
If you nd the skew correction provided by Documents mode unsatisfactory, you can also
manually adjust the text area.
This is only available for photos taken in Documents mode.
1 Go to  Gallery > Albums > Camera, then touch the photo you wish to adjust.
2 Touch   above the photo.
3 Drag the four corners to customise the correction area. Then touch 
.
Underwater Mode
Camera and Gallery
71

--- Page 76 ---
Underwater Mode
• Before placing your device in water, make sure that it is in a waterproof case and that
the case is closed tight.
• Don't keep your device underwater for extended periods of time.
1 Go to  Camera > More, then enable Underwater.
2 Now you can:
• Press the Volume up button to take a photo.
• Press and hold the Volume up button to take a burst photo.
• Press the Volume down button to record a video. During recording, press the Volume
up button to pause and the Volume down button to stop.
• Press the Power button to turn 
o the screen, and press it again to activate the
camera.
3 When you are nished, follow the onscreen instructions to exit the camera.
Take High-Resolution Photos
Take High-Resolution Photos
Take high-resolution photos if you would like to print them later or display them on a large
screen.
 
1 Go to  Camera > More, then touch High-res.
2 Frame your subject within the viewnder, then touch where you want to focus.
High-res does not allow you to zoom in or out, or adjust the aspect ratio.
3 Touch   to take a photo.
It may take longer to take a photo in High-res mode. Keep your device steady when the
photo is being taken.
Camera and Gallery
72

--- Page 77 ---
Pro Mode
Pro Mode
Pro mode gives you full control over focus mode, metering, exposure compensation, and
more when shooting, so that the photos and videos will look more professional.
Some of the above settings are not available when you shoot videos in Pro mode.
 
1 Open  Camera and select Pro mode.
2 Customise camera settings to shoot unique and professional-looking photos. You can also
shoot high-quality videos by touching  .
• Adjust the metering mode: Touch M and select a metering mode.
Camera and Gallery
73

--- Page 78 ---
Metering Mode Description
Matrix
Measures the light in the whole frame. Applicable
when shooting natural landscapes.
Centre
Places more emphasis on light levels at the centre of
the screen. Applicable when shooting portraits.
Spot
Concentrates on the light in a small area of the
screen, such as the subject's eyes.
• Adjust the ISO sensitivity: Touch ISO and drag the slider.
In low-light conditions, increase the ISO sensitivity. In well-lit environments, lower the
ISO sensitivity to avoid image noise.
• Adjust the shutter speed: Touch S and drag the slider.
The shutter speed aects the amount of light allowed to enter the camera lens. When
you are shooting stationary scenes or portraits, lower the shutter speed. When you are
shooting moving scenes or objects, increase the shutter speed.
• Adjust EV exposure compensation: Touch EV and drag the slider.
Increase the EV value in low-light conditions and lower the value in well-lit
environments.
• Adjust the focus: Touch AF and select a focus mode.
Focusing Mode Applicable Scenario
AF-S (single) Stationary subjects
AF-C (continuous) Moving subjects
MF (manual) Touch the subject on which you want to focus.
• Adjust the colour cast: Touch WB and select a mode.
When shooting in bright sunlight, select  . In low-light environments, select  .
Touch   to adjust the colour temperature.
• Use high resolution: Touch 
 to take a photo with the highest possible resolution.
When this feature is enabled, the camera does not allow you to zoom in or out.
• Save RAW format photos: RAW format records more detail and allows you to have a
wider range of post-processing options. On the Pro mode screen, touch   to enable
RAW.
Afterwards, photos that you take will be saved in RAW and standard formats. The RAW
format photos will be saved to the RAW photo album in Gallery.
RAW format photos take up more storage space than standard format photos. Make
sure that your device has sucient storage space.
Camera and Gallery
74

--- Page 79 ---
• Enable AF assist light: For better focus in low-light environments, touch   to enable
AF assist light.
3 Touch the shutter button to shoot a photo or video.
Record Videos
Record Videos
1 Open 
Camera and select Video mode.
2 Adjust the following settings:
• Zoom in or out: On the viewnder, pinch or spread two ngers, or drag the zoom
slider.
• Focus: Touch the location you want to focus on. Touch and hold the viewnder to lock
the exposure and focus.
• Turn the 
ash on or o: Touch  , then touch   to keep the ash on, or   to
turn it o.
• Adjust the beauty eect: Touch   and drag the slider to adjust beauty settings.
• Adjust the video resolution and frame rate: Go to   > Video resolution and select
the desired resolution. A higher resolution will result in a higher quality video with a
larger le size.
Touch Frame rate to select a frame rate.
• Select a video format that saves on storage space: Touch   and enable Ecient
video format.
When this feature is enabled, your device will use a video format that takes up less
storage space. However, this may result in other devices being unable to play the video.
Please exercise caution when selecting this option.
3 Touch   to start recording.
While recording, touch and hold   or   to smoothly zoom in or out.
Touch 
 to take a photo while recording.
4 Touch   to pause and   to end the recording.
AI Movie Eects
Camera and Gallery
75

--- Page 80 ---
AI Movie Eects
Use AI movie eects to add unique artistic eects to your videos without the need for post-
processing.
 
1 Open  Camera and select Video mode.
2 Switch to the rear camera, touch 
, and select a special eect.
3 Go to   > Video resolution and select 21:9 to give your video a cinematic character.
4 Touch   to start recording.
While recording, touch   to take a photo with the selected special eect.
5 Touch   to end the recording.
4K HD Videos
4K HD Videos
Both the front and rear cameras of your device support 4K Ultra HD video recording.
Camera and Gallery
76

--- Page 81 ---
1 Open  Camera and select Video mode.
2 Go to   > Video resolution and select [16:9] 4K.
Beauty mode and non-Leica lters do not support 4K recording, and will be automatically
disabled when you select the 4K resolution.
3 Return to the Video screen and touch   to record a video.
A higher resolution will result in a higher quality video, but will also take up more
storage space.
Slow-Mo Recording
Slow-Mo Recording
Use Slow-mo mode to capture 
eeting moments in detail. Adjust the slow motion speed
based on how slow you want your footage to appear.
• 32x super slow-mo: When the camera detects a moving object in the viewnder, it will
record an epic, super slow motion video. This mode is suitable for shooting super high
speed motions, such as bubble popping and water splashing.
• 4x or 8x slow-mo: You can customise the overall shooting length and the length of the
slow-mo portion. This mode is suitable for shooting breakdowns of fast movements, such
as diving and kicking a football.
 
Shoot Slow-Mo Videos at 32x
1 Go to  Camera > More, then touch Slow-mo.
2 Ensure that the speed is 32X and motion detection is enabled (
 should display at the
top of the screen).
3 Frame your subject in the 
viewnder, then touch   to start recording. When the camera
detects a moving object in the viewnder, it will record an epic, super slow motion video.
Camera and Gallery
77

--- Page 82 ---
To record a video manually, touch   to disable motion detection, then touch   to start
recording.
Shoot Slow-Mo Videos
1 Go to  Camera > More, then touch Slow-mo.
2 Touch   and select a speed.
3 Touch 
 to start recording.
4 Touch   to end the recording.
Adjust the Slow-Mo Portion in Slow-Mo Videos
The length of the slow-mo portion in slow motion videos can be adjusted.
This feature is only available for slow motion videos recorded at 4x or 8x.
1 Go to  Gallery > Albums > Camera and select a slow motion video.
2 Touch   to play the video. During playback, touch the video to bring up the editing
area.
3 Drag the slider to adjust the portion you want to be played back in slow motion.
4 Touch 
 to adjust the volume of the background music and the brightness.
5 When you are 
nished, go to   > Save slow-mo le to save your edits.
Time-Lapse Photography
Time-Lapse Photography
You can use Time-lapse to capture images slowly over several minutes or even hours, then
condense them into a short video. This allows you to capture the beauty of change –
blooming owers, drifting clouds, and more.
 
Camera and Gallery
78

--- Page 83 ---
1 Go to  Camera > More, then touch Time-lapse.
2 Place your device in position. To reduce camera shake, use a tripod to steady your device.
3 By default, Auto mode is enabled. To manually adjust camera settings, touch Auto. Then
you can:
• Touch 
 to adjust the recording speed. For example, record trac trails at 15x or
blooming owers at 1800x.
A video recorded at a higher speed will play faster.
• Touch   to set the recording duration.
• Touch   to adjust the metering mode, shutter speed, ISO, and more.
4 Touch 
 to start recording. If no recording duration is set, touch   to end the
recording.
The recorded video is automatically saved to Gallery.
Dual-View Mode
Dual-View Mode
The Dual-view feature splits the recording screen into two views, allowing you to watch the
regular view side by side with a zoomed-in view.
 
Camera and Gallery
79

--- Page 84 ---
1 Go to  Camera > More, then touch Dual-view.
2 Frame your subject in the viewnder, then touch   to start recording.
The regular view and the zoomed-in view display side by side on the screen, with the
zoomed-in area being the centre of the regular view. You can adjust the zoom level by
pinching or spreading two ngers on the zoomed-in view.
3 Touch   to end the recording.
Leica Colors
Leica Colours
1 Open  Camera and switch to the rear camera.
2 Touch 
 at the top of the viewnder, then select Leica standard, Leica vivid, or Leica
smooth.
3 Touch the shutter button to shoot a photo or video.
Not all camera modes support Leica colours.
Filters
Filters
1 Open  Camera and select Photo or Video mode.
2 Touch 
 or   and select a lter.
Some devices do not have the   icon.
3 Touch the shutter button to shoot a photo or video.
Camera and Gallery
80

--- Page 85 ---
Use the Camera with Other Devices
Use a Bluetooth Snorkeling Case to Take Photos Underwater
When using a dedicated Bluetooth snorkeling case, you can quickly launch the camera when
you are swimming or diving, and easily take photos, zoom in or out, and switch between
modes.
 
• Purchase a dedicated Bluetooth snorkeling case from an ocial channel.
• Before using your device underwater, refer to the snorkeling case user guide to ensure
that the case is fully sealed.
• Refer to the depth and duration limits of the snorkeling case. Do not use your device in
deep water for an extended period of time.
1 Swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel, then touch   to enable
Bluetooth on your device.
2 Refer to the snorkeling case user guide to enable Bluetooth on the case, and place the
case close to your device.
3 Your device will automatically detect the snorkeling case and prompt you to connect to it.
4 After the connection is set up, install the snorkeling case according to the instructions and
ensure that the case is airtight. Double-press the Power button to enter Underwater
mode. You can then:
• Take a photo: Press the shutter button.
• Take a burst photo: Press and hold the shutter button.
• Zoom: Move the zoom joystick.
• Switch between photo and video modes: Double-press the Power button.
• Pause/Resume recording: Press the shutter button when recording.
Camera and Gallery
81

--- Page 86 ---
• End recording: Double-press the Power button.
• Switch between the front and rear cameras: Press the Power button three times.
• Turn the screen on or 
o: Press the Power button.
• Disable Bluetooth on the snorkeling case: Press and hold the Power button for 2
seconds.
5 After you have nished shooting, take your device out of the water and follow the
onscreen instructions to exit Underwater mode.
Adjust Camera Settings
Adjust Camera Settings
You can adjust the camera settings to take photos and videos more quickly.
The following features may not be available in some camera modes.
Adjust the Aspect Ratio
1 Open  Camera and touch   to access the Settings screen.
2 Touch Aspect ratio to select an aspect ratio (for example, 1:1 or 4:3).
This feature is not available in some modes.
Enable Location Tag
Enable Location tag to tag your location in photos and videos.
Swipe up on a photo or video in Gallery to view its shooting location.
Add Device Watermarks to Photos
Enable Add watermark. Photos and videos shot with the rear camera will have a device
watermark added.
Use the Assistive Grid to Compose Your Photos
Use the assistive grid to help you line up the perfect shot.
 
Camera and Gallery
82

--- Page 87 ---
1 Go to  Camera >  .
2 Enable Assistive grid.
3 Grid lines will appear in the viewnder. Place the subject of your photo at one of the
intersecting points, then touch the shutter button.
Enable Mirror Reection
When using the front camera, touch   to enable or disable Mirror reection.
Mute the Shutter Sound
Enable Mute as needed.
Capture Smiles
Enable Capture smiles. The camera will take a photo automatically when it detects a smile
in the viewnder.
Use the Horizontal Level for Better Compositions
1 Touch 
 to access the Settings screen.
2 Enable Horizontal level to display a horizontal guiding line on the viewnder.
When the dotted line overlaps with the solid line, it indicates that the camera is parallel
with the horizontal level.
Manage Gallery
View Photos and Videos
In Gallery, you can view, edit, and share your photos and videos, as well as browse the clips
automatically generated from them.
 
Camera and Gallery
83

--- Page 88 ---
View by Shooting Time
Your photos and videos are stored in  Gallery and can be viewed by time, location,
category, or album.
On the Photos tab, pinch two ngers on the screen to switch to the monthly view and spread
them to enter the daily view.
View by Album
You can view photos and videos by album on the Albums tab.
Some photos and videos are stored in default albums. For example, videos recorded with the
camera are saved in the Camera album. Screenshots and screen recordings are saved in the
Screenshots album.
Camera and Gallery
84

--- Page 89 ---
View by Category
Gallery intelligently sorts photos into categories, allowing you to quickly sift through large
albums by category.
Touch a category album on the Discover tab (such as food, portrait, or scenery) to view
photos in that album.
View Details About Photos and Videos
1 Touch a photo or video to view it in Full screen mode. Touch the screen again to hide the
menu.
2 In Full screen mode, you can check the following:
• Basic information: Swipe up on the photo or video to view basic information.
• Shooting details: Touch 
 and view shooting details in the popup box, including the
storage path, resolution, and size.
Search for Photos
Quickly locate a photo by searching with keywords in Gallery.
 
1 Open  Gallery, then touch the search box.
Camera and Gallery
85

--- Page 90 ---
2 Enter a keyword (such as "food", "scenery", or "ower").
3 Photos related to that keyword will be displayed. Touch a suggested keyword or enter
more keywords for more precise results.
Edit Photos and Videos
Gallery oers a wide range of editing features for photos and videos.
Basic Editing
1 Open 
Gallery, touch the thumbnail of the photo you want to edit, then touch Edit to
access the editing features.
 
• Crop: Touch   and drag the grid or its corners to select which part you want to keep.
You can also select a xed ratio and drag the corners of the grid to crop the photo.
• Rotate: Touch   and drag the angle wheel to the desired orientation.
You can also touch Rotate to rotate your photo or Mirror to ip it.
• Add lter eects: Touch   to select a lter.
Camera and Gallery
86

--- Page 91 ---
• Adjust photo eects: Touch   to adjust the brightness, contrast, saturation, and
other qualities of the photo.
• Other: Touch   to edit the photo in other ways, such as colour splash, blur, doodle,
or adding a text element.
2 Touch 
 to save your edits and touch   to save the photo.
Add Stickers to Photos
1 Touch a photo, then go to Edit >   > Stickers.
2 Select a type of sticker, such as Time, Location, Weather, or Mood.
3 Select a sticker and drag it to change its position. You can also edit the text of some types
of stickers.
4 Touch   to save your edits and touch   to save the photo.
Pixelate Photos
1 Touch a photo, then go to Edit > 
 > Mosaic.
2 Select a mosaic style and size to cover parts of the photo.
3 To remove the mosaic, touch Eraser and wipe it o the photo.
4 Touch   to save your edits and touch   to save the photo.
Rename Photos
1 In Gallery, touch the photo thumbnail you want to rename.
2 Go to 
 > Rename and enter a new name.
3 Touch OK.
Edit Videos
 
Camera and Gallery
87

--- Page 92 ---
1 Go to  Gallery > Albums > Videos and touch the video you want to edit.
2 Touch 
. Then you can:
• Select a video template: Touch 
.
• Crop the video: Touch  , then drag the slider at both ends of the video clip to select
which part you want to keep. Touch   to preview the cropped video.
• Adjust the frame and video resolution: Touch  , then touch Frame to select a frame,
and Resolution to select a video resolution.
A higher resolution will result in a higher quality video, but will also take up more
storage space.
• Edit background music: Touch   and choose from preset background music or your
locally saved music.
To turn 
o the original video sounds, touch  .
• Add lter eects: Touch   to select a lter. Drag the slider to adjust the lter eect.
Camera and Gallery
88

--- Page 93 ---
• Edit the intro and outro: Touch   to select an intro and outro. After the preview is
complete, touch the screen to edit the text content and style of the intro.
3 When you are nished, touch   to export the video.
The edited videos are saved in the Video Editor album, and the original video is left
unchanged.
Share Photos and Videos
There are several ways to share photos and videos from Gallery.
1 Open 
Gallery.
2 Use either of the following methods:
• Share a single photo or video: Touch the photo or video, then touch  .
• Share multiple photos or videos: In an album, touch and hold to select multiple photos
and videos, then touch 
.
Manage Gallery
Organise photos and videos into albums to easily sift through them.
Add Albums
1 Open  Gallery, then touch Albums.
2 Touch Add album, then name the album.
3 Touch OK.
4 Select the photos or videos you want to add.
Move Photos and Videos
1 Open an album, then touch and hold to select the photos and videos you want to move.
2 Touch 
 > Move to select the desired album.
3 Once the items are moved, they will no longer be in their original album.
The All photos and Videos albums show all photos and videos stored on your device.
Moving items across albums will not aect the view in these albums.
Delete Photos and Videos
Touch and hold to select the items you want to delete, then go to   > Delete.
The All photos, Videos, and Camera albums cannot be deleted.
Deleted photos and videos will be temporarily moved to the Recently deleted album before
being permanently deleted after 30 days.
Camera and Gallery
89

--- Page 94 ---
To permanently delete a photo or video manually, touch and hold its thumbnail in the
Recently deleted album, then go to   > Delete.
Recover Deleted Photos and Videos
In the Recently deleted album, touch and hold to select the items you want to recover, then
touch   to restore them to their original albums.
If the original album has been deleted, a new one will be created.
 
Add Photos and Videos to Favorites
Open a photo or video, then touch  .
The item will appear in both its original album and the My favourites album.
Hide Albums
System albums such as Camera, Videos, My favourites, and Screenshots cannot be
hidden.
From the Albums tab, go to   > Hide albums and toggle the switches on for albums that
you want to hide.
Camera and Gallery
90

--- Page 95 ---
Hidden albums and the photos and videos in them are hidden from view in Gallery.
Block Albums
To prevent third-party app albums from displaying in Gallery, block these albums.
 
1 On the Albums tab, touch Others.
2 Touch an album, and if   is displayed at the top, go to   > Block.
Move photos and videos you want to block to blocked albums.
Blocked albums cannot be viewed in any apps other than Files.
3 To unblock an album, go to Others, touch View blocked albums, then touch Unblock
next to the album.
Only some albums in Others can be blocked.
Smart Photo Categorisation
Smart Photo Categorisation
Gallery automatically sorts your photos into categories such as portraits, locations, scenery,
and food, so you can quickly nd what you're looking for.
Camera and Gallery
91

--- Page 96 ---
Open  Gallery, then touch the Discover tab to view your photos organised into
categories.
To remove a photo from an album, touch and hold to select the photo, then touch   (or
 for portraits).
Not all photos can be removed from the category albums.
View and Set People Albums
Once you have taken a sucient number of photos, Gallery will automatically create People
albums of individuals or groups by identifying faces in your photos. This will happen when
your device is charging and the screen is o.
You can name your People albums and set the relationship of individuals with you.
Group photo albums require a specic number of photos that contain 2 to 10 faces that have
already been named in People albums.
1 Go to  Gallery > Discover and view the generated People albums.
2 Touch an album, go to   > Edit > Add name, then set the name and relationship (such
as Baby or Mom).
Once you have nished, you can nd a People album by entering the name or relationship in
the search bar.
Huawei Vlog Editor
Huawei Vlog Editor
The Huawei Vlog editor automatically creates Huawei Vlogs, such as Spotlight Reels,
Highlights videos, and People albums, with added background music from your photos and
videos.
You can also select photos and videos yourself to create your own Huawei Vlogs.
Either way, you can edit and share your Huawei Vlogs at the touch of a 
nger.
Create a Video Clip with Photos and Videos
 
Camera and Gallery
92

--- Page 97 ---
1 Go to  Gallery > Photos.
2 Touch and hold to select photos and videos, then go to 
 > Video to create a video clip.
You can then:
• Select a video template: Touch 
.
• Edit video materials: Touch 
 to adjust the video frame or length, or add or delete
video materials.
If you have selected a video, you can also touch 
 on the video timeline, and then
drag the sliders at both ends to trim the video.
• Edit background music: Touch   and choose from preset background music or music
les on your device.
• Add lter eects: Touch   to select a lter. Drag the slider to adjust the lter eect.
• Edit the intro and outro: Touch   to select an intro and outro. After the preview is
complete, touch the intro text to edit its content and style.
Camera and Gallery
93

--- Page 98 ---
3 When you are nished, touch   to save the video and follow the onscreen instructions
to export it.
View Spotlight Reels
Spotlight Reel analyses your videos to create highlight clips of people and objects in them
and presents them to you with background music.
 
1 Go to  Gallery > Albums > Videos.
2 Touch a video, then swipe up on the video. Touch a person's face or Best cut to view the
created Spotlight Reel.
If a clip has not yet been generated, touch GET STARTED to create one.
3 During playback, touch the video to edit the template, background music, lter, intro and
outro, and more.
This feature works automatically when your device is charging and the screen is o. It
only works on local videos between 10 seconds and 3 minutes long.
Share Spotlight Reels
1 Go to Gallery > Albums > Video Editor, where you'll 
nd all your exported videos.
2 Touch and hold to select the videos you want to share, then touch  .
Camera and Gallery
94

--- Page 99 ---
Huawei Vlogs
People Album Videos
Gallery automatically creates People albums by identifying faces in photos.
View, edit, and share the videos generated in these People albums.
View Huawei Vlogs
1 Go to 
Gallery > Discover and touch a people album.
2 Touch   on the album cover.
Edit People Album Videos
Apply special eects, lters, and background music to make your videos stand out.
1 Touch   to play the video. During playback, you can:
• Select a video template: Touch  .
• Edit video clips: Touch   to adjust the video frame or length, or add or delete video
clips.
• Edit background music: Touch 
 and choose from preset background music or your
locally saved music.
• Add lter eects: Touch   to select a lter. Drag the slider to adjust the lter eect.
• Edit the intro and outro: Touch   to select an intro and outro. After the preview is
complete, touch the intro text to edit its content and style.
2 When you are nished, touch   to save the video and follow the onscreen instructions
to export it.
Share People Album Videos
The exported videos are saved in Gallery > Albums > Video Editor.
Touch and hold to select videos you would like to share, then touch  .
Highlights
Camera and Gallery
95

--- Page 100 ---
Highlights
Gallery automatically creates Highlights albums from your best photos and videos based on
time, location, and theme information, and even generates a short video clip so you can
instantly relive the good times.
 
• To start using Highlights, go to Camera >   and enable Location tag.
• Highlights albums are created automatically when your device is charging, the screen is
turned o, and the battery is at least 50% charged. This process may take some time.
Highlights albums will not be created if there are fewer than 10 photos or videos in Gallery.
View Highlights Videos
1 Go to  Gallery > Highlights and touch an album.
2 Touch   to play the video.
Edit Highlights Videos
1 When you are watching a Highlights video, touch the video to select a preset template at
the bottom of the screen.
2 To make even more customisations, you can:
Camera and Gallery
96

--- Page 101 ---
• Select a video template: Touch  .
• Edit video clips: Touch   to adjust the video frame or length, or add or delete video
clips.
• Edit background music: Touch   and choose from preset background music or your
locally saved music.
• Add lter eects: Touch   to select a lter. Drag the slider to adjust the lter eect.
• Edit the intro and outro: Touch   to select an intro and outro. After the preview is
complete, touch the intro text to edit its content and style.
3 When you are nished, touch   to save the video and follow the onscreen instructions
to export it.
Share Highlights Videos
1 Go to Gallery > Albums > Video Editor, where you'll nd all your exported videos.
2 Touch and hold to select the videos you want to share, then touch  .
Add or Remove Photos and Videos from Highlights Albums
1 On the Highlights tab, touch an album.
2 You can then:
• Add photos or videos: Touch  , select the items you want to add, then touch  .
• Remove photos or videos: Touch and hold to select photos or videos you want to
remove, touch 
, then touch Move.
Rename Highlights Albums
1 On the Highlights tab, touch an album.
2 Go to 
 > Rename and enter a new name.
Delete Highlights Albums
1 On the Highlights tab, touch an album.
2 Go to   > Delete and touch Delete.
Camera and Gallery
97

--- Page 102 ---
Apps
Apps
Apps
Locate an Installed App
Swipe down from the middle of the home screen to show the search bar, and enter the app
name. When the app is found, touch 
 next to its name.
Uninstall an App
You can uninstall an app using either of the following methods:
• Touch and hold the app icon you want to uninstall until your device vibrates, touch
Uninstall, then follow the onscreen instructions to uninstall the app.
• Go to  Settings > Apps > Apps, touch the app you want to uninstall, then touch
Uninstall.
Some pre-installed system apps can't be uninstalled, as uninstalling them may cause
system errors.
Manage Background Apps
1 Access the recent tasks screen using either of the following methods, depending on the
navigation method you are using:
• Gestures: Swipe up from the bottom of the screen and hold.
• Three-key navigation: Touch  .
2 On the recent tasks screen, you can:
• Swipe across to view app previews.
• Touch an app preview to access an app.
• Swipe up on an app preview to close an app.
• Swipe down on an app preview to lock it. 
 will appear at the top of the app
preview. Touching   will not close this app.
• Swipe down again to unlock it.   will disappear.
• Touch   to close all apps (except for those you have locked).
Clear the Cache of an App
Delete app cache les to free up storage space.
98

--- Page 103 ---
Go to  Settings > Apps > Apps, select the app for which you want to clear the cache, then
go to Storage > Clear cache.
Contacts
Create and Edit Contact Information
You can create contacts in multiple ways, as well as view and manage your contacts list.
 
Create Contacts
1 Open  Phone, select the Contacts tab at the bottom of the screen, then touch  .
If you are creating a contact for the rst time, touch Create new contact to start adding
a contact.
Apps
99

--- Page 104 ---
2 Touch the camera image to set a prole picture for the contact, enter information such as
the name, organisation, and phone number of the contact, then touch 
.
Import Contacts
1 On the Contacts screen, go to   > Settings > Import/Export.
2 Select Import via Bluetooth, Import via Wi-Fi Direct, or Import from storage, then
follow the onscreen instructions to import contacts.
Scan Business Cards to Add Contacts
1 On the Contacts screen, go to   > Scan or go to Business cards > Scan.
2 Place a business card on a at surface, adjust the camera so that the contents on the
business card are clearly displayed in the 
viewnder, then touch   to capture a single or
multiple business cards in a row.
3 After the photos are taken, your device will automatically identify the contact information.
Touch 
 to save the contact.
You can view the scanned business cards in Business cards.
Scan a QR Code to Add a Contact
If a QR code contains contact information, you can scan the QR code to quickly add a
contact.
1 On the Contacts screen, go to 
 > Scan or go to Business cards > Scan.
2 Take a photo of a QR code or select a photo of a QR card from Gallery, and contact
information contained in the QR code can be identied and added.
Search for Contacts
1 From the Contacts screen, go to   > Settings > Display preferences and touch All
contacts to display all your contacts.
2 Search for contacts using either of the following methods:
• Swipe down from the middle of the home screen, enter a keyword for the contact you
want to nd in the search box (such as their name, initials, or email address).
You can also enter multiple keywords, such as "John London", to quickly nd matching
contacts.
• Enter keywords for the contact you want to nd in the search box above the contacts
list. Matching results will be displayed below the search box.
Share Contacts
1 On the Contacts screen, select the contact you want to share, then go to   > Share
contact.
Apps
100

--- Page 105 ---
2 Select a sharing method, then follow the onscreen instructions to share the contact.
Export Contacts
1 On the Contacts screen, go to 
 > Settings > Import/Export.
2 Touch Export to storage and follow the onscreen instructions to export contacts.
The exported .vcf les are saved in the root directory of your device's internal storage by
default. You can open Files to view the exported les in the internal storage.
Delete Contacts
Delete contacts using either of the following methods:
• Touch and hold the entry you want to delete, then touch Delete.
• On the Contacts screen, go to   > Settings > Organise contacts > Delete multiple
contacts, select the entries you want to delete, then touch  .
To restore deleted contacts, go to 
 > Settings > Organise contacts > Recently deleted,
touch and hold a contact you want to restore, select the check boxes of any others you also
want to restore, then touch  .
Merge Duplicate Contacts
1 Open  Phone, select the Contacts tab at the bottom of the screen, then touch   >
Settings > Organise contacts > Merge duplicate contacts.
2 Select duplicate contacts to be merged and touch Merge.
Manage Contact Groups
You can conveniently send emails or messages to multiple contacts by creating and
managing contact groups. Your device automatically groups contacts by company, city, and
last contact time, but you can also create new groups based on your preferences.
Create a Contact Group
1 Open 
Phone, select the Contacts tab at the bottom of the screen, then touch Groups.
2 Touch  , enter the group name, such as "Family" or "Friends", then touch OK.
3 Follow the onscreen instructions to add contacts to the group, then touch  .
Edit a Contact Group
1 On the Groups screen, select the group you want to edit and touch   to add a new
contact.
Apps
101

--- Page 106 ---
2 Touch   for Remove members, Group ringtone, Delete group, or Rename.
Send Group Messages or Emails
On the Groups screen, open a group, then touch 
 to send a message or touch   to
send an email.
Delete Contact Groups
On the Groups screen, touch and hold the group to be deleted, then touch Delete.
Create Personal Information
You can create a business card containing your personal information to share with others.
You can also add personal emergency information so you can call for help quickly in an
emergency.
Create a Personal Business Card
1 Open  Phone, select the Contacts tab at the bottom of the screen, then touch My
card.
2 Set your prole picture, enter personal information such as your name, work address, and
phone number.
3 Touch   to automatically create a QR code business card.
You can share your business card using the QR code.
Add Emergency Information
1 From the Contacts screen, go to My card > Emergency information.
2 Touch ADD and set your personal, medical, and emergency contact information.
Once you have added emergency contacts and you nd yourself in an emergency, access the
lock screen for inputting your password, go to Emergency > Emergency information >
Emergency contacts, and select an emergency contact to make a call.
Erase Contact Traces
1 Open  Phone, touch the Contacts tab at the bottom of the screen, then touch the
contact for whom you wish to erase contact traces.
2 Go to   > Erase history > Erase to delete all call and message records for that contact.
Phone
Make a Call
Dial a Number or Select a Contact to Call
Use either of the following methods to make a call:
Apps
102

--- Page 107 ---
• Open  Phone, enter part of a phone number, the rst letter of a contact's name, or the
contact's initials to nd a contact.
 
• On the Phone screen, touch the Contacts tab at the bottom, then select a contact to make
a call.
Touch   to end a call.
Use Speed Dial
Once you've set up speed dialling for a contact, you can quickly call that contact with the
assigned number key.
Go to  Phone >   > Settings > Speed dial, select a number key, then set a contact for
this speed dial number.
Press the Power Button to End a Call
During a call, press the Power button to end the call.
Go to 
Phone >   > Settings > More and enable Power button ends call.
Apps
103

--- Page 108 ---
Set a Call Background
You can set a wallpaper as the call background.
1 Go to  Settings > Home screen & wallpaper > Wallpaper.
2 Select a picture and set it as the wallpaper.
You can also set a prole picture for a contact to be shown on the call background.
1 On the Phone screen, touch the Contacts tab at the bottom, then select the contact you
want to set a prole picture for.
2 Touch   and then touch   to set a prole picture for the contact.
Make an International Call
1 Contact your mobile carrier to activate and inquire about the international calling service.
2 Open  Phone, touch the Contacts tab at the bottom, then select a contact to make a
call.
For numbers that are not in the contacts list, on the Phone screen, touch and hold the 0
number key to display +, enter the country code and phone number, then touch   to
make an international call.
Manage Call Logs
You can merge the call logs of the same contact or number for a tidier and more concise
interface, or delete call logs as required.
Merge Call Logs
1 Go to  Phone >   > Settings > Merge call log.
2 Select By contact and your device will automatically merge the call logs of the same
number or contact.
View Missed Calls
1 To display all missed calls, open 
Phone, swipe down on the call log list, then touch the
Missed tab.
All missed calls are displayed in red in the call log list for you to quickly identify them on
the All screen.
2 Touch   next to a call log to call back or send a message.
Delete Call Logs
Delete call logs using either of the following methods:
• On the Phone screen, touch and hold a call log, then touch Delete entry.
• On the Phone screen, go to   > Delete entries. Select multiple call logs, then touch 
to delete them.
Apps
104

--- Page 109 ---
Set a Ringtone for Incoming Calls
You can set your favorite music or a video as the ringtone for incoming calls.
If two SIM cards have been inserted into your device, congure the ringtone separately for
SIM 1 and SIM 2.
Set a Music Ringtone
1 Go to  Phone >   > Settings > Ringtone or  Settings > Sounds & vibration >
Phone ringtone.
2 Select a system ringtone, or touch Music on device to select a local song as the ringtone.
Set a Video Ringtone
Set a video as the ringtone for incoming calls.
 
1 Go to  Phone >   > Settings > Ringtone or  Settings > Sounds & vibration >
Phone ringtone.
2 Touch Video ringtones and select a video to preview the eect for incoming calls.
3 Touch Apply to set the video as the ringtone.
Apps
105

--- Page 110 ---
Set a Ringtone for a Contact
1 Open  Phone, touch the Contacts tab at the bottom of the screen, then select the
contact you want to set a ringtone for.
2 On the contact details screen, touch Ringtone and select a ringtone.
Use VoLTE to Make Calls
Voice over LTE (VoLTE) is an IP-based data transmission technology that delivers both call
and data services over a 4G network.
Once VoLTE is enabled, you can make a call while accessing the Internet. If your device
supports dual SIM dual VoLTE, you can receive an incoming call on a SIM card while the
other SIM card is being used for a call.
VoLTE also provides you with a faster call connection time and higher quality voice and video
calls.
Enable VoLTE
1 Contact your mobile carrier to activate the 4G and VoLTE functions for your SIM card. If
both the primary and secondary SIM card trays of a dual-SIM device support 4G and
VoLTE, 4G and VoLTE can be enabled for both SIM cards.
2 Go to 
Settings > Mobile network > Mobile data. In the network settings area of SIM
1 or SIM 2, turn on the VoLTE calls switch.
• This feature may vary depending on your carrier.
• The 4G network is used as an example here. If your device supports 5G, the operations
are the same.
• 5G is only available in some countries and regions.
Make a Video Call
Video calls are only possible when both parties are using VoLTE-activated devices.
1 Open  Phone, touch the Contacts tab at the bottom of the screen, then select the
contact you want to call.
2 Touch   to make a video call.
During a voice call, you can also touch   to switch to a video call.
Use VoWiFi to Make Calls
The VoWiFi function enables you to make calls on a Wi-Fi network. You can even make
VoWiFi calls in Airplane mode.
1 This function requires support from your mobile carrier. Contact your carrier to activate
the VoWiFi function.
Apps
106

--- Page 111 ---
2 Go to  Phone >   > Settings > Wi-Fi Calling, then enable Wi-Fi Calling.
Manage Incoming Calls
You can use the call waiting feature to answer incoming calls when you are already engaged
in a previous call. If you cannot answer a call because your device is faulty or the network
signal is poor, you can also set call forwarding to forward calls to another number or device.
Answer or Reject an Incoming Call
If you receive a call when the screen is locked:
• Drag   right to answer the call.
• Drag 
 left to reject the call.
• Touch   to reject the call and reply with an SMS message.
• Touch   to set a callback reminder.
If you receive a call when the screen is unlocked:
• Touch 
 to answer the call.
• Touch 
 to reject the call.
• Touch   to reject the call and reply with an SMS message.
• Touch   to set a callback reminder.
Enable Call Waiting
The Call waiting feature lets you answer incoming calls when a call is already in progress by
placing the rst call on hold.
This feature requires the support of your mobile carrier. For details, contact your carrier.
Go to  Phone >   > Settings. Under the SIM card you wish to enable call waiting on,
go to More > Call waiting.
This feature may vary depending on your carrier.
Answer a New Incoming Call During a Call
1 When you receive an incoming call when you are already engaged in a previous call,
touch   to answer it.
 
Apps
107

--- Page 112 ---
2 Touch   or touch a held call in the call list to switch between the two calls.
Enable Call Forwarding
After the Call forwarding feature is enabled, calls that meet set conditions will be
automatically transferred to a specied phone number.
This feature requires the support of your mobile carrier. For details, contact your carrier.
1 On the Phone screen, go to   > Settings, and touch Call forwarding.
If your phone has two SIM cards, congure separate settings for SIM 1 and SIM 2.
2 Select and enable a forwarding method, then enter and 
conrm the target number.
This feature may vary depending on your carrier.
Disable Call Forwarding
1 On the Phone screen, go to   > Settings, and touch Call forwarding under the SIM
card you wish to disable call forwarding on.
2 Select the forwarding mode that you wish to disable and disable it.
This feature may vary depending on your carrier.
Apps
108

--- Page 113 ---
Filter and Block Spam Calls
Set dierent block rules to block sales, fraud, and other kinds of spam calls.
Filter Spam Calls
1 Go to  Phone >   > Blocked >   and set the block rules.
Alternatively, go to  Optimiser > Blocked >   to set the block rules.
2 Touch Call block rules and toggle on the switches of corresponding block rules.
 
Block Incoming Calls from Specic Numbers
You can block incoming calls from specic numbers using either of the following methods:
• Go to  Phone >   > Blocked >   > Blocklist, touch  , then add the phone
numbers you want to block.
• On the Phone screen, touch the Contacts tab at the bottom, touch the contact you want to
block, then go to   > Block contact.
Apps
109

--- Page 114 ---
Set Whether to Receive Notications for Blocked Calls
Go to  Phone >   > Blocked >   > Receive notications and set whether to receive
notications for blocked calls.
Emergency SOS and Calls
Use Emergency SOS
If you encounter an emergency, you can quickly and secretly send an SOS message to your
emergency contacts.
1 Enable GPS and allow the Emergency SOS feature to access your location.
2 Go to 
Settings > Security > Emergency SOS, enable Also send SOS message, then
set your emergency contacts.
Once you have enabled the Emergency SOS feature, if you encounter an emergency, press
the Power button ve times in quick succession and your device will automatically send a
message with your current location to your emergency contacts.
Once the message is sent, your device will bring up the emergency call screen, from which
you can quickly call an emergency service or one of your emergency contacts.
Make Emergency Calls
In the event of an emergency, you can make emergency calls directly from the lock screen of
your device even if there is no signal.
The emergency call feature is subject to local regulations and individual mobile carriers.
Network issues or other types of interference may lead to emergency calls not working.
1 From the lock screen, access the screen for inputting your password, and touch
Emergency. If you are in an area with a good signal and your device has an Internet
connection, it will automatically obtain your location and display it on the screen.
2 Enter your local emergency number and touch   to call the number. Alternatively,
touch Emergency information and select an emergency contact to call.
Make Operations During a Call
During a call, an in-call menu will be displayed.
 
Apps
110

--- Page 115 ---
• Touch   to enable hands-free mode.
• Touch   to start another call (only available once three-way calling has been activated).
This feature requires the support of your mobile carrier. For details, contact your carrier.
• Touch   to use the dialler.
• During a call, you can hide the call screen and access other apps by returning to the
previous screen or home screen using the current navigation mode.
To return to the call screen, touch the green bar on the left of the status bar.
• Touch 
 to end the call.
Use Voicemail
Divert calls to your voicemail when your device is switched 
o or when there is no cellular
coverage. Callers can leave a voice message which you can listen to later.
This feature requires service support from your mobile carrier. Contact your mobile carrier for
details.
Enable Voicemail
1 Go to  Phone >   > Settings > More.
Apps
111

--- Page 116 ---
If two SIM cards have been inserted into your device, touch More under SIM 1 or SIM 2.
2 Go to Voicemail > Voicemail number, enter the voicemail number obtained from your
carrier, and touch OK.
Listen to a Voicemail Message
Touch and hold the 1 key on the dialler and then enter your voicemail number.
Messaging
Send and Manage Messages
You can send and receive messages that include text, emojis, pictures, audio 
les, and more.
You can also manage your messages in the message list.
 
Apps
112

--- Page 117 ---
Send Messages
1 Open  Messaging and touch  .
2 On the New message screen, enter your message content. Touch   to add other types
of content such as pictures and audio les.
3 In the recipient box, touch  , select contacts or contact groups, then touch  .
To send a group message to those not included in your contacts list, touch anywhere
blank in the recipient box and enter the recipients' phone number. Touch the return key in
the keyboard when you nish entering each of the phone numbers.
4 After nishing editing, touch   to send the message.
Save a Draft Message
From the New message screen, touch 
 to save a draft message.
Cancel Sending a Message
On the Messaging screen, go to   > Settings > Advanced and enable Recall messages.
Within six seconds after the message is sent, you can double-touch the message to cancel
sending it.
View and Reply to Messages
1 On the Messaging screen, select a contact to view your conversation with them.
2 To reply to a message, enter your message content in the text box, then touch 
.
New messages will be displayed in the 
notication panel in the form of banners and you can
touch them there to reply.
Mark Messages as Read
You can use any of the following methods to mark messages as read:
• New messages will be displayed in the notication panel in the form of a banner and you
can mark them as read there.
• On the Messaging screen, swipe left on the message that you want to mark as read, then
touch  .
• On the Messaging screen, go to   > Mark all as read.
Delete a Message
You can delete messages using either of the following methods:
• On the Messaging screen, swipe left the message to be deleted, then touch 
.
Apps
113

--- Page 118 ---
• Touch and hold a message, select multiple messages you wish to delete, then touch  .
Deleted messages cannot be recovered.
Filter and Block Spam Messages
Set dierent block rules, such as your blocklist, to block sales, fraud, and other kinds of spam
messages.
Block Spam Messages
Go to  Messaging >   > Blocked >   and set block rules.
You can also go to 
Optimiser > Blocked >   to set block rules.
Block Messages from Specic Numbers
1 Go to  Messaging >   > Blocked >   > Blocklist.
2 Touch 
 and add the numbers you want to block. SMS and MMS messages sent by
these numbers will all be blocked.
Block Messages Containing Specic Keywords
1 Go to 
Messaging >   > Blocked >   > Keyword blocklist.
2 Touch 
 and add the keywords to be ltered. All messages containing these keywords
will be blocked.
Set Whether to Receive Notications for Blocked Messages
Go to 
Messaging >   > Blocked >   > Receive notications and set whether to
receive notications when messages are blocked.
Calendar
Add and Manage Events
Events help you plan and manage activities in your daily life and work, such as attending
company meetings, arranging social get-togethers, and making credit card repayments. You
can add events and set reminders to help you arrange your schedule in advance.
 
Apps
114

--- Page 119 ---
Create an Event
1 Open  Calendar and touch  .
2 Enter the details of the event, such as the title, location, and start and end times.
3 Touch Add reminder to set the reminder time for the event.
4 Touch   to save the event.
Import Meeting Reminders
1 Go to  Calendar >   > Manage accounts.
2 Touch Add account, then follow the onscreen instructions to add your work emails (from
your Exchange account) to the calendar to see meeting reminders.
Apps
115

--- Page 120 ---
Search for Events
1 On the Calendar screen, touch  .
2 Enter keywords of your event in the search box, such as the title and location.
Share an Event
1 On the Calendar screen, touch an event on the calendar or under the schedule.
2 Touch   and follow the onscreen instructions to share the event using whichever
method you prefer.
Delete Events
You can delete events using the following methods:
• On the Calendar screen, touch the event to be deleted and touch  .
• On the Calendar screen, touch and hold an event, select the events you want to delete,
then touch 
.
Set a Calendar Notication
Set the calendar notication type according to your requirements. You can set status bar
notications, banner notications, sound notications, and more.
You can also change the default reminder time to control when your device will send you a
reminder.
1 Go to  Calendar >   > Settings.
2 In the reminder settings, set Default reminder time and Reminder time for all-day
events.
3 Touch Notications and enable Allow notications. Then follow the onscreen
instructions to set a notication type.
Customise the Calendar View
Set the start day of the week, whether or not to show week numbers, and more in the
calendar view settings.
1 Go to  Calendar >   > Settings.
2 Set the start day of the week, whether or not to show week numbers, and so on.
Set Alternate Calendars
Set the Calendar to display other calendars as well, such as the Chinese lunar calendar or the
Islamic calendar.
Go to 
Calendar >   > Settings > Alternate calendars and select another calendar.
Apps
116

--- Page 121 ---
View National/Regional Holidays
View national/regional holidays in the calendar to help plan your travel.
1 Go to  Calendar >   > Settings > National/Regional holidays.
2 Turn on the switch of a country/region, and your device will automatically download
holiday information for that country/region and display it in the Calendar.
Clock
Alarm
You can set alarms to play a sound or vibrate at 
specic times.
Set an Alarm
1 Go to  Clock > Alarm, touch  , and set a time.
2 Select a sound for the alarm. The sound will play when you select it. You can press the
Volume buttons to adjust its volume.
3 Set the following options according to your preferences:
• Repeat
• Vibrate
• Ring duration
• Snooze duration
• Label
4 When you are 
nished, touch  .
Modify or Delete an Alarm
Touch an existing alarm to modify or delete it.
Snooze an Alarm
If you don't want to get up when an alarm rings, simply touch the snooze button or press the
Power button.
The snooze length is set when creating the alarm.
Turn O an Alarm
When an alarm rings, swipe left or right on the button that appears at the bottom of the
screen to turn it o.
Timer and Stopwatch
You can use the timer to count down from a specied time. You can also use the stopwatch
to measure the duration of an event.
Apps
117

--- Page 122 ---
Timer
Go to  Clock > Timer, set the duration of time, and touch   to start the timer. To stop
it, touch  .
Stopwatch
Go to 
Clock > Stopwatch, and touch   to start the stopwatch. To stop it, touch  .
View the Time in Cities Worldwide
Use Clock to see the local time in dierent time zones around the world.
Go to  Clock > World clock, touch  , and enter the name of a city or select one from
the list of cities.
Display Dual Clocks on the Lock Screen
When you are away from your home time zone, use Dual clocks to display the time of both
your home city and current location on the lock screen.
 
Apps
118

--- Page 123 ---
Go to  Settings > System & updates > Date & time, enable Dual clocks, and set a
Home city. The time of your home city and current location will now both display on the
lock screen.
Only one clock will display on the lock screen if your current location is in the same time
zone as your home city.
Notepad
Manage Your Notepad
You can sort your Notepad items by category and put them into 
dierent folders, delete
unwanted items, and share items with other people.
When viewing a list of items or an individual item in Notepad, touch the status bar at the top
of the screen to quickly return to the rst item or the beginning of the item you are viewing.
Create a Note
You can create notes to record your thoughts and inspirations.
 
1 Go to  Notepad > Notes, then touch  .
Apps
119

--- Page 124 ---
2 Enter the title and content of the note.
3 Touch   to insert a picture into the note as required. Touch and hold the picture, then
drag it to the desired position in the note.
4 If you want to organise your notes for easier access and viewing, touch   to add a tag
to your note after nishing it.
5 Touch 
 to save the note.
Create To-Dos
You can create to-dos with a set time to remind you to complete them.
If you set a time, your device will send you a reminder notication at the specied time.
1 Go to  Notepad > To-dos, then touch  .
2 Enter your to-do.
3 Touch  , set a reminder time, then touch OK.
4 Touch Done.
Sort Notepad Items by Category
Dierent types of notes or to-dos can be sorted by category and displayed in dierent
colours for more convenient viewing.
You can sort notepad items using either of the following methods:
• On the All notes or All to-dos screen, swipe left on an item, touch  , then select a tag.
• Touch and hold a note or to-do, select or drag over the check boxes of the notes or to-dos
you want to categorise under the same tag, then touch 
 to select a tag.
Share Notepad Items
You can share your Notepad items as text les or images.
On the All notes or All to-dos screen, touch the item to be shared, touch  , then follow
the onscreen instructions to share it.
Delete Notepad Items
You can delete notepad items using either of the following method:
• On the All notes or All to-dos screen, swipe left on a note or to-do, then touch 
 to
delete it.
• Touch and hold a note or to-do you want to delete, select or drag over the check boxes of
any other notes or to-dos you want to delete as well, then touch  .
Apps
120

--- Page 125 ---
To restore a deleted Notepad item, touch All notes or All to-dos, select the item you want to
restore in Recently deleted, then touch  .
Recorder
Recorder
 
1 In the Tools folder, open  Recorder, and touch   to start a recording.
2 During a recording, you can touch   to add a tag.
3 When you are 
nished, touch   to stop recording.
4 You can also touch and hold a recording, then share, rename, or delete it.
Recordings are saved under Files > Categories > Internal storage > Sounds.
Play a Recording
Recording 
les are listed on the  Recorder home screen. Touch a recording to play it.
On the recording playback screen, you can:
Apps
121

--- Page 126 ---
• Touch   to skip the muted parts.
• Touch   to adjust the playback speed.
• Touch 
 to add a tag.
• Touch a tag to rename it.
Edit a Recording
1 On the 
Recorder home screen, touch a recording.
2 Touch 
 to display the waveform of the recording.
3 Drag the start and end bars to adjust the clip length. Pinch your ngers on the waveform
to zoom in or out to adjust the clip length more precisely.
4 Touch 
 and select Keep selected part or Delete selected part.
Share Recordings
1 On the  Recorder home screen, touch the recording you want to share to play it.
2 Go to   > Share.
3 Select your preferred sharing method and follow the onscreen instructions to share the
recording.
Email
Add Email Accounts
Add your email account in Email and you can use your device for convenient email access at
any time.
Add a Personal Email Account
1 Open 
Email on your device and select from the available mailbox providers or touch
Other.
2 Enter the email address and password, touch Sign in, and follow the onscreen instructions
to congure the server settings. The system will automatically connect to the server and
check the server settings.
Add an Exchange Account
Microsoft Exchange enables digital messaging within a company. If your company mailbox
uses the Exchange server, you can log in to your company email account on your device.
1 Contact the company email server administrator to obtain the domain name, server
address, port number, and security type.
Apps
122

--- Page 127 ---
2 Open  Email, and select Exchange.
3 Enter the email address, user name, and password.
4 Touch Manual setup. On the Account setup screen, set parameters such as the email
domain name, server address, port number, and security type.
5 Touch Next, then follow the onscreen instructions to complete the conguration. The
system will automatically connect to the server and check the server settings.
Send Emails
Select an email account and write emails to send them to the recipients' email addresses.
Send an Email
1 Open  Email, then touch  .
2 Enter the recipient's email address, or touch   to select a contact or group, then touch
.
3 Add the addresses of any recipients to whom you wish to CC or BCC the email. If you have
more than one email account, you will also need to select the email address you wish to
send the email from.
4 Write the email and enter the subject, then touch  .
Save an Email as a Draft
On the Compose screen, enter the recipient's email address, subject, or email content, and
touch   to save the email as a draft.
Go to Inbox > Show all folders > Drafts to view draft emails.
Reply to an Email
1 On the Inbox screen, open the email you wish to reply to.
2 Touch   to reply to just the email sender, or touch   to reply to everyone on the
thread.
3 After writing your reply, touch  .
Set Encryption for Outgoing Emails
You can encrypt outgoing emails to protect your condential information. Encrypted emails
can be viewed only by recipients who have the required digital certicates, ensuring
information security.
1 Apply for and install a digital certicate.
You need to apply for a digital certicate from a trusted third-party certicate
authority (CA) before installing it. The processing procedure varies between dierent
CAs. For details, refer to the relevant CA website.
Apps
123

--- Page 128 ---
2 From the Inbox screen, go to   > Settings.
3 Touch the account you want to set encryption for, touch Email encryption, then enable
Encrypt outgoing emails.
4 If the certicate has been installed, select Encryption certicate and set Encryption
algorithm according to your preferences.
If no certicate has been installed, enable Send encrypted emails without installing
certicates.
Set Automatic Replies for an Exchange Account
1 Go to  Email >   > Settings.
2 Select the Exchange account you want to set automatic replies for, touch Automatic
replies, and turn on the Automatic replies switch.
3 Set the time or content of the auto reply, then touch Done.
Set Email 
Notications
Set a notication mode for your emails based on your needs.
1 Go to  Email >   > Settings > General > Notications and enable Allow
notications.
2 Select the email account you want to set notications for, turn on the Allow notications
switch, then select a notication mode.
View and Manage Emails
Receive, view and manage your emails in the inbox.
View an Email
1 Open  Email, then swipe down on the Inbox screen to refresh the email list.
If you have multiple email accounts, touch Inbox and select the email account you want
to view.
2 Open an email, then view, reply to, forward, or delete the email.
If you are notied about an important event in an email, touch   > Add to calendar to
import the event into your calendar.
3 Swipe left or right to view the next or previous email.
Organise Emails by Subject
On the Inbox screen, go to   > Settings > General, then enable Organise by subject.
Add an Email Contact to a Group
You can create email groups to communicate more eciently.
1 On the Inbox screen, open an email, and touch Add to group.
2 Choose to add the email sender or recipient to the group, and touch OK.
Apps
124

--- Page 129 ---
3 On the group selection screen, select an existing group, then touch   to save the
contact in the group.
Alternatively, touch Create group, enter the group name, then touch Save.
Once you have created a group, you can select the group from the recipient drop-down list to
send emails to group members.
Sync Emails
After automatic email syncing is enabled, the emails on your device will be automatically
synced with those on the email server.
1 On the Inbox screen, go to   > Settings.
2 Touch the account you wish to sync emails for, then turn on the Sync Email switch.
3 Touch Sync frequency to set the automatic syncing period.
Search for an Email
On the Inbox screen, touch the search box, then enter keywords such as the subject or
content of the email.
Delete Emails
On the Inbox screen, touch and hold the email to be deleted, drag over the check boxes of
any other emails you want to delete, then touch 
.
Manage Email Accounts
You can add multiple email accounts so you can manage them at the same time.
Add Email Accounts
1 Go to  Email >   > Settings > Add account.
2 Select an existing email service provider or touch Other, then follow the onscreen
instructions to add an email account. Repeat for each of the accounts you wish to add.
Switch Between Email Accounts
On the Inbox screen, touch Inbox and select the email account you wish to use.
Change Account Name and Signature
On the Inbox screen, go to   > Settings and select an account. You can then set or change
the Account name, Signature, and Default account.
Log Out of an Email Account
On the Inbox screen, go to 
 > Settings, select an account, and touch Remove account.
Apps
125

--- Page 130 ---
Manage VIP Contacts
Important email contacts can be added as VIP contacts. Emails from VIP contacts will be
automatically stored in the VIP inbox.
Add a VIP Contact
You can add VIP contacts using either of the following methods:
• Go to  Email >   > Settings > VIP contacts. On the VIP list screen, go to Add >
Create or touch Add from contacts, then follow the onscreen instructions.
• Open an email, touch the account name of the sender or receiver, then touch Add to VIP
list.
Delete a VIP Contact
1 Go to  Email >   > Settings > VIP contacts.
2 On the VIP list screen, touch  .
3 Select the VIP contact to be deleted, then touch 
.
Calculator
Calculator
Use the calculator on your device to perform basic mathematical calculations and for
calculating exponential, logarithmic, and trigonometric functions.
Use the Basic Calculator
You can open the calculator using either of the following methods:
• Swipe down from the middle of the home screen to display the search box. Search for
Calculator, and the rst result will be the preinstalled Calculator app.
• Find Calculator in the Tools folder.
• Swipe up from the bottom of the lock screen to display the shortcut panel, then touch 
to open the calculator.
Copy, Delete, or Clear Numbers
• Copy a calculation result: Touch and hold the calculation result, touch Copy, then paste the
result somewhere else, such as in a note or message.
• Delete the last digit: Touch  .
• Clear the display: Touch  . You can also touch   to clear the display after touching
 to complete the calculation.
Apps
126

--- Page 131 ---
Torch
Torch
You can turn on the torch using either of the following methods:
• Swipe down from the status bar to open the 
notication panel, and touch   to turn the
torch on or o.
• Swipe up from the bottom edge of the lock screen to display the shortcut panel, and touch
 to turn the torch on or o.
When turned on, a notication indicating that the torch has been turned on will be displayed
on the lock screen. Touch 
 to turn o the torch.
Compass
Compass
1 You can open Compass using either of the following methods:
• Swipe down from the middle of the home screen to display the search box. Search for
Compass, and the 
rst result will be the preinstalled Compass app.
• Find Compass in the Tools folder.
2 To lock your current direction, touch the compass dial. The scale marks will turn blue if
you go o course.
For accurate bearings, hold your device at or straight up when using Compass.
Mirror
Mirror
When you want to know how you look but don't have a real mirror with you, you can use
your device as a mirror instead.
Go to Tools > Mirror. While using your device as a mirror, you can:
• Zoom in or zoom out: Drag the zoom slider at the bottom. You can also touch the screen
twice to zoom in and touch it twice again to zoom back out.
• Save the image: Touch the screen to pause the current image. Touch the screen again to
resume. When the image is paused, touch   to save the image. You can nd the saved
image in Gallery.
• Adjust mirror brightness: Touch   or   at the top of the screen.
Apps
127

--- Page 132 ---
• Make the mirror brighter: Touch   and enable Blow. Then blow air into the microphone
for the screen to fog up. Wipe the screen to clear the fog.
• Change the mirror frame: Touch   to use a dierent frame.
• Create a broken mirror 
eect: Touch and hold the screen to "break" the mirror, complete
with a sound eect. Touch the screen again to "x" the mirror.
App Twin
App Twin
App Twin enables you to log in to two Facebook accounts simultaneously without the hassle
of having to constantly switch between them, allowing you to keep your work and private
lives separate.
App Twin will only work with certain apps.
1 Go to  Settings > Apps > App Twin, and turn on the switch for the app you want to
create a twin of.
2 Two icons for the same app will display on the home screen for you to log in to your
separate accounts simultaneously.
3 To disable App twin, touch and hold the twinned version of the app, then touch Delete.
All the data of the twin app will be deleted.
Quickly Access Frequently Used App Features
Quickly Access Frequently Used App Features
You can access frequently used features of certain apps from app icons on the home screen,
and even add shortcuts for these features to the home screen.
Quickly Access Frequently Used App Features
 
Apps
128

--- Page 133 ---
Touch and hold an app icon until a pop-up menu is displayed. Then touch a frequently used
feature to access it.
For example, touch and hold the 
 icon, then touch a shooting mode from the pop-up
menu to access it.
If no pop-up menu is displayed after you touch and hold an app icon, the app does not
support this feature.
Add Frequently Used App Features to the Home Screen
Touch and hold an app icon on your home screen to bring up the pop-up menu. Touch and
hold the desired feature and drag it to your home screen to create a shortcut.
Optimizer
Cleanup
You can use Cleanup in Optimiser to scan for redundant or large 
les, such as app residue,
unwanted installation packages, WeChat data, and more. Once detected, you can choose
whether or not to delete les as suggested.
1 Open  Optimiser, then touch Cleanup.
Apps
129

--- Page 134 ---
2 When the scan is complete, touch Clean up after each item and delete any les you don't
need.
Clean Up Duplicate Files
Optimiser can identify duplicate les on your device.
On the Cleanup screen, touch Duplicate les , then select unwanted les to delete them.
Manage Data Usage
Open 
Optimiser, then touch Data usage to view data usage and manage network
access.
 
View and Manage High Data Consumption Apps
1 You can nd out how much data your apps are using in comparison to each other by
going to Data usage this month on the Data usage screen.
2 Touch a high data consumption app to set mobile data, roaming data, or background data
usage limits for it.
Apps
130

--- Page 135 ---
View and Set the Network Access Permission of an App
On the Data usage screen, touch Network access, then change the settings for apps that
consume a large amount of data (such as video streaming apps) so they can only be used
when you are connected to a Wi-Fi network.
Enable or Disable Smart Data Saver
Enable Smart data saver to prevent apps from using mobile data in the background.
1 On the Data usage screen, touch Smart Data Saver, then enable it. The   icon will
then display on the status bar.
2 If you want to allow unrestricted access to data for some apps even when they are
running in the background, toggle on the switches for these apps.
Add Mobile Data Usage Reminders
Add data plans for your SIM cards and usage reminders in Optimiser to keep you informed of
your data consumption.
1 On the data usage screen, go to More data settings > Monthly data limit and follow the
onscreen instructions to add a data plan.
2 On the More data settings screen, touch Usage reminders. From there, you can set
whether a 
notication will be sent or if mobile data will be disabled once the monthly
data limit or roaming data limit has been topped.
3 On the More data settings screen, you can set whether to show data used when the
screen is locked.
Filter and Block Spam Calls
Set dierent block rules to block sales, fraud, and other kinds of spam calls.
Filter Spam Calls
1 Go to  Phone >   > Blocked >   and set the block rules.
Alternatively, go to  Optimiser > Blocked >   to set the block rules.
2 Touch Call block rules and toggle on the switches of corresponding block rules.
 
Apps
131

--- Page 136 ---
Block Incoming Calls from Specic Numbers
You can block incoming calls from specic numbers using either of the following methods:
• Go to 
Phone >   > Blocked >   > Blocklist, touch  , then add the phone
numbers you want to block.
• On the Phone screen, touch the Contacts tab at the bottom, touch the contact you want to
block, then go to   > Block contact.
Set Whether to Receive Notications for Blocked Calls
Go to  Phone >   > Blocked >   > Receive notications and set whether to receive
notications for blocked calls.
Filter and Block Spam Messages
Set dierent block rules, such as your blocklist, to block sales, fraud, and other kinds of spam
messages.
Block Spam Messages
Go to 
Messaging >   > Blocked >   and set block rules.
Apps
132

--- Page 137 ---
You can also go to  Optimiser > Blocked >   to set block rules.
Block Messages from Specic Numbers
1 Go to  Messaging >   > Blocked >   > Blocklist.
2 Touch   and add the numbers you want to block. SMS and MMS messages sent by
these numbers will all be blocked.
Block Messages Containing Specic Keywords
1 Go to  Messaging >   > Blocked >   > Keyword blocklist.
2 Touch   and add the keywords to be ltered. All messages containing these keywords
will be blocked.
Set Whether to Receive Notications for Blocked Messages
Go to  Messaging >   > Blocked >   > Receive notications and set whether to
receive notications when messages are blocked.
One-Touch Optimisation
Use the OPTIMISE feature of Optimiser to keep your device in an optimal state.
 
Apps
133

--- Page 138 ---
1 Open  Optimiser and touch OPTIMISE.
2 Results and recommendations will be displayed once the optimisation is complete.
Phone Clone
Phone Clone
Phone Clone lets you quickly and seamlessly move all the basic data (including contacts,
calendar, images, and videos) from your old device to your new device.
 
Apps
134

--- Page 139 ---
Clone Data from an Android Device
1 On your new device, open 
Phone Clone . Alternatively, go to  Settings > System &
updates > Phone Clone, touch This is the new phone, then touch Huawei or Other
Android.
2 Follow the onscreen instructions to download and install Phone Clone on your old device.
3 On your old device, open 
Phone Clone and touch This is the old phone. Follow the
onscreen instructions to connect your old device with your new device by scanning a code
or connecting manually.
4 On your old device, select the data you want to clone, then touch Transfer to start
cloning.
Phone Clone is only available on devices running Android 4.4 or later.
Clone Data from an iPhone or iPad
1 On your new device, open  Phone Clone. Alternatively, go to  Settings > System &
updates > Phone Clone, touch This is the new phone, then touch iPhone/iPad.
2 Follow the onscreen instructions to download and install Phone Clone on your old device.
Apps
135

--- Page 140 ---
3 On your old device, open  Phone Clone and touch This is the old phone. Follow the
onscreen instructions to connect your old device with your new device by scanning a code
or connecting manually.
4 On your old device, select the data you want to clone, then follow the onscreen
instructions to complete the data cloning.
Phone Clone is only available on devices running iOS 8.0 or later.
HiSuite
Introduction to HiSuite
Huawei HiSuite is a PC-based tool used for managing Huawei smart Android devices
(including phones and tablets).
After you have installed HiSuite on your computer, you can manage data such as your
contacts, messages, pictures, videos, and apps, back up data from and restore data to your
device, and update your device to the latest version.
1 Visit the 
ocial Huawei website on your computer, search for HiSuite, then download and
install the latest version of HiSuite.
2 Use a USB cable to connect your device to the computer. When a dialog box entitled Use
USB to appears on your device, select Transfer 
les.
3 On the computer, open HiSuite, set the connection mode to USB cable. Then follow the
onscreen instructions to establish a connection between your device and computer.
Back Up and Restore Data Using HiSuite
After installing HiSuite on your computer and connecting your computer with your device,
you can use HiSuite to back up data (such as contacts, messages, call logs, photos, videos,
audio les, and documents) from your device to your computer. You can also restore data on
your device from your computer.
Back Up Data to a Computer
1 On the HiSuite home page, click Back Up.
2 Select the items you want to back up.
3 Click Back Up, follow the onscreen instructions to set the password and password hint,
and conrm the settings.
Backup data won't be able to restore if you forget the password.
4 HiSuite will then back up the data you selected. Keep the USB cable connected when the
data is being backed up.
5 Click Done when all data has been backed up.
Backup data is saved under C:\Users\
User name
\Documents\Hisuite\backup on the
computer by default. To change the backup directory on the computer, go to   > Settings
> Backup.
Apps
136

--- Page 141 ---
Restore Data
1 On the HiSuite home page, click Restore.
2 Click Backup Files, select the items you want to restore to your device, then click Restore.
3 Enter the password for the backup data and click OK.
4 HiSuite will then restore the items you have selected. Keep the USB cable connected
when the data is being restored.
5 Click Done when all data has been restored successfully.
Update or Restore the System Using HiSuite
After installing HiSuite on your computer and connecting your computer with your device,
you can use HiSuite to update the system of your device.
Update the System
• Your personal data may be erased during a system update. It is recommended that you
back up your data before updating your device.
• Ensure that your device is at least 20% charged and keep the USB cable connected
throughout the update process. Do not power o or restart your device, or remove or
insert a memory card.
• Some third-party apps, such as online banking and game apps, may not be compatible
with the latest system version. It might take some time for the app developers to
launch a compatible app version.
On the HiSuite home page, click Update. If a new version is detected, the version number
will be displayed and you can click the version number to start updating the system.
Once the update is completed, your device will automatically restart.
Tips
Tips
Tips provides you with an abundance of information so you can quickly familiarise
yourself with your device and make the best use of it. In Tips, you can also nd a full set of
user guides for more detailed instructions.
• Vividly depicted cards: Browse through the easy-to-read cards with a short clip or image to
quickly get to grips with all the most useful features on your device. The cards are
categorised so you can jump directly to a category you are interested in.
• Recommended features: The Recommended section is packed with featured articles and
posters arranged by usage scenario to help acquaint you with the more popular features.
• User guides: Find detailed instructions in the comprehensive user guides.
Apps
137

--- Page 142 ---
• Try out features: A TRY NOW button is available in certain cards for you to try out the
feature immediately.
• Search: Find what you're looking for by searching for it in the search bar of Tips. The search
results will also include related topics you may want to know about.
Apps
138

--- Page 143 ---
Settings
Search for Items in Settings
Search for Items in Settings
Tired of trudging through layers of settings? Just search for them using the search box.
 
• Swipe down from the middle of the screen to display the search box. Enter the name of a
setting to obtain search results.
• Open 
Settings, and enter the name of a setting in the search box at the top of the
screen, to obtain search results.
Wi-Fi
Connect to a Wi-Fi Network
Connecting to the Internet over Wi-Fi is an 
eective way to save mobile data. You can also
enable Wi-Fi security monitoring to avoid risky hotspots and ensure safe Internet access.
139

--- Page 144 ---
Connect to a Wi-Fi Network
Be extra careful when connecting to a free public Wi-Fi hotspot to avoid security risks
and economic loss resulting from the leakage of your personal data.
1 Go to  Settings > Wi-Fi, and enable Wi-Fi.
2 Connect to a Wi-Fi network on the Wi-Fi screen using either of the following methods:
• Select a Wi-Fi network to connect to under Available networks. A password is
required for encrypted networks.
• To manually add a Wi-Fi network, scroll down to the bottom of the screen, touch Add
network, and enter the SSID and password as prompted to complete the connection.
The   icon displayed on the status bar indicates that the device is connected to Wi-Fi.
Wi-Fi Direct
You can use Wi-Fi Direct to transfer data between Huawei devices. Wi-Fi Direct can transfer
bigger les more quickly than Bluetooth, without having to pair the devices.
1 On the receiving device, go to 
Settings > Wi-Fi and enable Wi-Fi.
2 Go to More settings > Wi-Fi Direct to start searching for nearby devices that have Wi-Fi
Direct enabled.
3 On the sending device, touch and hold to select the les you want to share, touch  ,
and select Wi-Fi Direct.
These steps may be dierent if you are sharing les directly from an app.
4 Touch the icon of the receiving device to establish a connection, then share the les.
5 On the receiving device, accept the Wi-Fi Direct transfer request.
To view the received les, open Files, then go to Internal storage > Wi-Fi Direct on the
Categories tab.
Wi-Fi+
When Wi-Fi+ is enabled, if your device detects a Wi-Fi network that it has previously
connected to or is free, it will automatically enable Wi-Fi and connect to the network. Your
device will also evaluate the quality of the current Wi-Fi network and switch to mobile data if
the Wi-Fi signal is poor.
1 Go to  Settings > Wi-Fi.
2 Touch More settings and enable or disable Wi-Fi+.
Bluetooth
Settings
140

--- Page 145 ---
Bluetooth Basics
You can connect your device to Bluetooth headsets, speakers, and car kits. You can also use
Bluetooth to share data between your device and other devices.
Make sure your device is within 10 m (about 33 ft.) of other Bluetooth devices.
Enable or Disable Bluetooth
You can enable or disable Bluetooth in either of the following ways:
• Swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel, then touch   to enable
or disable Bluetooth. Touch and hold the switch to enter the Bluetooth settings screen.
• Go to  Settings > Bluetooth, then enable or disable Bluetooth.
Set a Bluetooth Name
Set a Bluetooth name for your device to easily identify it during connection.
1 On the Bluetooth settings screen, toggle the Bluetooth switch on.
2 Touch Device name, enter a name, then touch OK.
Pair with a Bluetooth Device
1 Enable Bluetooth on the target device and set it to discoverable. For detailed instructions,
refer to the device's user guide.
2 From your device, access the Bluetooth settings screen, and enable Bluetooth to have
your device automatically search for nearby Bluetooth devices.
3 From the list of Available devices, select the one you want to pair your device with, and
follow the onscreen instructions to complete pairing.
On the Bluetooth settings screen, touch   to view tips for connecting various Bluetooth
devices.
Transfer Files via Bluetooth
You can use Bluetooth to transfer videos, pictures, contacts, and more to another device
provided that both devices are within the eective Bluetooth range.
1 Pair the sending and recipient devices via Bluetooth.
2 On the sending device, touch and hold a 
le, select the les you want to share, touch  ,
and select Bluetooth.
Operations may vary if you are sharing les from apps directly.
3 Touch the Bluetooth name of the recipient device to start sharing.
4 On the recipient device, accept the Bluetooth transfer request.
Unpair a Bluetooth Device
1 On the Bluetooth settings screen, enable the Bluetooth switch.
Settings
141

--- Page 146 ---
2 In the list of Paired devices, touch   next to the name of the device you wish to unpair,
then touch Unpair.
Mobile Data
Connect to Mobile Data
1 Make sure that mobile data is available on your SIM card.
2 Connect to mobile data using either of the following methods:
• Swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel, then swipe down
further to show all shortcut switches. Touch   to enable Mobile data.
• Go to  Settings > Mobile network > Mobile data and enable Mobile data.
To conserve battery power and reduce data usage, disable the mobile data service when you
don't need it.
Enable 5G
• 5G is only available in some countries and regions.
• Not all devices support 5G.
5G refers to the fth generation of mobile communications technology. Compared with a 4G
network, a 5G network has a higher data transmission rate and a shorter delay.
When two SIM cards are inserted, only the default mobile data SIM will support 5G, while
the other will only support 4G/3G/2G.
1 5G service depends on the support of your carrier's network and its deployment of
relevant services. Please contact your carrier to activate the 5G service.
2 If your device has two SIM cards inserted, go to  Settings > Mobile network > SIM
management and set SIM 1 or SIM 2 as the default mobile data SIM.
3 Go to  Settings > Mobile network > Mobile data and enable 5G for the default
mobile data SIM.
5G service may be unavailable in certain areas due to frequency interference in the carrier
network.
Manage SIM Cards
You can enable or disable SIM cards and name them for easier identication.
Enable or Disable a SIM Card
Go to  Settings > Mobile network > SIM management, and turn on or o the switch for
SIM 1 or SIM 2 according to your preferences.
Settings
142

--- Page 147 ---
Once disabled, a SIM card cannot be used for calling, messaging, or accessing the Internet.
Name Your SIM Card
You can name your SIM cards for easier identication and management. For example, you
could mark one SIM card as "Work" and the other as "Personal".
Go to  Settings > Mobile network > SIM management and touch   to edit the SIM
card name.
Congure Dual SIM Settings
If your device has two SIM cards inserted, you can set one as the default mobile data SIM
and the other as the default calling SIM, or set call forwarding between the two SIM cards.
This feature applies to dual-SIM devices only.
Set a Default Mobile Data and a Default Calling SIM
Go to 
Settings > Mobile network > SIM management and set SIM 1 or SIM 2 as the
default mobile data or default calling SIM.
Enable Call Forwarding Between SIMs
After enabling call forwarding between two SIM cards, incoming calls to an unavailable SIM
card will be forwarded to the other one.
This feature requires the support of your mobile carrier. For details, contact your carrier.
1 Go to  Settings > Mobile network > SIM management > Call forwarding between
SIMs.
2 Select a call forwarding mode and turn on the corresponding switch.
Call forwarding between SIMs is enabled when both switches are on.
eSIM
Embedded-SIM (eSIM) is a virtual SIM card that can be used instead of a physical SIM card.
An eSIM card works in the same way as a physical SIM card, but occupies much less space
and can be linked with multiple card numbers. You are free to switch between carriers to nd
the best deal for you.
• This feature may vary depending on your carrier.
• This feature is only available in some countries and regions.
• This feature may vary by device.
Apply for an eSIM Card
Contact your carrier to apply for an eSIM card.
You need to provide the embedded-SIM ID (EID) information when applying for the eSIM
card. This information is related to whether your device has a built-in eSIM smart chipset. To
Settings
143

--- Page 148 ---
view the EID information, go to  Settings > About phone > Show EID. If the EID
information is not displayed, it indicates that this feature is not supported on your device.
• You can apply for multiple eSIM cards, the maximum number of which is determined
by the eSIM chipset capacity of your device. When the maximum number is reached,
you will see a prompt on your device indicating that you cannot add an eSIM card.
• Only one eSIM card can be used at a time.
Adding an eSIM card
1 Go to 
Settings > Mobile network > SIM management.
If your device is a single-SIM device, there are still two options displayed on the
screen: SIM 1 and SIM 2.
The eSIM card is installed in the SIM 2 slot by default.
If your device is a dual-SIM device and a physical SIM card is already inserted in slot 2,
SIM 2 will be disabled when you add an eSIM card. Inserting or removing SIM 2 will
not aect the eSIM services.
2 Go to SIM 2 > Add eSIM.
Perform either of the following operations:
• Scan the QR code: After you apply for an eSIM card number, the carrier will provide a QR
code. After you scan the QR code, your device will download and install the 
conguration
le and the new eSIM card will be enabled by default.
• Scan the image: If you cannot use the camera to scan the QR code provided by the carrier
(for example, when you are applying for an eSIM card through the carrier's app), perform
the following operations:
1 Save the QR code provided by the carrier as an image.
2 Touch Select from Gallery and select the QR code provided by your carrier. Your device
will automatically identify the QR code and download and install the 
conguration le.
• Enter the activation code: Touch Enter manually. Follow the onscreen instructions to enter
the activation code provided by your carrier.
Enabling the eSIM card
Enable an eSIM card if you want to use it again.
On the SIM management screen, touch SIM 2. Enable the eSIM card as prompted.
Disabling an eSIM card
If you do not want to use an eSIM card or want to switch to another eSIM card, you can
disable it easily.
After an account is disabled, you cannot use the account to communicate with others.
However, the monthly fee will not be suspended or stopped. After the eSIM card is disabled,
the eSIM card information is still in the eSIM list and you can enable the eSIM card again.
Settings
144

--- Page 149 ---
On the SIM management screen, touch SIM 2. Disable the eSIM card as prompted.
If you want to switch SIM2 to a physical card, touch Removable SIM. Your device will
automatically disable the eSIM card.
Some eSIM cards cannot be disabled after being enabled. For details, contact your carrier.
Naming the eSIM card
You can give dierent names to eSIM cards that are used for dierent purposes. For example,
"Business" or "Personal".
On the SIM management screen, touch SIM 2. Follow the onscreen instructions to edit the
name or number of the eSIM card.
Deleting an eSIM card number
You can delete an eSIM card that is no longer being used. The deleted eSIM card cannot be
restored and will not be displayed in the eSIM list.
Disable the eSIM card before deleting it.
On the SIM management screen, touch Reset apps. Follow the onscreen instructions to
delete the eSIM card.
• Some card numbers cannot be deleted. For details, contact your carrier.
• The account number cannot be restored after being deleted. You need to contact your
carrier to register an account again. (Whether the original number can be retained
depends on the carrier.)
• Deleting a card number does not mean that you have canceled the contract with the
carrier. The carrier will continue to charge for the card number. To stop charges being
incurred, contact your carrier to deregister your account.
Restoring the eSIM Card to Its Factory Settings
• If you select Reset but keep eSIMs when restoring your device to its factory settings, the
eSIM card can still be used after the device is powered on again.
• If you select Reset, the information about the eSIM card will be deleted. Deleting a card
number does not mean that you have cancelled the contract with the carrier. The carrier
will continue to charge for the card number. To stop charges being incurred, contact your
carrier to deregister your account. If you still want to use the eSIM card, you can contact
your carrier to download the eSIM card information again.
eSIM card information is your personal data. Please look after it carefully.
Personal Hotspot
Once Personal hotspot has been enabled, you can share your mobile data or the Wi-Fi
network your device is currently connected to with other devices.
Settings
145

--- Page 150 ---
Share Your Network Connection via Personal Hotspot
1 Go to  Settings > Mobile network > Personal hotspot.
2 Set Device name and Password.
3 Enable Personal hotspot and your device will share your mobile data or the Wi-Fi
network you are currently connected to with other devices.
4 In the case of a Wi-Fi network, you can set the AP frequency band of the Wi-Fi hotspot.
Go to More > AP band and touch 2.4 GHz or 5 GHz.
5 In the case of mobile data, you can set a mobile data limit for a single session. Go to
More > Data limit and set the limit.
When this limit has been reached, your device will automatically disable the hotspot.
Share Your Network Connection via Bluetooth
1 Go to  Settings > Bluetooth, enable Bluetooth, select a device, then follow the
onscreen instructions to complete pairing.
2 Go to  Settings > Mobile network > Personal hotspot > More, and enable Bluetooth
tethering.
3 On the Bluetooth settings screen of the paired device, touch   next to your device
name, then enable Internet access to establish an Internet connection and share your
network connection.
Share Your Network Connection via USB
1 Use a USB cable to connect your device to a computer.
2 On your device, go to 
Settings > Mobile network > Personal hotspot > More and
enable USB tethering to share your mobile data or Wi-Fi network.
Use VoLTE to Make Calls
Voice over LTE (VoLTE) is an IP-based data transmission technology that delivers both call
and data services over a 4G network.
Once VoLTE is enabled, you can make a call while accessing the Internet. If your device
supports dual SIM dual VoLTE, you can receive an incoming call on a SIM card while the
other SIM card is being used for a call.
VoLTE also provides you with a faster call connection time and higher quality voice and video
calls.
Enable VoLTE
1 Contact your mobile carrier to activate the 4G and VoLTE functions for your SIM card. If
both the primary and secondary SIM card trays of a dual-SIM device support 4G and
VoLTE, 4G and VoLTE can be enabled for both SIM cards.
Settings
146

--- Page 151 ---
2 Go to  Settings > Mobile network > Mobile data. In the network settings area of SIM
1 or SIM 2, turn on the VoLTE calls switch.
• This feature may vary depending on your carrier.
• The 4G network is used as an example here. If your device supports 5G, the operations
are the same.
• 5G is only available in some countries and regions.
Make a Video Call
Video calls are only possible when both parties are using VoLTE-activated devices.
1 Open  Phone, touch the Contacts tab at the bottom of the screen, then select the
contact you want to call.
2 Touch   to make a video call.
During a voice call, you can also touch   to switch to a video call.
Manage Data Usage
Open  Optimiser, then touch Data usage to view data usage and manage network
access.
 
Settings
147

--- Page 152 ---
View and Manage High Data Consumption Apps
1 You can nd out how much data your apps are using in comparison to each other by
going to Data usage this month on the Data usage screen.
2 Touch a high data consumption app to set mobile data, roaming data, or background data
usage limits for it.
View and Set the Network Access Permission of an App
On the Data usage screen, touch Network access, then change the settings for apps that
consume a large amount of data (such as video streaming apps) so they can only be used
when you are connected to a Wi-Fi network.
Enable or Disable Smart Data Saver
Enable Smart data saver to prevent apps from using mobile data in the background.
1 On the Data usage screen, touch Smart Data Saver, then enable it. The   icon will
then display on the status bar.
2 If you want to allow unrestricted access to data for some apps even when they are
running in the background, toggle on the switches for these apps.
Settings
148

--- Page 153 ---
Add Mobile Data Usage Reminders
Add data plans for your SIM cards and usage reminders in Optimiser to keep you informed of
your data consumption.
1 On the data usage screen, go to More data settings > Monthly data limit and follow the
onscreen instructions to add a data plan.
2 On the More data settings screen, touch Usage reminders. From there, you can set
whether a 
notication will be sent or if mobile data will be disabled once the monthly
data limit or roaming data limit has been topped.
3 On the More data settings screen, you can set whether to show data used when the
screen is locked.
Enable Data Roaming
Once you have activated the international roaming service, you can enable this feature to use
mobile data when traveling in a dierent country or region.
• This feature requires the support of your mobile carrier. For details, contact your carrier.
• Charges may apply when using the international roaming service. For details about
how data roaming fees are charged, contact your carrier.
Go to  Settings > Mobile network > Mobile data. Under the SIM card for which you
wish to enable the data roaming feature, enable Data roaming.
More Connections
Airplane Mode
When taking a 
ight, you can enable Airplane mode if required to do so by the airline. In
Airplane mode, your device will not be able to make calls, send or receive SMS messages, or
use mobile data, but all other functions will be available.
You can enable or disable Airplane mode using either of the following methods:
• Swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel, then swipe down again to
display all shortcuts. Touch   to enable or disable Airplane mode.
• Go to  Settings > Mobile network, and enable or disable Airplane mode.
When Airplane mode is enabled, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth will automatically be disabled. You can
re-enable them if allowed to do so by the airline.
NFC
Near Field Communication (NFC) is a short-range wireless communications technology that
allows mobile and other electronic devices to connect in countless ways.
Settings
149

--- Page 154 ---
Enable Read and write/P2P on the NFC settings screen if available. This feature may
vary depending on your carrier.
 
Enable or Disable NFC
You can enable or disable NFC as follows:
• Swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel, then swipe down further to
show all shortcut switches. Touch   to enable or disable NFC. Touch and hold the switch
to enter the NFC settings screen.
• Go to 
Settings > More connections > NFC, and toggle the NFC switch on or o.
Make Quick Payments with NFC
If you have installed a payment app (such as Alipay or WeChat) on your device and enabled
the payment service, you can make payments with NFC.
1 Go to  Settings > More connections > NFC, and enable NFC.
2 Touch Default app on the NFC settings screen, then select a default payment app, like
WeChat.
3 Enable NFC payments in the payment app. For example, in WeChat, go to Me > Settings
> General and enable NFC.
4 Hold the NFC sensor (located near the rear camera) of your device against that of a POS
terminal to enter the payment screen automatically. Complete the payment with a
password or ngerprint.
Settings
150

--- Page 155 ---
Wireless Projection
You can connect your device to an external display (for example, a TV) wirelessly.
 
1 Based on the model and functions of your external display, do the following:
• If the external display supports Miracast, enable wireless projection on it.
• If not, use a wireless HDMI adapter to connect your device and external display. Ensure
that the wireless HDMI adapter is connected to a power supply.
To check whether your external display supports Miracast and how to enable wireless
projection on it, consult the user guide or customer service of the external display
manufacturer.
2 Swipe down from the status bar to open the 
notication panel, then touch   to turn on
Wi-Fi.
3 Swipe down further on the 
notication panel to enable Wireless Projection. Your device
will now search for the external display or the wireless HDMI adapter.
Alternatively, go to 
Settings > More connections > Easy Projection and enable
Wireless Projection.
4 Touch the name of the external display or the wireless HDMI adapter on the search result
list to start projecting.
Settings
151

--- Page 156 ---
Wired Projection
You can connect your device to an external display (for example, a TV) using a wired
connection.
It is recommended that you purchase the accessories recommended or specied by Huawei
from authorised sources.
Projection Using a Type-C Cable
1 Prepare a Type-C cable.
Use a Type-C to HDMI, Type-C to DP, or Type-C to MiniDP cable depending on your
external display.
 
2 Connect the Type-C end to your device and the other end to the external display.
 
3 On the external display, set the corresponding HDMI, DP, or MiniDP input as the signal
source.
Projection Using a Docking Station
If you need to connect your device to an external display and use a wired mouse and
keyboard, use a docking station with a USB port.
Settings
152

--- Page 157 ---
1 Prepare a docking station.
Multiple types of ports are available on a docking station. If your external display supports
HDMI and you need to use a wired mouse and keyboard, use a docking station with at
least one HDMI port and two USB ports.
 
2 Connect your device and the external display through the docking station, then connect
the wired mouse and keyboard to the docking station.
 
3 On the external display, set the corresponding HDMI, DP, or MiniDP input as the signal
source.
Huawei Beam
You can hold the NFC sensors of two Huawei devices against each other to quickly transfer
data between them, without the need to pair the devices or even having to touch to conrm.
Settings
153

--- Page 158 ---
Enable Read and write/P2P on the NFC settings screen if available. This feature may
vary depending on your carrier.
1 Go to  Settings > More connections and enable NFC and Huawei Beam on the
devices of both the sender and recipient.
2 On the sending device, touch and hold a le, select the les you want to share, touch  ,
and select Huawei Beam.
Operations may vary if you are sharing les from apps directly.
3 Keep the two devices unlocked and the screen turned on, then hold the NFC sensors
(located around the rear camera) of the two devices together until a beep is heard and
the sharing screen shrinks, which indicates that the connection was successful and the
les have started transferring.
Once the transfer has started, you can separate the two devices slightly, but keep
them within 10 cm (4 in.) of each other.
Huawei Share
Huawei Share is a wireless sharing technology that allows you to quickly transfer images,
videos, documents, and other types of 
les between devices. This technology uses Bluetooth
to discover nearby devices that supports Huawei Share and Wi-Fi Direct to transfer les
without using mobile data.
Enable or Disable Huawei Share
You can enable or disable Huawei Share in either of the following ways:
• Swipe down from the status bar to open the 
notication panel, then touch   to enable
or disable Huawei Share. Touch and hold the toggle to enter the Huawei Share settings
screen.
• Go to  Settings > More connections > Huawei Share, and enable or disable Huawei
Share.
Enabling Huawei Share automatically turns on Wi-Fi and Bluetooth.
Quickly Share Files Between Your Devices with Huawei Share
You can use Huawei Share to quickly share les between Huawei devices. The recipient can
preview the les before they are sent, then view the full content of the les once they have
been received. For example, the recipient can view received pictures or videos in Gallery.
 
Settings
154

--- Page 159 ---
1 On the receiving device, enable Huawei Share.
2 On the sending device, touch and hold to select the les you want to share, then touch
. Touch Huawei Share, then touch the icon of the receiving device to send the les.
These steps may be dierent if you are sharing les directly from an app.
3 On the receiving device, touch Accept to accept the transfer.
To view the received 
les, go to Files, then go to Internal storage > Huawei Share on the
Categories tab.
Received pictures or videos can also be found in  Gallery > Albums > Huawei Share.
Share Files Between Your Device and Computer with Huawei Share
You can use Huawei Share to quickly and easily share les wirelessly between your device
and a computer (Windows or macOS).
 
Settings
155

--- Page 160 ---
1 Make sure your device and computer are connected to the same Wi-Fi network.
2 On your device, go to the Huawei Share settings screen and enable Huawei Share and
Computer Share.
3 Make a note of the name displayed next to Name shown on computers and the user
name and password under Verication.
4 On the computer, go to:
• Windows: This PC (Computer) > Network.
• macOS: Finder > Go to > Network.
Currently, this feature is only available on Macs running macOS 10.8 to 10.14.
5 On your computer, double-click the name of your device and enter the user name and
password noted down previously.
6 Open a shared folder on your device, such as the Internal storage or Album folder to view,
edit, or copy 
les from your device to your computer or vice versa.
Changes made to les in the shared folders on your computer will be automatically
synced to your device and vice versa.
One-Touch Printing with Huawei Share
When a printer that supports Huawei Share is nearby, you can use Huawei Share to nd the
printer and print out pictures or PDF les stored on your device.
Settings
156

--- Page 161 ---
1 Depending on the type of printer, ensure the following:
• Wi-Fi capable printers: The printer must be powered on and connected to the same
network as your device.
• Wi-Fi Direct capable printers: The printer must be powered on and have Wi-Fi Direct
enabled.
• Bluetooth capable printers: The printer must be powered on and discoverable via
Bluetooth.
2 On your device, preview the le to be printed, then go to Share > Huawei Share.
3 Once the printer has been discovered, touch its name on your device, and adjust the
settings on the preview screen. Then, touch PRINT to print.
If you are connecting a Bluetooth printer to your device for the rst time, nd the printer
on your device, touch the printer name, then press and hold the Power button on the
printer for about 1 second to conrm the connection.
For a list of supported printers, touch Help on the Huawei Share sharing screen, select
Printers, then touch What printers are supported?.
Settings
157

--- Page 162 ---
Connect to a Laptop Using a USB Cable
1 Connect your device to a computer with a USB cable. After the driver is automatically
installed on the computer, a drive letter corresponding to your device will be displayed.
2 On your device, swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel, go to
Settings > Touch for more options, and select one of the following modes:
• Transfer photos: Uses the Picture Transfer Protocol (PTP) to transfer photos between
your device and computer. In the new drive on the computer, you can view photos
stored on your device, or copy and paste photos between the two devices.
• Transfer les: Uses the Media Transfer Protocol (MTP) to transfer media les between
your device and computer. In the new drive on the computer, you can view les stored
on your device, or copy and paste les between the two devices.
Install Windows Media Player 11 or later on your computer to view media les on
your device.
• Input MIDI: Uses the Musical Instrument Digital Interface (MIDI) to use your device as
an audio input device to play music on your computer.
Printing
Connect your device to a Mopria-certied printer via Wi-Fi, and then you will be able to print
images and documents from your device.
Connect Your Device to a Printer
1 Check the printer manual or consult with its manufacturer to verify that it is Mopria-
certied.
If it is not, consult with its manufacturer to install the corresponding app or plug-in for it
on your device.
2 Connect your device and the printer to the same Wi-Fi network using any of the following
methods:
• Connect to a router: Enable Wi-Fi on the printer and connect it to the router. On your
device, enable Wi-Fi, connect to the same router, then follow the onscreen instructions
to 
nish conguring the settings.
• Use Wi-Fi Direct: If your printer supports Wi-Fi Direct, follow the instructions in the
printer manual to enable this feature. On your device, enable Wi-Fi Direct, then touch
the printer to establish the connection.
• Connect to your printer's hotspot: If your printer can double as a Wi-Fi hotspot, follow
the instructions in the printer manual to enable the hotspot and set a password. On
your device, enable Wi-Fi, touch the printer's hotspot, then follow the onscreen
instructions to nish conguring the settings.
3 Go to 
Settings > More connections > Printing > Default Print Service, and enable
Default Print Service.
Settings
158

--- Page 163 ---
4 Select the printer from the search results and follow the onscreen instructions to add the
printer.
Print Files
To print les in Gallery and Notepad, do the following:
• Print an image: Open 
Gallery. Open the image you want to print, go to More > Print
or export to PDF, select the printer, then follow the onscreen instructions to complete the
printing.
• Print a note: Open  Notepad. Open the note you want to print, touch Print, then follow
the onscreen instructions to complete the printing.
Connect to a VPN Network
A virtual private network (VPN) is a temporary connection that extends a private network
across a public network, encrypting data transmission to provide security.
When working outside the oce, you can use a VPN to securely access your company's
Intranet.
The following types of servers are supported:
• PPTP: It stands for Point-to-Point Tunneling Protocol, oering MPPE encryption.
• L2TP: It stands for Layer 2 (Data Link Layer) Tunneling Protocol, oering IPSec PSK and
IPSec RSA encryption.
• IPSec Xauth: Oering PSK, RSA, and Hybrid RSA encryption.
Connect to a PPTP Server
1 Obtain the VPN server name and address from your VPN server administrator.
2 Go to  Settings > More connections > VPN > Add VPN network, enter the VPN
name, set the server type to PPTP, then enter the server address.
3 If the VPN server does not have a DNS address, touch Show advanced options, then
enter the DNS domain, DNS server address, and forwarding route.
4 Touch Save.
5 Touch the VPN you have just set up, enter your VPN user name and password, then touch
Connect.
Connect to a L2TP/IPSec PSK Server
1 Obtain the VPN server name, server address, L2TP key (optional), IPSec 
identier
(optional), and IPSec pre-shared key from your VPN server administrator.
2 Go to  Settings > More connections > VPN > Add VPN network, enter the VPN
server name, set the server type to L2TP/IPSec PSK, then enter the server address, L2TP
key, IPsec identier, and IPsec pre-shared key.
Settings
159

--- Page 164 ---
3 If the VPN server does not have a DNS address, touch Show advanced options and enter
the DNS domain, DNS server address, and forwarding route.
4 Touch Save.
5 Touch the VPN you have just set up, enter your VPN user name and password, then touch
Connect.
Home Screen&Wallpaper
Manage the Home Screen
You can customise the home screen layout to suit your device usage habits.
Move an App Icon on the Home Screen
Touch and hold an app icon until your device vibrates, then drag it to the desired position on
the home screen.
Keep Home Screen Icons Aligned
Pinch two 
ngers on the home screen to access Home screen settings mode, then enable
Auto-align. With this feature enabled, empty spaces will automatically be lled when apps
are removed.
Lock Home Screen Icon Positions
Pinch two ngers on the home screen to access Home screen settings mode, then enable
Lock layout.
Select the Home Screen Layout Pattern
Pinch two ngers on the home screen, go to Home screen settings > Layout, then select a
layout pattern you prefer.
Put App Icons in Folders
For easy management of your app icons on the home screen, you can stack similar apps in a
folder and name the folder.
1 Touch and hold an app icon until your device vibrates, then drag it over another app. A
folder will automatically be created to house these two apps.
2 Open a folder, touch its name, then enter a name for it.
Add App Icons to a Folder or Remove Them
Open a folder and touch  . Then you can:
• Select one or more apps, and touch OK to add them to the folder.
• Deselect one or more apps, and touch OK to remove them from the folder. If you deselect
all apps, the folder will be deleted.
Settings
160

--- Page 165 ---
App Drawer
You can put your apps in a drawer and display only frequently used apps on your home
screen to streamline your home screen.
 
Enable App Drawer
Go to 
Settings > Home screen & wallpaper > Home screen style, and select Drawer.
Once enabled, you can swipe up on the home screen to access all of your apps in the drawer.
Add Apps in the Drawer to the Home Screen
In Drawer mode, you can swipe up on the home screen to display the App Drawer. Touch and
hold the app you want to add until your device vibrates, then drag it to the desired position
on the home screen.
Move Apps Back to the Drawer
Touch and hold an app icon until your device vibrates, then touch Remove. This operation
will only remove the app icon from your home screen but will not uninstall it.
You can still nd it in the app drawer.
Settings
161

--- Page 166 ---
Disable the Drawer Style
To disable the drawer style, set Home screen style to Standard.
Display&Brightness
Brightness, Colour, and Colour Temperature
You can set the screen brightness, colour mode, and colour temperature according to your
preferences.
Automatically Adjust the Screen Brightness
Go to 
Settings > Display & brightness, and enable Automatic.
Your device will automatically adjust the screen brightness according to the ambient lighting
conditions.
Manually Adjust the Screen Brightness
You can manually adjust the screen brightness using either of the following methods:
• Swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel. In the   section, drag the
slider to adjust the screen brightness.
• Go to 
Settings > Display & brightness. In the   section, drag the slider to adjust the
screen brightness.
Adjust the Colour Mode
Go to  Settings > Display & brightness > Colour mode & temperature, and select the
colour mode that you prefer. Normal mode will be easier on your eyes and is therefore
recommended.
• Normal: natural colour tones
• Vivid: vivid colour tones
Adjust the Colour Temperature
Go to 
Settings > Display & brightness > Colour mode & temperature, and select the
colour temperature that you prefer. Default and Warm will be easier on your eyes and are
therefore recommended.
• Default: a natural tint
• Warm: a yellowish tint
• Cool: a whitish tint
• You can touch anywhere on the colour circle or drag the spot to adjust the colour
temperature.
Settings
162

--- Page 167 ---
Eye Comfort Mode
Eye comfort mode can eectively reduce blue light and adjust the screen to show warmer
colours, relieving eye fatigue and protecting your eyesight.
• After every half hour of screen time, rest your eyes for at least 10 minutes.
• Look into the distance to adjust the focusing muscles of your eyes and to avoid eye
fatigue.
• Cultivating good eye care habits will protect your vision and prevent near-sightedness.
Enable or Disable Eye Comfort Mode
• Swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel, then swipe down on it
again to show all shortcuts. Touch   to enable or disable Eye Comfort. Touch and hold
 to access the Eye Comfort settings screen.
• Go to  Settings > Display & brightness > Eye Comfort, and enable or disable Enable
all day.
Once Eye Comfort is enabled, 
 will be displayed in the status bar, and the screen will
take on a yellow tint as a result of emitting less blue light.
Set a Schedule for Eye Comfort Mode
Go to  Settings > Display & brightness > Eye Comfort, enable Scheduled, then set Start
and End according to your preferences.
Enable or Disable Flicker Reduction
Go to  Settings > Display & brightness > Eye Comfort, and enable or disable Flicker
reduction.
Enabling Flicker reduction will reduce the amount your screen ickers, but may also aect
its colour and brightness.
Customise Eye Comfort Mode
Go to 
Settings > Display & brightness > Eye Comfort, enable Enable all day or set up
Scheduled, and adjust the slider under Filter level to customise how much blue light you
would like to be ltered.
Dark Mode
In low light conditions or at night, you can enable Dark mode to apply a darker colour
scheme, which helps prevent excessive screen light from irritating your eyes.
Go to  Settings > Display & brightness, and enable or disable Dark mode.
Settings
163

--- Page 168 ---
Adjust Text Style Settings
You can adjust the system text size and app display size, as well as the text style.
Enlarge or Reduce Text Size
Go to  Settings > Display & brightness > Text and display size, and drag the slider for
Text size.
Enlarge or Reduce Display Size
Display size determines the size of content (including text and images) displayed within
apps.
Go to  Settings > Display & brightness > Text and display size, and drag the slider for
Display size.
Screen Resolution
Use Smart Screen Resolution
Go to 
Settings > Display & brightness > Screen resolution, and enable Smart
Resolution. Your device will automatically adjust the screen resolution according to the
current running status.
Set the Screen Resolution
Go to  Settings > Display & brightness > Screen resolution, and select a screen
resolution according to your preferences. A higher screen resolution will result in a clearer
display, but will consume more power.
Display Carrier Name and Network Speed in the Status Bar
You can check the carrier name and network speed with a single glance at the status bar.
Go to  Settings > Display & brightness > More display settings, and enable or disable
Display carrier name and Display network speed according to your preferences.
Switch Between Portrait and Landscape Orientation
The built-in gravity sensor of your device allows you to automatically switch between
horizontal and landscape orientations when you rotate the screen.
Swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel, then swipe down on it again
to show all shortcuts. Touch   to enable or disable this feature.
GPU Turbo
GPU Turbo represents a radical redesign of the graphics processing framework of the device
at its most basic level, integrating hardware and software to achieve accelerated graphics
Settings
164

--- Page 169 ---
processing. It improves the device's graphics processing eciency, image quality, and
performance, whilst simultaneously reducing system power consumption.
The end result is a great improvement in user experience when playing graphically intense
games.
Sounds&Vibration
Vibrate Mode and More Sound Settings
1 Go to 
Settings > Sounds & vibration, and enable or disable Vibrate in silent mode
according to your preferences.
2 Touch More sound settings. Then you can set the sound for the following items:
• Keypad tones
• Screen lock
• Screenshot
• Screen touch
• Vibrate on touch
• Startup sound
This feature may vary by device.
Do Not Disturb
Do Not Disturb helps you prevent interruptions when you need to focus. When this mode is
enabled, calls and messages will be muted and banner 
notications will not be displayed.
Enable or Disable Do Not Disturb
You can enable or disable Do not disturb using either of the following methods:
• Swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel, then swipe down again to
display all shortcuts. Touch   to enable or disable Do Not Disturb. You can touch and
hold 
 to access the Do Not Disturb settings screen.
• Go to  Settings > Sounds & vibration > Do Not Disturb, and enable or disable Do Not
Disturb.
When Do not disturb is enabled,   will be displayed in the status bar. You can check for
notications on the lock screen or by swiping down from the status bar to open the
notication panel. Swipe left on a notication and touch   to delay the notication.
When you receive calls, notications, or messages, they will be muted, the screen will not
light up, and banner notications will not be displayed.
Settings
165

--- Page 170 ---
Set a Schedule for Do Not Disturb
1 Go to  Settings > Sounds & vibration > Do Not Disturb, and disable Do Not Disturb.
2 Enable Scheduled. Your device will enter Do not disturb mode at the specied time on
Saturdays and Sundays by default.
3 Touch Scheduled to set the start time and repeat cycle.
4 You can also touch Add to set multiple start times.
Make Exceptions in Do Not Disturb Mode
While in Do Not Disturb mode, you can enable your device to ring for calls and messages
from certain sources so you don't miss anything important.
Go to  Settings > Sounds & vibration > Do Not Disturb, and enable Do Not Disturb or
Scheduled. Then you can:
• Touch Calls or Messages and select one of the options. If you set an exception, your device
will ring for calls or messages from the selected source.
• Once Repeated calls is enabled, a second call from the same number within 15 minutes
will not be silenced.
Set a Ringtone for Incoming Calls
You can set your favorite music or a video as the ringtone for incoming calls.
If two SIM cards have been inserted into your device, congure the ringtone separately for
SIM 1 and SIM 2.
Set a Music Ringtone
1 Go to 
Phone >   > Settings > Ringtone or  Settings > Sounds & vibration >
Phone ringtone.
2 Select a system ringtone, or touch Music on device to select a local song as the ringtone.
Set a Video Ringtone
Set a video as the ringtone for incoming calls.
 
Settings
166

--- Page 171 ---
1 Go to  Phone >   > Settings > Ringtone or  Settings > Sounds & vibration >
Phone ringtone.
2 Touch Video ringtones and select a video to preview the 
eect for incoming calls.
3 Touch Apply to set the video as the ringtone.
Set a Ringtone for a Contact
1 Open 
Phone, touch the Contacts tab at the bottom of the screen, then select the
contact you want to set a ringtone for.
2 On the contact details screen, touch Ringtone and select a ringtone.
Set the SMS 
Notication Tone
1 Go to  Settings > Sounds & vibration, then touch Messaging tone.
2 If two SIM cards are being used, you can set SMS notication tones for them individually.
3 Select a preset tone, or touch Music on device to select a local song as the SMS
notication tone.
Set the 
Notication Tone
You can set a global 
notication tone or set tones for specic apps, such as Notepad or
Calendar.
Settings
167

--- Page 172 ---
Set the Default Notication Tone
1 Go to  Settings > Sounds & vibration, and touch Notication sound.
2 Select a preset tone, or touch Music on device to select a local song as the notication
tone.
Set the Notication Tone for a Specic App
You can set the notication tone for certain apps by doing the following:
1 Go to  Settings > Apps > Apps.
2 Select an app (for example, Notepad).
3 Go to Notications > Notepad > Sound.
4 Select a preset tone, or touch Music on device to select a local song as the notication
tone.
Huawei Histen Sound 
Eects
Huawei Histen sound eects, with 3D surround sound support, deliver vibrant and crisp
sound to create an immersive audio experience.
Huawei Histen sound eects are only available when a headset is plugged in.
Go to  Settings > Sounds & vibration > Huawei Histen sound eects and select an
option:
• Auto: Automatically identies what you are playing and intelligently applies sound eects
to optimise your experience.
• 3D audio: Delivers 3D spatial sounds.
• Natural: Faithfully reproduces the original sounds.
• Standard: Requires less power for audio playback. You can also customise equaliser settings
yourself to achieve the exact sound you are looking for.
Auto, 3D audio, and Standard modes allow you to select a headset type so you can match
the sound 
eects to your headset.
Notications
App Badges
When new notications arrive for an app, a badge will appear on the app icon. By default, a
numbered badge is displayed. You can also set a dot as the badge, or hide the badge for
some or all apps.
Turn O App Badges
1 Go to  Settings > Notications, and touch App icon badges.
Settings
168

--- Page 173 ---
2 Turn o the switch for some or all apps.
Change the Badge Display Mode
On the App icon badges screen, touch Badge display mode, and select Numbers or Dots
according to your preference.
Lock Screen 
Notications
With Face unlock enabled, your device can help keep your notication content private by
using the Swing Gesture Sensor. When a face other than yours is detected, the notication
content will be automatically hidden.
1 Ensure that your facial data has been enroled on your device.
2 Go to 
Settings > Notications, and enable Hide notication content.
3 Unlock your device with face recognition, and the notication content will be displayed as
normal. If someone else's face is detected, your device will automatically hide the
notication content.
In strong light or low light, or when a face or the Swing Gesture Sensor is partially
covered, face detection may be delayed or incorrectly performed, which will aect how
notication content is hidden.
The notication content will be automatically displayed after Hide notication content is
disabled. Notications from apps protected by App lock will still be hidden unless your device
has veried that you are the user.
If your facial data has not been enroled on your device, enabling Hide notication content
will hide the notication content on the lock screen.
More Notication Settings
Go to  Settings > Notications > More notication settings and enable Wake screen.
Your device will automatically turn on the screen when it receives a notication.
Disable or Change the App Notications
Disable App Notications
You can choose not to receive notications from apps in any of the following ways:
• After you receive a notication from an app, nd it on the notication panel, swipe left on
the 
notication, go to   > More settings, and disable Allow notications.
• Go to  Settings > Notications, nd the app for which you want to disable
notications, then disable Allow notications.
• Go to  Settings > Apps > Apps, touch the icon of the app you want to set, touch
Notications, and disable Allow notications.
Settings
169

--- Page 174 ---
Change the Way How App Notications Are Sent
1 Go to  Settings > Notications, select an app, and enable Allow notications.
2 Follow the onscreen instructions to set up how notications are sent:
• Mute notications
• Select the notication style (including Lock screen notications and Banners).
• Select a 
notication sound.
• Enable or disable notication vibration.
• Enable or disable the function that allow 
notications from the app even when Do Not
Disturb is enabled.
Notication methods supported by an app may vary.
Biometrics&Password
Fingerprint ID
You can enrol a 
ngerprint and then use it to unlock the screen and access your Safe, App
lock, and more.
Enrol an In-Screen Fingerprint
 
Settings
170

--- Page 175 ---
1 Go to  Settings > Biometrics & password > Fingerprint ID, and follow the
instructions to set or enter the lock screen password.
2 Touch New in-screen 
ngerprint to begin enroling your ngerprint.
3 Place your ngertip on the in-screen ngerprint sensor. When you feel a vibration, lift your
nger then press again. Move your nger around to enrol dierent parts of it.
4 When the enrolment has been completed, touch OK.
When the screen is locked, lift your device and the in-screen ngerprint sensor will appear.
You can now place your nger on the ngerprint sensor to unlock the screen.
Rename or Delete a Fingerprint
1 Go to 
Settings > Biometrics & password > Fingerprint ID and enter your lock screen
password.
2 In the Fingerprint list section, touch an enroled 
ngerprint to rename or delete it.
Identify a Fingerprint
Fingerprint 
identication allows you to match your ngers with the enroled ngerprints.
1 Go to  Settings > Biometrics & password > Fingerprint ID and enter your lock screen
password.
Settings
171

--- Page 176 ---
2 In the Fingerprint list section, touch Identify ngerprint.
3 Touch the ngerprint sensor with your nger. The recognised ngerprint will be
highlighted.
Use Your Fingerprint to Access Your Safe
1 Go to 
Settings > Biometrics & password > Fingerprint ID and enter your lock screen
password.
2 Turn on the switch for Access Safe and follow the onscreen instructions to link your
ngerprint with the Safe.
Now you can go to 
Files > Categories, touch Safe, then use your ngerprint to access it.
Use Your Fingerprint to Access a Locked App
1 Go to  Settings > Biometrics & password > Fingerprint ID and enter your lock screen
password.
2 Turn on the switch for Access App Lock and follow the onscreen instructions to link your
ngerprint with App lock.
You can now touch a locked app on your home screen and use your ngerprint to access it.
Enable and Use Fingerprint Payment
You can use your ngerprint to verify your payments in a payment app.
Go to the payment app and follow the onscreen instructions to enable this feature.
Facial Recognition
Face Recognition allows you to unlock your device or access locked apps with your facial
data, even in dark environments.
Ensure that you are facing the device screen when using face recognition.
 
Settings
172

--- Page 177 ---
Enrol Facial Data
1 Go to 
Settings > Biometrics & password > Face Recognition, and enter your lock
screen password.
2 Select Enable raise to wake.
3 Touch Get started and follow the onscreen instructions to enrol your facial data.
Set an Alternate Look
You can add an alternate look for more accurate and convenient face recognition.
On the Face Recognition screen, touch Set an alternate look, and follow the onscreen
instructions to enrol the alternate facial data.
Enable Face Unlock
On the Face Recognition screen, touch Unlock device, and select an unlock method.
If you have enabled PrivateSpace on or added multiple users to your phone, you can use
Face unlock only in MainSpace or with the Owner account.
Access App Lock with Face Recognition
On the Face Recognition screen, enable Access App Lock, and follow the onscreen
instructions to add your facial data to App lock.
Settings
173

--- Page 178 ---
You can then touch a locked app on your home screen and use face recognition to access the
app.
Disable or Delete Facial Data
On the Face Recognition screen, you can do the following:
• Disable facial data for certain features: Disable Unlock device, or Access App Lock as
required. This will not delete your facial data.
• Delete facial data: Touch Delete facial data and follow the onscreen instructions to delete
your facial data.
Lock Screen Password
You can set a numeric, pattern, or hybrid password as your lock screen password.
Set the Lock Screen Password
You can set a numeric, pattern, or hybrid password.
 
1 Go to  Settings > Biometrics & password and touch Lock screen password.
2 Enter a password containing 6 digits.
3 Alternatively, touch Change unlock method and select a password type, then follow the
onscreen instructions to input a new password.
Settings
174

--- Page 179 ---
Change the Lock Screen Password
1 On the Biometrics & password screen, go to Change lock screen password.
2 Enter the original lock screen password.
3 Enter a new password, or touch Change unlock method to select a password type, then
follow the onscreen instructions to input a new password.
Disable Lock Screen Password
On the Biometrics & password screen, go to Disable lock screen password.
Secure Lock Settings
There are many ways your device can be unlocked. In some cases (such as if you are asleep
while taking public transport), password unlock is more secure than other unlock methods.
When Lockdown mode is enabled, you will only be able to unlock your device using your lock
screen password. Other unlock methods will be temporarily disabled.
You must set a lock screen password to use this feature.
1 Go to  Settings > Biometrics & password > Secure lock settings, and enable Show
Lockdown option.
2 Press and hold the Power button until the Lockdown option is displayed on the screen.
3 Touch Lockdown and follow the onscreen instructions to enable Lockdown mode. Once
Lockdown mode is enabled, your device can only be unlocked using the lock screen
password.
4 Lockdown mode is automatically disabled when you unlock your device. You can use other
unlock methods as usual the next time you unlock your device.
If you need to re-enable Lockdown mode, press and hold the Power button and touch the
Lockdown option again.
Apps
App Twin
App Twin enables you to log in to two Facebook accounts simultaneously without the hassle
of having to constantly switch between them, allowing you to keep your work and private
lives separate.
App Twin will only work with certain apps.
1 Go to  Settings > Apps > App Twin, and turn on the switch for the app you want to
create a twin of.
2 Two icons for the same app will display on the home screen for you to log in to your
separate accounts simultaneously.
3 To disable App twin, touch and hold the twinned version of the app, then touch Delete.
All the data of the twin app will be deleted.
Settings
175

--- Page 180 ---
View or Change App Settings
Go to  Settings > Apps > Apps, and touch an app. You can force stop it, uninstall it, clear
the app cache, view and change app permissions, set notication modes, and more.
Battery
Check Power Consumption
Go to 
Settings > Battery (or  Optimiser >  ). You can:
• Touch Battery usage to view power-intensive apps. Touch a power-intensive app to enable
or disable power consumption alerts.
• Touch Power consumption details to learn more about the software and hardware power
consumption.
Power Management
On the Battery screen, you can check the estimated battery time remaining, and enable a
power saving mode to extend the battery life of your device.
Optimise Device Power Settings
Go to 
Settings > Battery (or  Optimiser >  ) and touch Optimise battery usage.
Your device will automatically analyse the current power consumption issues, optimise
certain settings, and recommend other setting optimisations.
Enable Power Saving Mode
Optimiser provides two power saving modes:
• Power Saving mode reduces power consumption by limiting background app activity,
visual eects, and sounds.
• Ultra Power Saving mode strictly controls background apps to ensure that your device can
stay on for as long as possible. In this mode, you will only be able to use selected apps, and
all system switches, except for Wi-Fi and mobile data, will be turned o.
On the Battery screen, select a power saving mode:
• When the battery level is extremely low, enable Ultra Power Saving mode. Your device will
then display a black home screen.
To add apps you wish to use in Ultra Power Saving mode, touch   and select the apps
from the list. You can touch   to remove the apps or touch   in the upper right corner
to exit Ultra Power Saving mode.
Settings
176

--- Page 181 ---
• When the battery level is not extremely low, but you would still like to save power, enable
Power Saving mode. The   icon will then be displayed in the status bar.
Ultra Power Saving mode is not available on some devices. If this option is not
displayed, it indicates that your device does not support the feature.
Enable Performance Mode
Performance mode adjusts power settings to deliver maximum performance. This will cause
the battery to drain more quickly, especially when graphic-intensive apps are used.
When the battery level is sucient, go to  Settings > Battery (or  Optimiser >  )
and enable Performance mode.
The 
 icon will then be displayed in the status bar.
Performance mode is not available on some devices. If this option is not displayed in
Optimiser, it indicates that your device does not support the feature.
Battery Settings
You can also set whether to display the battery percentage in the status bar, and whether to
maintain a network connection when the device screen is turned o.
Display Battery Percentage on the Status Bar
Go to  Settings > Battery (or  Optimiser >  ), touch Battery percentage, and
choose to display the battery percentage, either inside or outside of the battery icon on the
status bar.
Stay Connected while Your Device is Sleeping
If you would like your device to continue to receive messages or download data while it is in
sleep mode, set to keep your device connected when it sleeps. Please note that this may
increase power consumption.
On the Battery screen, touch More battery settings, then enable or disable Stay connected
while asleep as required.
Storage
Check Storage Usage
Go to 
Settings > Storage to check storage usage and optimise it when you feel
necessary.
Settings
177

--- Page 182 ---
Cleanup
You can use Cleanup in Optimiser to scan for redundant or large les, such as app residue,
unwanted installation packages, WeChat data, and more. Once detected, you can choose
whether or not to delete les as suggested.
1 Open  Optimiser, then touch Cleanup.
2 When the scan is complete, touch Clean up after each item and delete any les you don't
need.
Clean Up Duplicate Files
Optimiser can identify duplicate les on your device.
On the Cleanup screen, touch Duplicate les , then select unwanted les to delete them.
Security
Password Vault
Password Vault saves your usernames and passwords and 
autolls them for you each time
you log in to an app. This data is hardware encrypted and stored only on your device. Huawei
does not have access to it, and will not upload it to the network or server.
• Before using Password Vault, set a lock screen password for your device.
• Password Vault is only compatible with certain apps.
Log In Faster with Password Vault
1 When you log in to an app for the rst time, your device will automatically prompt you to
save the password. Touch SAVE when prompted.
If you accidentally touch Never save, you can still enable the autoll feature for this app
by going to  Settings > Security > Password Vault > Autoll settings, and toggling
on the switch next to this app. When the switch is toggled o, the autoll feature will be
disabled.
2 If you log out of the app, the next time you log in, your device will autoll the username
and password once you have veried your identity with your lock screen password,
ngerprint, or face ID.
When you switch to a new Huawei device, you can use Phone Clone to transfer data in
Password Vault to your new device.
View or Delete Stored Usernames and Passwords
You can view or delete the usernames and passwords stored in Password Vault at any time.
Go to  Settings > Security > Password Vault > ACCOUNTS to view or delete the stored
usernames and passwords.
Settings
178

--- Page 183 ---
Disable Password Vault
Password Vault is enabled by default, but can be disabled if required.
Go to  Settings > Security > Password Vault, and disable Password Vault.
App Lock
With App Lock, you can lock apps containing private data, such as chat and payment apps, to
prevent unauthorised access. If you have enabled App Lock and set Face Recognition as the
app unlock method, when your face is not detected by your device, the locked app can't be
accessed again after it is closed unless you verify your identity. This feature intelligently
protects your privacy and works better in a well-lit environment.
 
Enable App Lock
Go to  Settings > Security > App Lock > Enable, set the App Lock password and select
the apps to lock.
If you have enabled face or ngerprint unlock, you can link App Lock with a face ID or
ngerprint ID as prompted.
Not all devices support ngerprint features.
Settings
179

--- Page 184 ---
Enable Intelligent Protection for Locked Apps
If you have enabled App Lock and set Face Recognition as the app unlock method, the
system will intelligently detect that it is a dierent face to normal and provide further
security protection for locked apps. If your face is not detected, such as when someone else is
using your device, the locked app can't be accessed again after it is closed unless you verify
your identity. This feature works better in a well-lit environment.
The intelligent protection feature will be enabled automatically once you have set Face
Recognition as the app unlock method in either of the following ways:
• If you have enabled Face Recognition for your device, follow the onscreen instructions to
link your face when you enable App lock. The intelligent protection feature will then be
enabled automatically.
• If you have not enabled Face Recognition on your device, go to  Settings > Biometrics
& password > Face Recognition and follow the onscreen instructions to enter the Face
Recognition screen and enrol your facial data. Then enable Access App Lock to link your
face with locked apps.
Change the App Lock Password or Security Questions
Enter the App Lock settings screen, go to   > Password type, and select Lock screen
password or Custom PIN as the App Lock password.
If you select Custom PIN, you can go on to set a new password and security questions.
Cancel or Disable App Lock
On the App Lock settings screen, do the following:
• Cancel App Lock: On the locked app list, toggle o the switches beside the apps for which
you want to cancel the lock.
• Reset App Lock: Go to 
 > Disable App Lock > DISABLE. This will cancel all locks, and
clear all app lock settings.
Smart Unlock
Smart Unlock enables you to unlock your device with a Bluetooth device, such as a smart
band. When a compatible Bluetooth device is detected, you can unlock your device without
the need to verify your identity using a password, for example.
 
Settings
180

--- Page 185 ---
1 Set a lock screen password for your device.
2 Go to  Settings > Biometrics & password > Smart Unlock, and enable Smart Unlock.
3 Touch 
 to pair with a Bluetooth device, such as a smart band. After the pairing is
successful, the Bluetooth device name will be displayed in the Paired devices list on the
Smart Unlock settings screen.
4 Touch the Bluetooth device name in the Paired devices list, touch Ok, and follow the
onscreen instructions to set this device as the Unlocking device.
Afterwards, your device will automatically unlock when the Bluetooth device is in close
proximity to it.
To learn more about Smart Unlock, touch   on the Smart Unlock settings screen.
Encrypt Memory Card Data
You can encrypt les stored on the memory card. Encrypted les can only be viewed and
used on your device.
1 Insert a memory card into your device and ensure that the memory card has sucient
storage space.
2 Go to  Settings > Security > More settings > Encryption and credentials.
Settings
181

--- Page 186 ---
3 Touch Encrypt memory card and follow the onscreen instructions to encrypt the memory
card.
During the encryption, do not restart your device or forcibly remove the memory card.
Otherwise, the encryption may fail or data may be lost.
To decrypt a memory card, touch Decrypt memory card and follow the onscreen instructions
to decrypt les on the memory card. Formatting a memory card can also decrypt the
memory card, but will erase all data on the memory card.
Encrypting and decrypting the memory card will not be supported if you are not logged
in as the Owner.
Set a SIM PIN Lock
A PIN is the identity code of a SIM card, and can be set as the SIM card lock. After doing so,
you will be required to enter the correct PIN to unlock the SIM card every time you power on
your device or switch to a new device to prevent unauthorised access.
You need to obtain the PIN of your SIM card from your carrier before using this function.
1 Go to  Settings > Security > More settings > Encryption and credentials to enter the
SIM lock setup screen.
2 Enable Lock SIM card, enter the PIN code, and then touch OK.
To modify the PIN, touch Change SIM PIN1 and follow the instructions.
• You will have to enter a PIN Unlocking Key (PUK) to unlock the SIM card if you exceed
the maximum number of failed attempts to enter the PIN. A new PIN needs to be set
up once you successfully unlock your SIM with a PUK. Should you also exceed the
maximum number of failed attempts to enter the PUK, your SIM card will be blocked.
• The PUK can only be obtained from your carrier.
Pin a Screen
You can pin the screen of an app so you can stay focused on it. Try this feature when playing
games, watching videos, and more.
Go to  Settings > Security > More settings > Screen pinning, and enable Screen
pinning.
• When using gesture navigation, swipe up from the bottom of the screen and hold to access
the recent tasks screen, then touch   on an app preview. To unpin, swipe up twice from
the bottom of the screen.
• When using three-key navigation, touch 
 to access the recent tasks screen, and touch
 on an app preview. To unpin, touch and hold  .
Settings
182

--- Page 187 ---
Safe Mode
Safe mode uses a simplied operating system with only basic functions and pre-installed
apps available. It can be used to locate third-party apps causing system failures.
Safe Mode Functions
After installing certain third-party apps, your device may fail to work properly. In this case,
you can enter Safe mode to check whether the problem has been caused by a third-party app
or by the system itself.
• If the system is running properly in Safe mode, the issue is likely caused by a third-party
app. In Safe mode, go to  Settings > Apps > Apps, nd the third-party app in question,
and uninstall it after switching back to the normal mode.
• If the system runs abnormally in Safe mode, then the system is faulty. Back up your data
and take your device and proof of purchase to an authorised Huawei Customer Service
Centre for assistance.
Enter and Exit Safe Mode
• Enter Safe mode: During the startup process, press and hold the Power and Volume up
buttons simultaneously until the selection screen is displayed. Press the Volume button to
select Safe mode and press the Power button to enter Safe mode. In Safe mode, Safe
mode is displayed in the lower left corner.
• Exit Safe mode: Restart your device to exit.
Privacy
Permission Management
Apps may require certain permissions, such as the Location permissions, in order to provide
you with corresponding services.
However, some apps may obtain too many unnecessary permissions, posing potential risks to
your privacy and information security. You can monitor the permissions granted to each app
and deny those you deem unnecessary.
Manage the Location Permission
With the location permission, apps can obtain your location to provide location-based
services. For example, if a map app obtains the location permission, it can provide you with
location and navigation services. You can disable the permission if you do not need these
services.
1 Go to  Settings > Apps > Permissions.
2 On the Permissions screen, enter Location, touch the app you want to manage, and
select an option.
Settings
183

--- Page 188 ---
Manage Permissions to Access Other Private Data
You can also manage permissions to access your personal data, such as Contacts, Messaging,
Call logs, Body sensors, Calendar, and Camera, to enjoy better services and protect your
privacy.
On the Permissions screen, touch the permission you want to manage, and toggle the switch
for each app on or o as required.
Location Services
Some apps need to obtain your location information to provide better services. You can
enable or disable location services, and grant or deny the permission to access location
information for particular apps as required.
Enable or Disable Location Services
You can enable or disable location services in either of the following ways:
• Swipe down from the status bar to open the notication panel and swipe down further to
display all shortcut switches. Touch   to enable or disable this function.
• Alternatively, go to  Settings > Location and enable or disable Access my location.
After location services are disabled, your device will prevent all apps and services from
collecting and using location information, with the exception of some built-in apps. When
these apps or services need to use location information, your device will remind you to
enable location services again.
Increase the Accuracy of Location Services
You can improve the positioning accuracy of your device by allowing apps and services to
scan for nearby Wi-Fi networks and Bluetooth devices.
Go to 
Settings > Location > Advanced settings, then enable Wi-Fi and Bluetooth
scanning.
Allow or Forbid Apps to Obtain Location Information
You can allow or forbid an app to access location information, including granting one-time or
permanent access, or denying access to location information during use of the app.
1 Go to  Settings > Privacy > Permissions, touch Location, and check which apps have
been granted access to location information.
2 Touch the app for which you want to change settings and follow the onscreen instructions
to grant or deny permissions.
PrivateSpace
Create a PrivateSpace that is completely independent of the MainSpace (the original space)
of your device, which can be accessed using your ngerprint ID or a password.
Settings
184

--- Page 189 ---
You can move private photos and condential business les to your PrivateSpace to prevent
unauthorised access. You can also move your payment and gaming apps to PrivateSpace to
keep them away from your child.
Enable and Access PrivateSpace
1 Go to  Settings > Privacy > PrivateSpace > Enable, and follow the onscreen
instructions to create a PrivateSpace.
2 You can enter your PrivateSpace using either of the following methods:
• On the lock screen, access PrivateSpace using the ngerprint or password set for the
space.
• Alternatively, in MainSpace, go to  Settings > Privacy > PrivateSpace, and touch
Log in.
If you restart your device, you have to enter the password to access the MainSpace
rst, then switch to the PrivateSpace.
Hide or Unhide the Entrance to PrivateSpace
You can hide the entrance to PrivateSpace in the MainSpace settings, so that you can only
access PrivateSpace using the ngerprint or password set for the space.
• To hide the entrance to PrivateSpace: In PrivateSpace, go to  Settings > Privacy >
PrivateSpace, and enable Hide PrivateSpace.
• To unhide the entrance to PrivateSpace: In MainSpace, go to 
Settings > Security >
More settings, then go to Show all settings > OK.
Transfer Files Between MainSpace and PrivateSpace
1 In PrivateSpace, go to  Settings > Privacy > PrivateSpace, and touch MainSpace to
PrivateSpace or PrivateSpace to MainSpace.
2 Select the 
les (such as contacts, photos, videos, and audio les) you want to transfer,
touch Move, and follow the onscreen instructions to transfer the les.
In the target space, go to Gallery > Albums > Others > SharedImages, or Gallery > Albums
> Others > SharedVideos to view photos and videos.
Reset Password for PrivateSpace
You can set a security question when creating the password for PrivateSpace, which will help
you to reset the password if you happen to forget it.
1 In PrivateSpace, go to 
Settings > Privacy > PrivateSpace, then touch Password
protection.
2 Follow the onscreen instructions to complete the 
verication, select and answer the
security question, then touch Finish.
Settings
185

--- Page 190 ---
3 In MainSpace, go to  Settings > Privacy > PrivateSpace, then go to   > Reset
password, and follow the onscreen instructions to complete the verication and reset the
password.
Transfer Data in PrivateSpace to Your New Device
You can quickly transfer your PrivateSpace data, such as contacts, photos, and les, from the
old device to the new one.
1 On your new device, create and enter your PrivateSpace, go to  Settings > Privacy >
PrivateSpace > Space Clone, and select This is the new phone.
2 In your old device, enter your PrivateSpace, go to 
Settings > Privacy > PrivateSpace >
Space Clone, and select This is the old phone.
3 Follow the onscreen instructions to scan the QR code or manually connect the old device
to the new one.
4 On your old device, select the data to be transferred. You can cancel the data transfer
during the process, and then continue it once you have connected your old device with the
new one again.
Delete PrivateSpace
If you delete PrivateSpace, all apps and data stored in the space will be deleted and cannot
be restored. Please exercise caution when deleting PrivateSpace.
You can delete PrivateSpace in either of the following ways:
• In MainSpace, go to 
Settings > Privacy > PrivateSpace, then go to   > Delete
PrivateSpace.
• Alternatively, in PrivateSpace, go to  Settings > Privacy > PrivateSpace, then touch
Delete.
Accessibility Features
Accessibility
Screen reader apps are designed to assist visually impaired users to use a device.
Enable Colour Correction to Customise the Screen Colour
Colour correction helps people with poor eyesight see the screen content more easily.
1 Go to  Settings > Accessibility features > Accessibility > Colour correction and
enable Colour correction.
2 Touch Correction mode to select a colour correction mode.
Use Magnication Gestures
Use magnication gestures to zoom in on the screen.
Settings
186

--- Page 191 ---
On the Accessibility > Magnication screen, touch Magnication, then enable it.
Zoom in or out by touching the screen three times in a row.
• While zoomed in, spread two or more ngers to further zoom in, then pinch two or more
ngers together to zoom back out.
• Drag the screen with two or more ngers to view other parts of the screen.
Enable Colour Inversion
Colour inversion allows you to invert the colour of the text and the background. When Colour
inversion is enabled, your device will display text in white and the background black.
On the Accessibility screen, enable Colour inversion.
Use a Shortcut to Activate an Accessibility Feature
You can use Volume buttons to quickly activate an accessibility feature.
1 On the Accessibility screen, touch Accessibility shortcut.
2 Touch Select feature to select the feature you want to activate with the shortcut.
3 Enable Accessibility shortcut. You can now press and hold the Volume up and down
buttons simultaneously for 3 seconds to activate the feature.
Adjust the Touch and Hold Delay
Touch & hold delay allows you to adjust the time the screen takes to respond when you
touch and hold something.
On the Accessibility screen, touch Touch & hold delay, then select a delay option according
to your preferences.
One-Handed Mode
You can switch to a mini screen view so you can use your device with one hand more easily.
 
Settings
187

--- Page 192 ---
1 Go to  Settings > Accessibility features > One-Handed mode, and enable One-
Handed mode.
2 Access One-Handed mode using one of the following methods, depending on the
navigation mode you are using on your device.
• If you're using Gestures, swipe up diagonally from one of the bottom corners and
hold.
• If you're using Three-key navigation, swipe left or right across the navigation bar.
3 Touch the blank area to exit.
One-Handed mode will not work if Gesture magnication is enabled on your device.
Smart Cover Mode
For best results, you are advised to use a standard Huawei ip cover.
Enable Smart Cover Mode
Go to  Settings > Accessibility features > Smart Cover, and enable Smart Cover. If the
ip cover comes with a display window, enable Use display window as well.
Settings
188

--- Page 193 ---
Open or Close the Flip Cover
• Flipping open the cover will wake your device and display the lock screen (or Magazine
unlock screen).
• If a lock screen password has been set, closing the ip cover of your device will lock the
screen if it is on standby.
• When a ip cover with a display window is closed, you can check the date, time, weather,
and more in the window.
Mistouch Prevention
Enable Mistouch prevention to prevent unintended operations caused by accidental touches
on the screen, such as when your device is placed in your pocket or backpack.
Go to  Settings > Accessibility features, and enable or disable Mistouch prevention as
needed.
Gloves Mode
Your device can respond to your touches even when you are wearing gloves.
Go to  Settings > Accessibility features, and enable Gloves mode.
To ensure a higher success rate, apply adequate force when touching or swiping on the
screen.
Scheduled Power On/O
Use the Scheduled power on/o feature to power your device on and o at set times, to
save power and prevent interruptions while resting.
1 Go to 
Settings > Accessibility features > Scheduled power on/o, and enable
Scheduled power on/o.
2 Set the power on and 
o times, as well as the repeat cycle. Your device will power on and
o automatically at the specied times.
To stop using this feature, disable Scheduled power on/o.
Users&Accounts
Set Up Users
1 Go to  Settings > Users & accounts > Users, touch Add user or Add guest, then
follow the onscreen instructions to add an account.
2 Touch Switch to switch to the user or guest account. 
Congure the settings for the new
account as prompted.
3 Install apps as needed. Note that if a newer version of an app has been installed by
another user, the app installation will fail.
Settings
189

--- Page 194 ---
A maximum of three user and one guest accounts can be added.
Authorise a User or Guest Account to Make Calls and Send Messages
You can set whether to allow a user or guest account to make calls, send SMS messages, and
more.
• After accessing your device as the administrator, go to  Settings > Users & accounts >
Users.
• Touch the related account, and select the permissions you want to authorise.
Switch Between the Administrator, User, and Guest
You can switch to a dierent account using either of the following methods:
• Swipe down from the status bar to open the 
notication panel, touch  , then touch the
prole picture of the account you wish to switch to.
• Go to  Settings > Users & accounts > Users, and touch the name of the account you
wish to switch to.
Delete a User or Guest Account
Deleting a user or guest account will delete all its related data. Please exercise caution.
After accessing your device as the administrator, use either of the following methods to
delete a user or guest account:
• Go to  Settings > Users & accounts > Users, touch the name of the account you wish
to delete, then follow the onscreen instructions to delete it.
• Swipe down from the status bar to open the 
notication panel, touch   > More settings,
touch the name of the account you wish to delete, then follow the onscreen instructions to
delete it.
System&Updates
Language and Region
1 Go to 
Settings > System & updates > Language & input > Language and region,
then select the language you want to use.
2 If the language is not listed, touch Add language, then locate and touch it to add it to
the list.
3 Touch Region to select a country/region, so the display content will adapt to the local
culture and habits of the country/region you have selected.
Input Method
You can download a third-party input method and set it as the default input method.
Settings
190

--- Page 195 ---
1 Download the input method from an ocial app market.
2 Follow the onscreen instructions to set it as the default input method, or go to 
Settings > System & updates > Language & input > Default keyboard and select the
input method.
Date and Time
Your device is able to sync to the local date, time, and time zone over a mobile network. You
can also manually set the date, time, and time zone for your device.
Go to  Settings > System & updates > Date & time, then set the options according to
your requirements.
Set the Date and Time Automatically or Manually
• Enable Set automatically, and your device will sync to the local date and time over a
mobile network.
• To manually set the date and time, disable Set automatically.
Change the Time Zone
• Enable Set automatically, and your device will sync to the local time zone over a mobile
network.
• To manually set the time zone, disable Set automatically.
Change the Time Format
• Enable 24-hour time and your device will display time in the 24-hour format.
• Disable 24-hour time and your device will display time in the 12-hour format.
Phone Clone
Phone Clone lets you quickly and seamlessly move all the basic data (including contacts,
calendar, images, and videos) from your old device to your new device.
 
Settings
191

--- Page 196 ---
Clone Data from an Android Device
1 On your new device, open 
Phone Clone . Alternatively, go to  Settings > System &
updates > Phone Clone, touch This is the new phone, then touch Huawei or Other
Android.
2 Follow the onscreen instructions to download and install Phone Clone on your old device.
3 On your old device, open 
Phone Clone and touch This is the old phone. Follow the
onscreen instructions to connect your old device with your new device by scanning a code
or connecting manually.
4 On your old device, select the data you want to clone, then touch Transfer to start
cloning.
Phone Clone is only available on devices running Android 4.4 or later.
Clone Data from an iPhone or iPad
1 On your new device, open  Phone Clone. Alternatively, go to  Settings > System &
updates > Phone Clone, touch This is the new phone, then touch iPhone/iPad.
2 Follow the onscreen instructions to download and install Phone Clone on your old device.
Settings
192

--- Page 197 ---
3 On your old device, open  Phone Clone and touch This is the old phone. Follow the
onscreen instructions to connect your old device with your new device by scanning a code
or connecting manually.
4 On your old device, select the data you want to clone, then follow the onscreen
instructions to complete the data cloning.
Phone Clone is only available on devices running iOS 8.0 or later.
Back Up with an External Storage Device
Back Up with a Memory Card
Insert a memory card in your device so you can conveniently back up your data to keep it
safe.
1 Go to  Settings > System & updates > Backup & restore > Data backup > External
storage and touch Memory card.
2 Touch BACK UP, select the data you want to back up, then touch Back up.
3 Follow the onscreen instructions to set the password and password hint. The data will be
encrypted and backed up. The password will be required if you want to restore your data
backup.
To reset the password, go to the Memory card backup screen, then   > Reset
password.
The new password is only valid for backups created thereafter.
4 After the backup is complete, you can nd your data backup in the Huawei folder in Files
> Categories > Memory card.
You can go to the Memory card backup screen and enable Auto-backup. Your device will
then automatically back up your data every seven days when it is being charged, the screen
is turned o, and the battery level is at least 75%.
Restore Your Backup from a Memory Card
1 Go to  Settings > System & updates > Backup & restore > Data backup > External
storage and touch Memory card.
2 Select the backup you want to restore from the RESTORE FROM BACKUP list.
3 Select the data you want to restore, touch Restore, and enter the password as prompted.
Back Up with a USB Storage Device
In case of insucient storage space on your device, you can back up large les and any data
on a USB storage device, such as a USB ash drive or card reader.
1 Connect your device to a USB storage device via a USB OTG cable.
2 On the External storage screen of your device, touch USB storage.
3 Touch BACK UP, select the data you want to back up, then touch Back up.
Settings
193

--- Page 198 ---
4 Follow the onscreen instructions to set the password and password hint. The data will be
encrypted and backed up. The password will be required if you want to restore your data
backup.
To reset the password, go to the USB storage backup screen, then 
 > Reset password.
The new password is only valid for backups created thereafter.
Restore Your Data from a USB Storage Device
1 Connect your device to a USB storage device via a USB OTG cable.
2 On the External storage screen of your device, touch USB storage.
3 Select the backup you want to restore from the RESTORE FROM BACKUP list.
4 Select the data you want to restore, touch Restore, and enter the password as prompted.
Back Up with a NAS Device
You can back up your important data on a network-attached storage (NAS) device, also
known as a private cloud storage server. The NAS device provides shared folders for data
backup.
1 On the External storage screen of your device, touch Shared folder.
2 On your device, scan for available NAS devices using your Wi-Fi network, then touch an
applicable one to access and add its shared folders.
3 Touch BACK UP, select the data you want to back up, then touch Back up.
4 Follow the onscreen instructions to set the password and password hint. The data will be
encrypted and backed up. The password will be required if you want to restore your data
backup.
To reset the password, go to the Shared folder backup screen, then   > Reset
password.
The new password is only valid for backups created thereafter.
Restore Your Data from an NAS Device
1 On the External storage screen of your device, touch Shared folder.
2 On your device, scan for available NAS devices using your Wi-Fi network, then touch an
applicable one to access and add its shared folders.
3 Select the backup you want to restore from the RESTORE FROM BACKUP list.
4 Select the data you want to restore, touch Restore, and enter the password as prompted.
Reset Your Device
Reset Network Settings
This operation will reset your Wi-Fi, mobile data network, and Bluetooth settings. It will not
change any other settings on your device or delete any data.
Settings
194

--- Page 199 ---
Go to  Settings > System & updates > Reset, touch Reset network settings, then follow
the onscreen instructions to reset network settings.
Reset All Settings
This operation will reset all network settings, ngerprints, face recognition data, and the lock
screen password of your device. It will not delete any data from your device.
Go to  Settings > System & updates > Reset, touch Reset all settings, then follow the
onscreen instructions to reset all settings.
Restore Factory Settings
This operation will erase all the data on your device, including your accounts, app data,
system settings, installed apps, music, images, and all les on the internal storage. Make sure
to back up your data before restoring your device to its factory settings.
Go to 
Settings > System & updates > Reset > Reset phone, touch Reset phone, then
follow the onscreen instructions to restore your device to its factory settings.
Simple Mode
Simple mode adopts a more concise layout for easy navigation, enlarges icons and fonts for
the home screen, and maximises the volume.
 
Settings
195

--- Page 200 ---
Enable Simple Mode
Go to 
Settings > System & updates > Simple mode and touch Enable.
Touch and hold any icon to drag it to the desired location or uninstall it if it is not a
mandatory app.
Exit Simple mode
Open Settings and touch Exit Simple mode.
Update the System Online
When an update is available, your device will prompt you to download and install the update
package.
Settings
196

--- Page 201 ---
• Before updating, make sure your device is running an ocial system version.
Otherwise, the update may fail and your device may experience unknown issues.
• Back up your user data before the update.
• After an update, third-party apps that aren't compatible with the new system version
may become unavailable. In some cases, it may take some time for a compatible app
version to be released.
• During the update, do not power o or restart your device, remove the memory card,
or insert a memory card.
1 Go to  Settings > System & updates, and touch Software update.
2 When an update is available, you can either manually download and install the update
package, or update your device automatically overnight.
• Download and install the update package: Go to New version > DOWNLOAD AND
INSTALL. To avoid data usage, connect your device to a Wi-Fi network when
downloading the update package.
Your device will automatically restart once the update is complete.
• Update overnight: Touch 
, and enable Auto-download over Wi-Fi and Update
overnight.
Your device will automatically update and restart between 02:00 – 04:00.
To ensure a successful overnight update, make sure that your device is powered on, the
screen is locked, there are no alarms set for this period of time, and the battery level
remains higher than 35%. Connect your device to a charger if necessary.
To disable automatic updates, touch   on the Software update screen, then disable Auto-
download over Wi-Fi.
About Phone
Legal Disclaimer
Copyright © Huawei 2020. All rights reserved.
Settings
197

--- Page 202 ---
This guide is for your reference only. The actual product, including but not 
limited to the colour, size, and screen layout, may vary. All statements, 
information, and recommendations in this guide do not constitute a warranty 
of any kind, express or implied. 
Please visit http://consumer.huawei.com/en/support/hotline for up to date 
support hotline and email address information for your country or region.
Model: ANA-NX9
           
            
EMUI 10.1_01

