Brand: CYBERNET
Model: Cybermed M10
URL: https://www.manua.ls/cybernet/cybermed-m10/manual
Total Pages: 29
============================================================

--- Page 1 ---







 
CyberMed M10 Series
 
User Guide

--- Page 2 ---
Notes:                 
  Before using this information and the product it supports, be sure to 
read important Safety Information on page ii. 
  Some instructions in this guide may assume that you are using Win 
7/ Win 8.1. If you are using another Windows Operating System, 
some operations may be slightly different. If you are using other 
Operating System, some operation may not apply to you, but 
should not affect your use of this PC. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Read the safety notices and important tips in the included manual before using the 
Tablet.

--- Page 3 ---
Dear User, 
 
Before using this product, make sure to read this user guide carefully. We 
are pleased that you have chosen us for your computing needs. To help 
you master the usage of your new LCD PC quickly, we have prepared this 
user guide. In this manual you will find information on the system 
configuration, basic operating instructions, and important notices. We 
have done our best to avoid any error in making sure that the information 
provided in this manual is accurate and reliable. 
 
However, due to the short length of the user guide it is impossible to cover 
all topics in great depth. For this reason, we apologize for any omission 
you might find. 
 
Cybernet is always trying to improve the performance and reliability of its 
products. For that reason, the hardware and software components shown 
within the user guide might not perfectly match those of your system. 
However, any inconsistency between what is described in the user guide 
and the operation of your Tablet should not substantially affect your use. 
 
 
 
Thank you for your understanding.

--- Page 4 ---
FCC-B Radio Frequency Interference Statement 
 
 
 
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits 
for a class B digital device, pursuant to part 15 of the FCC rules. These limits are 
designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residential 
installation. This equipment generates uses and can radiate radio frequency energy and, 
if not installed and used in accordance with the instruction manual, may cause harmful 
interference to radio communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference 
will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful 
interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the 
equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or 
more of the measures listed below. 
  Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna. 
  Increase the distance between the equipment and receiver. 
  Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the 
receiver is connected. 
  Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/television technician for help. 
 
Notice 1  The changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party  
responsible for compliance could void the user's authority to operate the 
equipment. 
 
Notice 2  Shielded interface cables and A.C. power cord, if any, must be used in 
order to comply with the emission limits. 
 CE MARK 
This device complies with the requirements of the EEC directive 2004/108/EC with 
regard to “Electromagnetic compatibility” and 2006/95/EC “Low Voltage Directive”. 
Trademarks 
All trademarks are the properties of their respective owners. 
Intel® is a registered trademarks of Intel Corporation. 
Windows®  7/Vista/XP/NT/2000/98/95 are registered trademarks of Microsoft 
Corporation. Award® is a registered trademark of Phoenix Technologies Ltd.  
AMI® is a registered trademark of American Megatrends Inc 
 
 
 
 
 
M10 Series                                                                                                                                                               Notices 
i

--- Page 5 ---
Safety Instructions 
 
1.  Always read the safety instructions carefully. 
2.  Keep this equipment away from humidity. 
3.  Lay this equipment on a reliable flat surface before setting it up. 
4.  The openings on the enclosure are for air convection hence protect the 
equipment from overheating. DO NOT COVER THE OPENINGS. 
5.  Confirm the voltage of the power source and adjust accordingly to 110/220V 
before connecting the equipment to the power inlet. 
6.  Place the power cord in such a way that it cannot be stepped on.  Do not 
place anything over the power cord. 
7.  Always unplug the Power Cord before inserting any add-on card or module. 
8.  All cautions and warnings on the equipment should be noted. 
9.  Never pour any liquid into the opening.   This will cause damage and/or electrical 
shock. 
10.  Do not disable the protective grounding pin from the plug.  The equipment must be 
connected to a grounded main socket/outlet. 
11.  The Optical Storage devices are classified as Class 1 Laser products.  Use of controls or 
adjustments or performance of procedures other than those specified is prohibited. 
12.  Do not touch the Laser lens inside the optical storage drive. 
13.  When installing the coaxial cable to the TV Tuner, it is necessary to ensure that the metal 
shield is reliably connected to a protective earthing system of the building. Cable 
distribution systems should be grounded (earthed) in accordance with ANSI/NF PA 70, the 
National Electrical Code (NEC ), in particular, Section 820.93, Grounding of Outer 
Conductive Shield of a Coaxial Cable. 
14.  If any of the following situations arise, have the equipment checked by authorized service 
personnel: 
  The power cord or plug is damaged. 
  Liquid has penetrated into the equipment. 
  The equipment has been exposed to moisture. 
  The equipment has not worked well or you cannot get it working according to 
the User's Guide. 
  The equipment has been dropped and damaged. 
  The equipment has obvious signs of breakage. 
15.  Do not attempt to remove or upgrade any component by yourself, any installation or 
modification should be conducted by service personnel. 
 
“Warning: If this equipment is modified, appropriate inspection and testing must be 
conducted to ensure continued safe use of equipment”. 
 
DO NOT LEAVE THIS EQUIPMENT IN AN UNCONDITIONED ENVIRONMENT WITH A 
STORAGE TEMPERATURE ABOVE 50° C (122°F).   IT MAY DAMAGE THE 
EQUIPMENT. 
 
CAUTION: Danger of explosion if battery is incorrectly replaced. Replace only with the 
same or equivalent type recommended by the manufacturer. 
 
M10 Series                                                                                                                           Important Safety Information 
ii

--- Page 6 ---
WEEE Statement 
(Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment) 
 
The WEEE directive places an obligation on EU-based manufacturers, distributors, 
retailers and importers to take-back electronics products at the end of their useful life.  A 
sister Directive, ROHS (Restriction of Hazardous Substances) compliments the WEEE 
Directive by banning the presence of specific hazardous substances in the products at 
the design phase.  The WEEE Directive covers products imported into the EU as of 
August 13, 2005.  EU-based manufacturers, distributors, retailers and importers are 
obliged to finance the costs of recovery from municipal collection points, reuse, and 
recycling of specified percentages per the WEEE requirements. 
 
Instructions for disposal of WEEE by Users in the European Union 
 
The symbol shown below is on the product or on its packaging, which indicates that this 
product must not be disposed of with other waste.  Instead, it is the user’s responsibility 
to dispose of their waste equipment by handing it over to a designated collection point for 
the recycling of waste electrical and electronic equipment.  The separate collection and 
recycling of your waste equipment at the time of disposal will help to conserve natural 
resources and ensure that it is recycled in a manner that protects human health and the 
environment.  For more information about where you can drop off your waste equipment 
for recycling, please contact your local city office, your household waste disposal service 
or where you purchased the product. 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
M10 Series                                                                                                                                                               Notices 
iii

--- Page 7 ---
Contents 
 
FCC-B Radio…………………….……………..……………….…..…..i 
Introduction……………………………….………………....………...1 
     CyberMed M10 Specifications…………...……………………....1 
     Intended  Use……………………...……...…………………….…3 
     Power Management…………………………………...…..…….....7 
     Energy Saving Tips………………………………………………10 
      Over  View………………………………...….………………11 
      Rear  View……………………………...………………….12 
      Dimension……………………………………………...13 
      Optional Device Box…………………………………..................13 
      Front  View  and  Top  View…………...….……...…………….14 
      System  Assembly..…………...……………..…...................15 
      Motherboard  Layout.………………………...........…19 
       E-Recycling ………………………..…….....................22 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
M10 Series                                                                                                                                                                Contents 
iv

--- Page 8 ---
Introduction 
Congratulations for purchasing the M10 Series. The CyberMed M10 Series is your best 
Slim LCD PC choice. With the fantastic appearance and small form factor, it can easily 
be set anywhere. The feature packed platform also gives you an exciting PC experience. 
CyberMed M10 Series Specifications 
Processor Support 
Intel Baytrail QC J1900 2.0G (Turbo 2.41G), L2 2M, 10W  
Motherboard Core Logic 
Integrated in CPU (SoC). 
Memory Support 
1 x DDR3L, SO-DIMM x1 , FSB 1066 / 1333Mhz, max. 8G 
Video & Graphics 
Intel Gen7@>300MHz 
Networking 
1x 10/100/1000MB Fast Ethernet, using Realtek RTL8111E-VL-CG 
Audio 
2 internal speakers with 82dB+/-3dB @ 2.0W. Realtek ALC662VDO-GR. With two optional 
audio jacks for Audio Out and Mic in. 
Storage 
One  2.5” 128GB SATA SSD as standard  
 
Wall Mount 
Support 75x75mm VESA mounting hole, using M4 screw.   
Swivel Stand 
Na 
LCD Panel 
10.1" LED LCD with 200 nits Brightness at Maximal Resolution of 1366x768. 
 
 
 
M10 Series                                                                                                                                                           Introduction 
Page 1

--- Page 9 ---
Touch Screen 
True flat projected capacitive 2F touch. Optional True flat resistive touch available base 
on project basis 
 
Webcam 
Optional 2.0 Megapixel Camera 
 
Expansion Slot 
One half size mini-PCIe for WiFi 
 
Wireless  
Optional 802.11 b/g/n + Bluetooth or 802.11 a/b/g/n +Bluetooth 
Bottom  I/O Panel 
1 Power Switch; 1 Power button; 1 DC/IN port 19V; 1 VGA;1 RJ45 COM3 (COM1/2/3 
powered RS232; COM3 default 12V by BIOS setting); 2 USB 3.0; 2 RJ45 COM (COM1 
and COM2 default 5V);1 LAN; 2 USB2.0 ports; 2 Audio Jacks (Line Out and MIC IN) 
extended to the bottom of the System 
Thermal 
Fanless solution 
Power Supply 
65 Watt Power Adapter  from DELTA ELECTRONICS, INC., model ADP-65JH, AC 
Input: 100~240V AC, 1.5A, 50-60Hz DC Output:  19V, 3.42A      65W  Max. 
 
Or  
 
Optional 90 Watt Power  Adapter from PROTEK POWER, model PMP90-13-2, 
AC Input: 100~240V AC, 1.06-0.45A, 47-63Hz DC Output:  19V, 4.74A      90W  Max. 
Peripherals 
Optional USB interface 3 Track MSR with housing-right side  
Optional Device Box with LINE OUT and MIC IN/Smart IC Card Reader/Scanner/RFID. 
Dimensions 
263mm (H) x 170mm (W) x 38mm (D)(without stand) 
 
Weight 
1.5 Kg Net/2.5Kg Gross 
 
 
 
M10 Series                                                                                                                                                            Specification 
Page 2

--- Page 10 ---
OS Support 
Windows 7, POSReady 7, Windows 8.1, Linux 
  
Dust & Waterproof 
IP54 (Front Panel) 
 
Intended use 
 
The M10 Series is designed for general pc application purpose for hospital environment 
and for diagnosis. It could be used for Radiology, PACS (Picture Archiving 
Communication Systems), LIS (Lab Information Systems) and Electronic Medical Record 
purpose. It shall not be used for life-supporting system. 
 
WARNING: Critical diagnostic decision must not be based solelyon images displayed by 
this device. 
 
Unpacking 
After opening the carton, there is the LCD PC with an accessory box. Check carefully to 
see if there are any damages ormissing parts. 
 
Read the Manual 
Please read this manual carefully and remember to keep thismanual for future reference. 
 
Safety Instructions & Cleaning 
This product has undergone various tests in order to comply withsafety standards. 
Inappropriate use or open the housing may bedangerous. Please remember to follow the 
instructions below toensure your safety during the installation and operating process. 
 
Transporting & Placement of unit 
 
1. When moving the unit on a cart; be very cautious. Quickstops, excessive forces and 
uneven surfaces may causethe cart to overturn thus risking the unit to fall to the 
ground. 
 
2. If the LCD PC unit does fall to the ground,immediately turn the power off and 
disconnect cords. Thencontact a service technician for repairs. Continual use of 
the unit may result cause a fire or electric shock. Also, donot repair the unit on your own. 
 
3. Having two or more people transporting the LCD PC unit is recommended. In addition, 
when installing theunit by suspending it also requires two or more people. 
 
 
 
M10 Series                                                                                                                                                        Intended Use 
Page 3

--- Page 11 ---
4. Before suspending the unit, make sure the material usedfor suspension is sturdy and 
stable. If not properly suspended, the LCD PC unit may fall and causeserious injury to 
people standing nearby as well as to theunit itself. 
 
5. If the user wishes to mount the LCD PC unit, rememberto use only the mounting 
hardware recommended by themanufacturer. 
 
Electrical and Power Source Related 
 
1. This LCD PC unit must operate on a power sourceas shown on the specification label. 
If you are not surewhat type of power supply used in the area, consult yourdealer or local 
power supplier. 
 
2. The power cords must not be damaged. Applied pressure,added heat, and tugging 
may damage the power cord. 
 
3. The power cord must be routed properly when setup takesplace. We advise that this 
aspect measure is to preventpeople from stepping on the cords or while the unit 
issuspended to prevent flying objects from getting tangledwith the unit. 
 
4. Do not overload the AC outlets or extension cords.Electrical shocks or fires may occur 
from overloading. 
 
5. Do not touch the power source during a thunderstorm. 
 
6. If your hands are wet, do not touch the plug. 
 
7. Use your thumb and index finger, grip firmly on the powercord to disconnect from the 
electrical socket. By pulling thepower cord, may result in damaging it. 
 
8. If the unit is not going to be in use for an extended periodof time, remember to 
disconnect the unit. 
 
9. The LCD PC unit uses 19V DC output from an adapter. Connect the unit to a power 
source with the same numerical value as indicated. Please use only the powercord 
provided by the dealer to ensure safety and EMCcompliance. 
 
WARNING: To avoid risk of electric shock, this equipment must only be connected to a 
supply mains with protective earth. 
 
Disconnect Device 
 
1. To fully disengage the power to the unit, please disconnect the power cord from the AC 
inlet.” 
M10 Series                                                                                                                                                         User Guide 
Page 4

--- Page 12 ---
Various Factors of Environment 
 
1. Operating Temperature: 0°C to 35°C; Non-operating temperature: -20°C to 60°C. 
 
2. Operating Humidity (Non-Condensing): 20% to 85%. Non-operating Humidity 
(Non-condensing): 10% to 90%.    
 
3. Do not insert objects into the openings. 
 
4. Do not have liquids seep into the internal areas of the LCD PC unit. 
 
5. Having liquids seep in or inserting objects into the unitmay result in electric shocks from 
taking and/or shortcircuiting the internal parts. 
 
6. Do not place the LCD PC unit in the presence ofhigh moisture areas. 
 
7. Do not install the LCD PC unit in a wetenvironment. 
 
8. Do not place unit near heat generating sources. 
 
9. Do not place the unit in a location where it will come incontact with fumes or steam. 
 
10. Remember to keep the LCD PC unit away fromthe presence of dust. 
 
11. If water has flow in or seep in, immediately disconnect theopen frame unit. Then 
contact a service technician forrepairs. 
 
Ventilation Spacing 
 
1. Do not cover or block the openings on the top and sides of the LCD PC unit. Inadequate 
ventilation may cause overheating thus reducing the lifespan of theunit. 
 
2. Unless proper ventilation is present, do not place unit in anenclosed area; such as a 
built-in shelf. Keep a minimum distance of 10 cm between the LCD PC unit andwall
 
 
Cleaning the unit 
1. Remember to turn off the power source and to unplug thecord from the outlet before 
cleaning the unit. 
 
2. Carefully dismount the unit or bring the unit down from suspension to clean. 
 
3. Please use a dry soft cloth to clean the unit. 
 
4. Take a dry cloth and wipe the unit dry. Remember to avoid having liquids seep into the 
internal components and areas of the LCD PC unit. 
M10 Series                                                                                                                                                         User Guide 
Page 5

--- Page 13 ---
Servicing, Repairing, Maintenance & Safety Checks 
 
1. If the unit is not functioning properly, observe theperformance level of the LCD PC 
closely todetermine what type of servicing is needed. 
 
2. Do not attempt to repair the LCD PC unit on yourown. Disassembling the cover 
exposes users’ to highvoltages and other dangerous conditions. Notify and request a 
qualified service technician for servicing the unit. 
 
3. To avoid risk of electric shock, this equipment must only be connected to a supply 
mains with protective earth. 
 
4. If any of the following situations occur turn the power source off and unplug the unit. 
Then contact a qualified service technician. 
(a) A liquid was spilled on the unit or objects have falleninto the unit. 
(b) The unit is soaked with liquids. 
(c) The unit is dropped or damaged. 
(d) If smoke or strange odor is flowing out of the operatingunit. 
(e) If the power cord or plug is damaged. 
(f) When the functions of the unit are dysfunctional. 
 
5. When replacement parts are needed for the LCD PC unit, make sure service 
technicians use replacement parts specified by the manufacturer, or those with the same 
characteristics and performance as the original parts. If unauthorized parts are used it 
may result in starting a fire, electrical shock and/or other dangers. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
M10 Series                                                                                                                                                            User Guide 
Page 6

--- Page 14 ---
ISO 7000-0434: Caution, consult ACCOMPANYING DOCUMENTS. 
 
  
ISO 7000-1641: Follow operating instructions or Consult instructions 
for use. 
  
IEC 60417 -5009: ready to use. 
  
IEC 60417-5031: Direct current. 
  
EU-wide legislation, as implemented in each Member State, requires 
that waste electrical and electronic products carrying the mark (left) 
must be disposed of separately from normal household waste. This 
includes monitors and electrical accessories, such as signal cables or 
power cords.When you need to dispose of your medical panel PC 
products, please follow the guidance of your local authority, or ask the 
shop where you purchased the product, or if applicable, follow any 
agreements made between yourself. The mark on electrical and 
electronic products only applies to the current European Union 
Member States. 
 
Power Management 
 
Power management of LCD-PC has the potential to save significant amounts of electricity 
as well as deliver environment benefits. 
 
To be energy efficient, turn off your display or set your LCD-PC to sleep mode after a 
period of user inactivity 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
M10 Series                                                                                                                                              Power Management 
Page 7

--- Page 15 ---
Power Management in Windows OS 
 
[Power Options] in Windows OS allow you to control the power management features of 
your display and hard drive. Go to [Start] > [Control Panel]. 
 
 
Then click on the [Power Options] link. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
M10 Series                                                                                                                                                Power Management 
Page 8

--- Page 16 ---
Select a power plan that suits your personal needs. You may also fine-tune the settings 
by clicking [Change plan settings]. 
 
 
 
The Shut down LCD-PC Menu presents the options of Sleep (S3) & Shut Down (S5) for 
rapid and easy management of your system power. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
M10 Series                                                                                                                                                      Power Management 
Page 9

--- Page 17 ---
Power Management through ENERGY STAR qualified Monitors (Not supply 
with the LCD PC) 
 
The power management feature allows the LCD-PC to initiate a low-power or “Sleep” 
mode after a period of user inactivity. When used with an external ENERGY STAR 
qualified Monitor, this feature also supports similar power management features of the 
monitor. To take advantage of these potential energy saving, the power management 
feature can be set to behave in the following ways when the system is operating on AC 
power: 
  Turn off the display after 15 minutes. 
  Initiate Sleep after 30 minutes. 
 
 
Waking the System Up 
 
The LCD-PC shall be able to wake up from power saving mode in response to a 
command from any of the following: 
  the power button, 
  the network (Wake on LAN), 
 the mouse  
 the keyboard 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Energy Saving Tips: 
 
  Tune the settings in Power Options under Windows OS to optimize your LCD-PC’s 
power management. 
  Install power saving software to manage your PC’s energy consumption. 
  Always disconnect the AC power cord or switch the wall socket off if your LCD-PC 
would be left unused for a certain time to achieve zero energy consumption. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
M10 Series                                                                                                                                                    Power Management 
Page 10

--- Page 18 ---
CyberMed M10 Series Overview 
 
Figure 1: Front View with Optional Webcam and Side View 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
M10 Series                                                                                                                                                                User Guide  
 Page 11 
ItemNo.  Description
1
  Touch screen
2  Built‐in web cam
3
  Ventilation
4
  O
p
tional

MSR cable hole

--- Page 19 ---
Figure 2: Rear View 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Figure 3: Bottom I/O View 
 
ItemNo.  Description 
a  Power button 
b  DC Jack 19V 
c  VG
A
 
d  COM3 
e  USB2 
f  COM1~COM2(from right to left) 
g  USB 2.0 (x4) (two optional USB) 
h  LAN 
i

AudioJackforMic‐INand

Line‐Out 
 
M10 Series                                                                                                                                                               User Guide 
 Page 12 
ItemNo.  Description
5
  VES
A
mountin
g
holes
6  Cable cover
7
  Power button

--- Page 20 ---
Figure 4: Dimension 
 
 
 
 
Figure 5: Optional Device Box(with USB cables attached) 
 
 
 
 
 
M10 Series                                                                                                                                                               User Guide  
 Page 13

--- Page 21 ---
Figure 6: Front View and Top View of Device Box 
 
 
Number Description 
a Line-Out 
b Mic-IN 
c Card Reader 
d Scanner 
e RFID 
 
 
Figure 7: Dimension of Device Box 
 
 
 
 
 
M10 Series                                                                                                                                                             User Guide  
 Page 14

--- Page 22 ---
System Assembly 
This chapter provides system assembly information and procedures. While performing 
any installation, use a grounded wrist strap before handling computer components and 
carefullyfollow all installation procedures.  Static electricity may damage the 
components. 
 
This chapter will include instructions for how to install CPU, heat sink, memory modules, 
hard disk drive (HDD), optical disk drive (ODD), mini-PCIE card. 
Necessary Tools 
  
 
A Phillips screwdriver can be used to do most of the installation.  One with 
a magnetic head is recommended. Applied maximum torque is 5kg. 
 
 
Pliers can be used as an auxiliary tool to connect some connectors or 
cables. 
 
 
Forceps/tweezers can be used to pick up tiny screws or set up the 
jumpers. 
 
 
Rubber gloves can prevent injury from static charge. 
 
 
 
 
Electric screwdriver can be used to secure all screws more quickly.
 
 
 
 
 
    Paper clip to be used to eject the ODD when System is power off. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
M10 Series                                                                                                                                                             User Guide 
 Page 15

--- Page 23 ---
M10 Series Disassembly 
 
ORIENTATION: Presumes the top of the LCD PC is away from you and the bottom or I/O 
controller board is nearest you.  Do not put any pressure on the LCD PC to avoid adding 
pressure to the System or place any equipment/device on top of it during 
assembly/disassembly. 
 
1.  Place the LCD PC face down on a padded surface. 
 
2.  If the System has a Stand. Remove the four screws from the base plate that 
attaches the stand to the LCD. Supporting the base while removing the last screw. 
 
3.  Remove the two rubber covering the screws on the cable cover. Then remove the 
two screws as shown in the following picture. 
 
 
 
4.  Remove the other four rubber covering the screws on the back of the System back 
of the System. Then remove the four screws as shown in the following picture. 
 
 
5.  Carefully lift up the back bezel to disconnect the cables.. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
M10 Series                                                                                                                                                               User Guide 
 Page 16

--- Page 24 ---
.  
 
Memory Module DDR3L SO-DIMM replacement 
 
 
1. The memory module has only one notch  
And will only fit in the slot one way. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2. Flip the ejector clips outward to remove the memory module 
from the memory slot. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3. Insert the memory module into the DIMM Slot at a 45° 
angle. Then push it in until the golden finger on the memory 
module is deeply inserted in the DIMM slot. 
 
4. Press the memory module down and the  
Metal clip at each side of the DIMM slot will  
Automatically close. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
M10 Series                                                                                                                                                                 User Guide 
 Page 17

--- Page 25 ---
Hard Disk Drive Replacement 
 
 
 
 
1.  Loosen the two screws to remove the HDD bracket from 
the System. 
2.  The HDD is secured by the bracket. Remove the two 
screws to release the bracket to replace the HDD. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Optional MSR installation 
 
 
1.  Insert the MSR module in place and fasten the two 
screws on the Side to secure the module 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2.  Connect the MSR cable to the USB situated on the 
bottom I/O of the System. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3.Close the cable cover and fasten with two screws. 
Make sure the MSR cable is threaded through the MSR 
cable hole on the side of the System. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
M10 Series                                                                                                                                                              User Guide 
 Page 18

--- Page 26 ---
Motherboard Layout 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
M10 Series                                                                                                                                                            User Guide 
 Page 19

--- Page 27 ---
Connectors & Functions 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
M10 Series                                                                                                                                                               User Guide 
 Page 20 
Connector  Function
CN1  FrontI/O board
CN2  Inverterconnector
CN
3
  LVDSconnector
CN6  S
y
stemFAN connector
CN
7
  LPT
p
ort connector
CN8  S
p
eaker & MIC connector
CN
9
 
4
0
p
inexternal connector
CN10  HDDLED connector
CN11  PowerLED connector
CN12  SAT
A

p
ower connector
CN1
3
/1
4
  USB
p
ort (internal)
CN1
5
  PS2ke
y
board connector
CN1
7
  MSRconnector
CN18  COM
5
(touch) connector
CN1
9
  Wide Ran
g
e
CN20  Powerbutton (internal)
CN21  LCMconnector
CN22  POS
3
2
5
5
1
p
in connector
CN2
5
  S
5
/S0Status LED
PWR1/PWR2  DCJack 
RJ45_1  LANconnector
RJ
45
_2  COM1/COM2
RJ
4
8_1  COM
3
 
DDR
3
_A1  DDR
3
SO‐DIMM
SATA0/SATA2   SAT
A
 
USB1/USB2 USB2.0 
USB
3
  USB
3
.0 
VGA1  CRTconnector
SW1  Powerbutton
MINI_PCIE1  MINIPCIE
JP1  Inverterselect
JP
4
  LCDIDsettin
g
JP
7
  Touchconnector

--- Page 28 ---
Jumper Setting 
Inverter Selection 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
COM1/COM2/COM3PowerSetting 
COM1,COM2andCOM3canbesettoprovidepowertoyourserialdevice. 
Thevoltagecanbesetto+5Vor+12VintheBIOS. 
1.

Poweronthesystem,andpress 
the<DEL>keywhenthesystemis 
bootinguptoentertheBIOSSetup 
utility. 
2.

SelecttheAdvancedtab. 
3.

SelectVGA/COMPower 
ConfigurationPortsandpress 
<Enter>togotodisplaythe 
availableoptions. 
 
 
 
4.

Toenablethepower,selectCOM1 
,COM2orCOM3Powersettingand 
press<Enter>.

SelectPowerand 
press<Enter>.

Savethechange 
bypressingF10. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
▲=ManufacturerDefaultSetting 
 
 
M10 Series                                                                                                                                                             User Guide 
 Page 21 
Function  JP1
 
▲LED 
1

3 
2

4 
 
CCFL 
1

3 
2

4

--- Page 29 ---
Cybernet e-recycling SOP 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cybernet has an e-recycling program that is very easy to use. Just follow the steps 
Explained below or go to our website at www.cybernet.us 
 
1. Request an RMA via phone, email or support request. 
2. We will arrange a call tag to have the product picked up. Just have it packed and 
ready to ship. 
 
We do the rest! 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
M10 Series                                                                                                                                                             User Guide 
 Page 22

