Brand: SONY
Model: Vaio Pcg Fr285M
URL: https://www.manua.ls/sony/vaio-pcg-fr285m/manual
Total Pages: 112
============================================================

--- Page 2 ---
Hardware Guide
Read this first
1
nN
Read this first
Notice
© 2003 Sony Corporation. All rights reserved.
This manual and the software described herein, in whole or in part, may not be reproduced, translated, or reduced to any machine-
readable form without prior written approval.
Sony Corporation provides no warranty with regard to this manual, the software, or other information contained herein and hereby 
expressly disclaims any implied warranties or merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose with regard to this manual, the 
software or such other information. In no event shall Sony Corporation be liable for any incidental, consequential, or special damages, 
whether based on tort, contract, or otherwise, arising out of or in connection with this manual, the software, or other information 
contained herein or the use thereof.
Macrovision: This product incorporates copyright protection technology that is protected by U.S.patents and other intellectual property 
rights. Use of this copyright protection technology must be authorized by Macrovision, and is intended for home and other limited 
viewing uses only unless otherwise authorized by Macrovision. Reverse engineering or disassembly is prohibited.
Sony Corporation reserves the right to make any modification to this manual or the information contained herein at any time without 
notice. The software described herein is governed by the terms of a separate user licence agreement.

--- Page 3 ---
Hardware Guide
Read this first
2
nN
ENERGY STAR
®
As an ENERGY STAR
® 
Partner, Sony has determined that this product meets the ENERGY STAR
®
 guidelines for energy efficiency.
The International ENERGY STAR
®
 Office Equipment Program is an international program that promotes energy saving through the use 
of computers and their office equipment. The program backs the development and dissemination of products with functions that 
effectively reduce energy consumption. It is an open system in which business proprietors can participate voluntarily. The targeted 
products are office equipment such as computers, displays, printers, facsimiles and copiers. Their standards and logos are uniform 
among participating nations.
ENERGY STAR is a U.S. registered mark.
.

--- Page 4 ---
Hardware Guide
Read this first
3
nN
Safety information
Owner's record
The serial number and model number are located on the bottom of your Sony notebook. Record the serial number and the model 
number and refer to them if you call VAIO-Link. Read the printed Specifications document.
Warnings
General
❑ Opening the unit, for whatever reason, could lead to damages that are not covered by the guarantee.
❑ To avoid electrical shock, do not open the cabinet. Refer servicing to qualified personnel only.
❑ To prevent fire or shock hazard, do not expose your VAIO notebook to rain or moisture.
❑ Avoid using the modem during a severe electrical storm.
❑ Do not use the modem or a telephone to report a gas leak in the vicinity of the leak.
❑ To change the backup battery, please contact your nearest Sony Service Center.
❑ Before you connect peripherals, turn off the computer and all peripherals.
❑ Connect the power cord only after connecting all cables.
❑ Turn on the computer only after turning off all peripherals.
❑ Do not move your computer while the system is in Standby mode.
❑ The magnetic properties of some objects can have serious consequences for your hard disk drive. They can 
erase the data on the hard disk drive and cause the computer to malfunction. Do not place your computer 
near or on any objects which emit magnetic fields, mainly:
❑ TV sets
❑ Speakers
❑ Magnets
❑ Magnetic bracelets.

--- Page 5 ---
Hardware Guide
Read this first
4
nN
Audio/video
❑ Audio and picture distortion may occur if this equipment is positioned in close proximity to any 
equipment emitting electromagnetic radiation.
Connectivity
❑ Never install modem or telephone wiring during a severe lightning storm.
❑ Never install telephone jacks in wet locations unless the jack is specifically designed for wet locations.
❑ Be cautious when installing or modifying telephone lines.
❑ Use your notebook only with the supplied AC adapter. To disconnect your notebook completely from 
mains voltage, unplug the AC adapter.
❑ Please make sure that the socket outlet is easily accessible.
❑ Never touch uninsulated telephone wire or terminals unless the telephone line has been disconnected 
at the network interface.
Optical disc drive
❑ Misuse of the optical instruments supplied with your notebook can cause eye hazard. As the laser beam 
used in this product is harmful to eyes, do not attempt any disassembling process. For servicing, refer to 
qualified personnel only.
❑ There are visible and invisible radiations when the optical disc drive is open: avoid direct exposure to the 
laser beam.

--- Page 6 ---
Hardware Guide
Read this first
5
nN
Regulatory information
Sony hereby declares that this product is in compliance with the essential requirements and other relevant provisions of European 
Directive 1999/5/EC (radio equipment and telecommunications terminal equipment Directive).
Declaration of Conformity
The European Union is targeting the free movement of goods for the internal market and to prevent technical barriers to trade. This 
effort has resulted in several EU Directives asking that manufacturers make their products comply with essential standards. 
Manufacturers are required to affix the "CE" mark on the products they sell and to draw up a "Declaration of Conformity" (DoC). 
Primarily, the Declarations of Conformity are intended for the market surveillance authorities as proof that products satisfy the required 
standards. Additionally, Sony provides these EU DoC's on the website  http://www.compliance.sony.de as a service to our customers. 
You can search for all Declarations of Conformity available for a specific product by typing in the model name in the search box. A list 
of matching documents will be displayed and can be downloaded. Please note that the availability of declarations depends on the scope 
of the EU Directives and the individual product specifications.
 
This product complies with EN 55022 Class B and EN 55024 for use in following areas: residential, commercial and light-industrial.
This product has been tested and found compliant with the limits set out in the EMC Directive for using connection cables not longer 
than 3 metres (9.8 feet).
The optical disc drive is classified as a CLASS 1 LASER PRODUCT and complies with the Laser Product Safety Standard EN 60825-1. Repair 
and maintenance only by authorized Sony technicians. Improper repairs and use can create safety hazards.
 
Before activating the built-in modem, you are invited to read the Modem Regulations flyer leaflet. 
CLASS 1 
LASER PRODUCT 
TO EN 60825-1

--- Page 7 ---
Hardware Guide
Read this first
6
nN
Disposing of lithium ion batteries
❑ Do not handle damaged or leaking lithium ion batteries. Dispose of promptly and properly at end-of-life.
❑ Danger of explosion if the battery is incorrectly replaced. Replace only with the same or equivalent type 
recommended by the manufacturer. Discard used batteries according to the manufacturer’s instructions.
❑ The battery pack used in this device may present a fire or chemical burn hazard if mistreated. Do not 
disassemble, heat above 60°C (140°F) or incinerate.
❑ Dispose of used batteries promptly and properly.
❑ Keep away from children.
❑ In some areas the disposal of lithium ion batteries in household or business waste may be prohibited.
❑ Use the public collection system.
Disposing of internal memory backup battery
❑ Your notebook is equipped with an internal memory backup battery that should not have to be replaced 
during the lifetime of the product. For changing this battery, please contact VAIO-Link.
❑ Danger of explosion if the battery is incorrectly replaced.
❑ Dispose of properly at end-of-life.
❑ In some areas the disposal of lithium ion and other non-hazardous batteries in household or business 
waste may be prohibited.
❑ Please use the public collection system.

--- Page 8 ---
Hardware Guide
Welcome
7
nN
Welcome
Congratulations on purchasing a Sony VAIO notebook. Sony has combined leading-edge technology in 
audio, video, computing and communications to provide you with state-of-the-art personal computing.
Here are just some of the features your VAIO notebook has to offer.
❑ Exceptional performance - Your PC includes a fast processor, a fast CD-RW/DVD-ROM or DVD±RW* 
drive and an internal modem.
❑ Portability - The rechargeable battery pack provides hours of use without AC power.
❑ Sony audio and video quality - A high-resolution LCD screen enables you to take advantage of today’s 
advanced multimedia applications, games, and entertainment software.
❑ Multimedia features – Enjoy audio and video CDs.
❑ Interconnectivity – Your computer has Ethernet and i.LINK™ functionalities. i.LINK™ is a bidirectional 
digital interface for exchanging data. With the Memory Stick™ you can easily exchange and share digital 
data with compatible products.
❑ Windows
®
 - Your system includes Microsoft’s Windows
®
 XP Professional or Home Edition* with Service 
Pack 1 operating system*.
❑ Communications - Access popular online services, send and receive e-mails, browse the Internet.
❑ Excellent customer support - If you are experiencing any problems with your computer, please check 
the VAIO-Link website for a possible solution: 
http://www.vaio-link.com
Before contacting VAIO-Link, you should try to solve the problem by reading this Hardware Guide or the 
manuals and help files for the peripherals or software. 
* Depending on your model. Read the printed Specifications document for more information.

--- Page 9 ---
Hardware Guide
Welcome
8
nN
Documentation pack
Your Documentation Pack contains printed information and user guides to read on your computer.
Depending on your model, the user guides are compiled in the VAIO Info Centre on the VAIO Recovery 
and Documentation Disc or on your hard disk drive.
Printed documentation
❑ A Getting Started brochure, where you will find a brief description of the items in your box, and how 
to setup your notebook;
❑ A Specifications sheet, containing a table of specifications and a list of bundled software.
❑ A Guide to Troubleshooting and Using the VAIO Recovery and Documentation Disc*, where you 
will find solutions to common problems, an explanation of the purpose and use of the VAIO Recovery 
and Documentation Disc delivered with your computer, and VAIO-Link information.
OR:
A Guide to Troubleshooting and Recovering your VAIO system*, where you will find solutions to 
common problems, an explanation of the VAIO hard disk drive recovery, and VAIO-Link information;
❑ A Dual Language Operating System leaflet**;
❑ A Triple Language Operating System leaflet***,
❑ You r  Sony Guarantee conditions;
❑ A Safety Regulations leaflet;
❑ A Modem Regulations leaflet.
* Depending on your model.
** Depending on your country. Dual Language Operating Systems are available in Belgium and the Netherlands.
*** Depending on your country. Triple Language Operating Sytems are available in Switzerland.

--- Page 10 ---
Hardware Guide
Welcome
9
nN
Non-printed documentation
The documentation available in the VAIO Info Centre includes the following guides:
❑ The Hardware Guide (this guide):
❑ The Software Guide, which contains short descriptions of the software features available with VAIO 
systems.
Further sources
1 Consult the Online Help files of the software you are using for detailed information on features and 
troubleshooting.
2 Go to http://www.club-vaio.com to find online tutorials about your favourite VAIO software.

--- Page 11 ---
Hardware Guide
Welcome
10
nN
Your notebook and its accessories
The following hardware items are in the box:
 
✍ If you find an extra phone plug in the box, see Using the correct phone plug (page 55).
* Depending on your model. If there is a disc in the box, see the printed Guide to Troubleshooting and Using the VAIO Recovery and 
Documentation Disc for details. If there is no disc in the box, see the printed Guide to Troubleshooting and Recovering your VAIO system.
**Not available with models sold in Belgium or Spain.
1 Main unit   5 Phone cable
2 VAIO Recovery and Documentation Disc*   6 Power cord
3 AC adapter   7 Phone plug**
4 Rechargeable battery pack   8 Documentation pack

--- Page 12 ---
Hardware Guide
Welcome
11
nN
Ergonomic considerations
You will be using your notebook as a portable device in a variety of environments. Whenever possible, you 
should attempt to take account of the following ergonomic considerations to both stationary and portable 
environments:
 
❑ Positioning your computer – Place the computer directly in front of you (1). Keep your forearms 
horizontal (2), with your wrists in a neutral, comfortable position (3) while using the keyboard, 
touchpad, or external mouse. Let your upper arms hang naturally at your sides. Have breaks during 
sessions with your computer. Excessive use of the computer may strain muscles or tendons.

--- Page 13 ---
Hardware Guide
Welcome
12
nN
❑ Furniture and posture – Sit in a chair with good back support. Adjust the level of the chair so your feet 
are flat on the floor. A footrest may make you more comfortable. Sit in a relaxed, upright posture and 
avoid slouching forward or leaning far backwards.
❑ Viewing angle of the computer’s display – Use the display’s tilting feature to find the best position. 
You can reduce eye strain and muscle fatigue by adjusting the tilt of the display to the proper position. 
Adjust the brightness setting of the display as well.
❑ Lighting – Choose a location where windows and lights do not create glare and reflection on the 
display. Use indirect lighting to avoid bright spots on the display. You can also purchase accessories for 
your display that help reduce glare. Proper lighting adds to your comfort and work effectiveness. 
❑ Positioning an external display – When using an external display, set the display at a comfortable 
viewing distance. Make sure the display screen is at eye level or slightly lower when you are sitting in 
front of the monitor.

--- Page 14 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
13
nN
Using your notebook
This section describes how to start using your computer and how to use your computer’s internal and 
external devices.
❑ Locating controls and connectors (page 14)
❑ Connecting a power source (page 19)
❑ Starting your notebook (page 23)
❑ Setting up your notebook with Sony Notebook Setup (page 24)
❑ Changing the video memory size (page 26)
❑ Shutting down your notebook (page 27)
❑ Using the keyboard (page 28)
❑ Using the touchpad (page 33)
❑ Using the disc drive (page 34)
❑ Using the floppy disk drive (page 38)
❑ Using PC Cards (page 40)
❑ Using Memory Stick™ (page 43)
❑ Using the modem (page 54)
❑ Using power saving modes (page 56)

--- Page 15 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
14
nN
Locating controls and connectors
Right
* Depending on your model. Read the printed Specifications document for more information.
1 Power button (page 23)
2 DC In connector (page 19)
3 CD-RW/DVD-ROM or DVD±RW drive* (page 34)
4Battery bay (page 20)

--- Page 16 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
15
nN
Left
 
✍ Do not cover the ventilation slot when the computer is on.
* This USB connector supports USB 2.0 standard. USB 2.0 is a new USB (Universal Serial Bus) standard which supports higher data transfer 
speed than USB 1.1. Connectors which support USB 2.0 support products with USB 1.1.
There are 3 transfer modes:
- High-speed: 480Mbps, this is the highest speed.
- Full-speed: 12Mbps transfer mode.
- Low-speed: 1.5Mbps transfer mode. Used for low-speed devices such as mouse and keyboards.
1 2 USB 2.0 ports (High-
speed/Full-speed/Low-
speed)*
(page 70)
2 AV out jack (for TV and 
line out)
(page 62)
3 Microphone connector (page 69)
4 Headphone connector (page 68)
5 i.LINK™ connector (page 73)
6 Ventilation slot (page 15)
7 PC Card slots (page 40)
8 Memory Stick slot (page 43)
9 Floppy disk drive (page 38)

--- Page 17 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
16
nN
Front
 
  1 Power indicator (page 31)
  2 Battery indicator (page 31)
  3 Hard disk drive indicator (page 31)
  4 Num Lock indicator (page 31)
  5 Caps Lock indicator (page 31)
  6 Scroll Lock indicator (page 31)
  7  LCD screen (page 32)
  8 Speakers (page 32)
  9 Model name /
 10 Memory Stick indicator (page 31)
 11 Left/right buttons (page 33)
 12 Touchpad (page 33)
 13 Keyboard (page 28)

--- Page 18 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
17
nN
Back
 
1 Modem connector             (page 54)
2 Ethernet connector            (page 75)
3 Monitor/VGA connector (page 60)
4 Printer connector (page 71)
5 Ventilation slot (page 15)
6 1 USB 2.0 port
(High-speed/Full-speed/
Low-speed)
(page 70)

--- Page 19 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
18
nN
Bottom
 
1 Reset button /
2 Memory module cover (page 94)
3 Modem module cover (page 54)

--- Page 20 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
19
nN
Connecting a power source
You can use either an AC adapter or a rechargeable battery pack as a power source.
Using the AC adapter
To use the AC adapter, proceed as follows:
1 Plug the cable attached to the AC adapter (1) into the DC In connector (2) on the computer.
2 Plug one end of the power cord (3) into the AC adapter. 
3 Plug the other end of the power cord into an AC outlet.
 
✍ Use your notebook only with the supplied AC adapter.
To disconnect your notebook completely from mains voltage, unplug the AC adapter.
Make sure that the socket outlet is easily accessible.

--- Page 21 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
20
nN
Using the battery pack
You can use one battery as a source of power.
The battery pack supplied with your computer is not fully charged at the time of purchase.
Inserting the battery pack
To insert the battery pack, proceed as follows:
1 Open the cover of the battery bay.
 
2 Insert the battery pack with the label facing down into the battery bay on the right side of the computer.
 
3 Close the cover of the battery bay until it clicks.
✍ When the computer is directly connected to AC power and has a battery pack inserted in the battery bay, it uses power from the AC outlet.

--- Page 22 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
21
nN
Charging the battery pack
To charge the battery pack, proceed as follows:
1 Connect the AC adapter to the computer. 
2 Insert the battery pack.
The computer automatically charges the battery (the battery indicator light flashes in a double blink 
pattern as the battery charges). When the battery is 85% full, the battery indicator light turns off. This 
process takes approximately 2.5 hours if your notebook is on. To charge the battery completely, continue 
charging for an additional hour.
 Indicates the status of the battery pack in the battery bay.
 
✍ Keep the battery pack in the computer while it is directly connected to 
AC power. The battery pack continues to charge while you are using the 
computer.
If the battery level falls below 10%, you should either attach the AC adapter 
to recharge the battery or shut down your computer and insert a fully 
charged battery.
battery indicator 
light status
meaning
On The computer is using battery power.
Single blink The battery is running out of power.
Double blink The battery is charging.
Off The computer is using AC power.

--- Page 23 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
22
nN
The battery pack supplied with your computer is a lithium ion battery and can be recharged any time. Charging a partially discharged battery does 
not affect battery life.
The battery indicator light is on while you use the battery pack as a power source. When the battery life is nearly depleted, both the battery and power 
indicators start flashing.
For some software applications and some peripheral devices, your computer may not enter Hibernate mode even when battery life is low. To avoid 
loss of data when using battery power, you should save your data frequently and manually activate a power management mode, such as Standby 
or Hibernate.
When the computer is directly connected to AC power and has a battery pack inserted in the battery bay, it uses power from the AC outlet.
Removing the battery pack
To remove the battery pack, proceed as follows:
1 Turn off the computer.
2 Open the cover of the battery bay.
3 Pull out the battery pack.
 
4 Close the cover of the battery bay.
✍ You may lose data if you remove the battery pack while the computer is on and not connected to the AC adapter or if you remove the battery while 
the computer is in Standby mode.

--- Page 24 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
23
nN
Starting your notebook
To start your computer, proceed as follows:
1 Slide the LCD lock lever (1) in the direction of the 
arrow, and lift the cover.
2 Press the power button (2) of the computer until 
the green power indicator (3) light turns on.
3 If necessary, adjust the brightness on the LCD 
display. To increase the brightness, hold down 
the <Fn> key and  <F5> and press the up or right 
arrow key. To decrease brightness, hold down 
the <Fn> key and <F5> and press the left or 
down arrow key.
✍  If you press the power button for more than four seconds, the 
computer will turn off.

--- Page 25 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
24
nN
Setting up your notebook with Sony Notebook Setup
The Sony Notebook Setup utility allows you to consult system information, specify preferences for system 
behaviour, and set up password protection for your VAIO notebook.
To use Sony Notebook Setup, proceed as follows:
1 Click the Start button on the Windows
®
 taskbar.
2 In All Programs, select Sony Notebook Setup and then click Sony Notebook Setup.
The Sony Notebook Setup window appears.
 
Tab Description
About This 
Computer
Displays system information, including 
memory capacity, serial number, and BIOS 
version.
Initial 
Setting
Selects the drive and device order you wish to 
use for loading the operating system. You can 
specify the hard drive as well as other drives 
inserted into your computer. You can change 
the volume of the sounds played while the 
operating system is loading.
Power On 
Password
Sets the password to secure your computer.
If you use this option, remember the 
password at all times. If you forget the 
password, you cannot change this setting 
anymore, and you will not be able to start 
your computer.
Device Disables ports or devices to release resources 
to the system. To change the port settings, 
select a port and click Settings in the Device 
tab.

--- Page 26 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
25
nN
3 Select the tab for the item you want to change.
4 Once finished, click OK.
The item has been changed.
✍ For more information about each option, click Help on the Sony Notebook Setup screen to display the help file.
If you open Sony Notebook Setup as a limited user, then only the About This Computer tab will be visible.

--- Page 27 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
26
nN
Changing the video memory size
You can change the video memory size of your computer in the BIOS (Basic Input/Output System). Changing 
the video memory size will automatically modify the main memory size of your computer.
Increasing the video memory size will speed up graphically intensive applications, such as image editors or 
computer games. However, the higher you choose to set the video memory, the less conventional memory 
you will have. Less conventional memory may slow down switching between open applications.
To change the video memory size of your computer, proceed as follows:
1 Turn on you computer.
Make sure that no peripheral devices (apart from the AC adapter) are connected.
2 When the Sony logo appears, press the <F2> key.
The BIOS setup window appears. 
3 Choose the Advanced tab by using the right arrow key.
4 On the Advanced tab sheet, choose UMA Video Memory size by using the down arrow key.
5 Press Enter.
A pop-up window appears, containing three memory sizes: 32 MB, 64 MB and 128 MB.
6 In the pop-up window, choose a memory size.
7 Press Enter.
The memory size is changed.
8 To quit the BIOS setup window, press the <Esc> key.
9 Choose Exit (save Changes) and press Enter.
A pop-up window appears, containing the question: Save configuration and exit now?.
10 Choose Yes to save you changes and exit.
Your computer will restart.
-or-
choose No to return to the BIOS setup window.
✍ You can check the video memory size on the About the Computer tab sheet in VAIO Notebook Setup.

--- Page 28 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
27
nN
Shutting down your notebook
It is important that you shut down your computer properly so you do not lose unsaved data.
To shut down your computer, proceed as follows:
1 Click the Start button on the Windows
® 
taskbar.
2 Click Turn Off Computer.
The Turn off computer dialog box appears.
3 Select Turn Off.
Wait for your computer to turn off automatically.
The power indicator turns off.
4 Turn off any peripheral connected to your computer.
✍ Respond to any prompts warning you to save documents or to consider other users.
If you are unable to shut down your computer:
- Close all software in use.
- If applicable, remove the PC Card. To do so, double-click the Safely Remove Hardware icon in the taskbar. Select the hardware you want to 
unplug and click Stop.
- Disconnect any USB devices.
- Press the <Ctrl>+<Alt>+<Delete> keys at the same time. If you have not changed the default settings, the Task Manager  will appear. Select 
Shut Down then Tu rn O ff.
- Press <Alt>+<F4> and select Turn  Off from the screen that appears.
If this does not work, you can press the power button for more than four seconds. This will shut down the computer. This operation may result in data 
loss. 
If you are not using the computer for a short period of time, you can save power by using the Hibernate mode. To enter Hibernate mode, press the 
<Fn> and <F12>-keys simultaneously. For more details on power management, see Using power saving modes (page 56).

--- Page 29 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
28
nN
Using the keyboard
Your keyboard is very similar to a desktop computer’s, but has additional keys that perform specific 
notebook-related tasks.

--- Page 30 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
29
nN
Keys Descriptions
Escape key (1) The <Esc> (Escape) key is used to cancel commands.
Function keys (2) The twelve function keys along the top of the keyboard are used to perform designated tasks. 
For example, in many applications, <F1> is the Help key. The tasks associated with each function 
key may vary from one application to the other.
Print Screen key (3) The <Print Screen> key takes an electronic snapshot of the screen and moves it to the 
Windows
®
 Clipboard. You can then paste the screenshot into a document and print it.
Correction keys (4) The <Insert>, <Back Space> and <Delete> keys enable you to make corrections.
Navigation keys (5)  These keys enable you to move the cursor on the screen.
Application key (6)   
The Application key displays a shortcut menu; pressing this key is equivalent to clicking the 
right mouse button.
Numeric keypad area (7) Contains the keys found on a typical calculator. Use the numeric keypad area to type numbers or 
to perform mathematical calculations such as addition and subtraction. Note that you must press 
the <Num Lock> key to activate the numeric keypad. When you do so, the Num Lock light 
illuminates.
Operator keys (8-11-12) Several keys are always used with at least one other key: <Ctrl>, <Alt>, and <Shift>. When held 
down with another key, the <Ctrl> (Control) and <Alt> (Alternate) keys offer another way to 
execute commands. For example, in many applications, instead of choosing the Save command 
from a menu, you can hold down <Ctrl> and press <S> (referred to as <Ctrl>+<S>). The <Shift> 
key is used to produce capital letters or special symbols such as @ and $.
Windows
®
 key (9)   
The key with the Windows
®
logo displays the Windows
®
Start menu; it is equivalent to clicking 
the Start button on the taskbar.
<Fn> key (10) The <Fn> key is used in combination with other keys to execute commands.

--- Page 31 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
30
nN
Combinations and functions with the Windows
®
 key
Combinations Functions
+ <F1> Displays the Windows
®
 Help and Support Center.
+ <Tab> Switches the selected button on the taskbar.
 + <D>
Displays the desktop.
+ <E> Displays My Computer.
+ <F> Displays the Search Results window to find a file or 
folder. This is equivalent to selecting Search from the 
Start menu.
+ <Ctrl> + <F> Displays the Search Results - Computers window 
where you can locate other computers.
+ <M> Minimizes all displayed windows.
<Shift> +  + <M> Returns all minimized windows to their previous size.
+ <R> Displays the Run window. This is equivalent to selecting 
Run from the Start  menu.
<Fn> +  + <Insert> Displays the System Properties window. This is 
equivalent to double-clicking the System icon in the 
Control Panel or right-clicking My Computer (then 
click Properties) from the Start menu.

--- Page 32 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
31
nN
Indicators
Indicator Functions
Power   
Power on: lights green.
Standby mode: flashes umber.
Battery   
Indicates the status of the battery inserted in the 
battery bay on the left side of the computer.
Memory Stick™  Turns on when the Memory Stick™ is in use. 
Turns off when the Memory Stick™ is no longer 
in use.
Light On Off
Hard disk  
Data is read from or written to the hard drive. The hard drive is not being accessed.
Num Lock   
Turns on when the number keys in the numeric 
keypad are active.
Turns off when the alphanumeric character keys in 
the keypad area are active.
Caps Lock   
Turns on when the characters appear in uppercase 
as you type. The <Shift> key lowers the case of 
typed letters when Caps Lock is on.
Turns off when the characters appear in lowercase 
as you type (unless you hold down the <Shift> key).
Scroll Lock   
Turns on when the screen scrolls differently 
(depends on the application, no effect in many 
applications).
Turns off when the information moves across the 
display normally.

--- Page 33 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
32
nN
Combinations and functions with the <Fn> key
 * This function can only be used by the first user to log on. It will not work if you have switched to another user account. If another 
user wants to display on an external monitor or TV, use the monitor properties to switch to an external monitor or TV.
✍ Some functions are not available until Windows
®
 is launched.
Combinations/ Feature Functions
<Fn> +   (F3): speaker switch
Toggles the built-in speaker on and off.
<Fn> +   (F4): speaker volume
Adjusts the built-in speaker volume.
To increase volume, press <Fn>+<F4> and then   or  .
To decrease volume, press <Fn>+<F4> and then   or  .
<Fn> +   (F5): brightness control
Adjusts the brightness of the LCD.
To increase lightness intensity, press <Fn>+<F5> and then   or  .
To decrease lightness intensity, press <Fn>+<F5> and then   or  .
You can see the brightness changing immediately on the screen.
<Fn> +   (F7)*: switch to the 
external display
Toggles between the LCD, external device (monitor or TV depending on which device is 
connected) and both LCD and external device. This function can only be used by the first user 
to log in. It will not work under a second user account.
<Fn> +   (F12): Hibernate Puts the system into Hibernate mode, the lowest level of power consumption. To return the 
system to the active state, press the power button.
For details on power management, see the section Using power saving modes (page 56).

--- Page 34 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
33
nN
Using the touchpad
The keyboard contains a cursor-pointing device, your touchpad (1). You can point to, select, drag, and scroll 
objects on the screen using the built-in touchpad.
 
Action Description
Point Slide one finger on the touchpad to 
place the pointer (2) on an item or 
object.
Click Press the left button (3) once.
Double-click Press the left button twice.
Right-click Press the right button (4) once. In many 
applications, this action displays a 
shortcut menu.
Drag Slide one finger while pressing the left 
button.
Scroll Move your finger along the right edge 
of the touchpad to scroll vertically. Move 
your finger along the bottom to scroll 
horizontally (the scroll function is 
available only with applications that 
support a touchpad scroll feature).

--- Page 35 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
34
nN
Using the disc drive
Your computer is equipped with either a DVD±RW drive or a CD-RW/DVD-ROM combined drive. Check the 
printed Specifications sheet for details on your model.
See the glossary at the end of this guide for more information on CD-RW and DVD±RW.
To insert a disc, proceed as follows:
1 Turn on the computer.
2 Press the eject button (1) to open the drive.
The tray slides out.
 
3 Place a disc in the middle of the tray with the label side facing up until the disc clicks into place.

--- Page 36 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
35
nN
4 Close the tray by pushing it gently.
✍ When the computer is in Standby or Hibernate mode, you cannot insert or remove a disc.
Be sure to seat the disc firmly over the disc drive hub fingers. If you do not seat the disc firmly, you could damage your disc drive and you may not be 
able to open the tray.
When you finish using a disc, wait until the LED indicator turns off and then press the eject button to remove the disc.
If the disc does not come out when you press the eject button, go to Windows Explorer or My Computer. Select the drive, click the right button 
of your mouse and select Eject to open the disk tray. If it still does not work, turn off the computer and insert a thin, pointed object (e.g. a paper clip) 
into the manual eject hole.

--- Page 37 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
36
nN
Using the disc recording function*
Your notebook is equipped with a CD-RW/DVD-ROM or a DVD±RW drive.
To burn CDs, you can use DVD/CD-RW and/or DVD/CD-Rs**:
❑ The -RW (-ReWriteable) disc is a data memory medium that can be used to write, erase and rewrite a 
program or other data.
❑ The -R (-Recordable) disc is a data memory medium that can be used to write a program or other data, 
but once only.
To achieve optimum performance when writing data on a CD-RW disc, follow these recommendations :
❑ To make a CD-R’s data readable on a CD-ROM drive, you need to close the session when you eject it. To 
complete this process, follow the instructions included with your software.
❑ Only use circular discs. Do not use discs with any other shape (star, heart, card, etc.), as this may damage 
the CD-RW drive.
❑ Do not strike or shake the computer while writing data to a disc.
❑ For optimal writing speed, deactivate the screensaver before writing data to a disc.
❑ Memory-resident disc utilities may cause unstable operation or data loss. Deactivate these utilities before 
writing data to a disc.
❑ Your VAIO notebook does not support 1x writing speed.
❑ When using your software application to burn CDs, be sure to exit and close all other applications.
❑ Never touch the surface of the disc. Fingerprints and dust on the surface of a disc may cause writing 
errors.
❑ Do not put your VAIO notebook into a power saving mode while using the pre-installed software and 
while using the CD burning software.
* Ultra Speed CD-RW is not supported.
** DVD or CD depends on your type of disc drive.

--- Page 38 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
37
nN
Using the DVD function
To achieve optimum performance when playing DVD-ROM discs, you should follow these recommendations.
❑ You can play DVDs using the DVD-ROM or DVD±RW* drive and the WinDVD for VAIO software. See the 
help file on the WinDVD for VAIO software for details.
❑ Close all open applications before playing a DVD-ROM movie.
❑ Do not use resident disc utilities or resident utilities to speed up the access of discs, because they may 
cause the system to become unstable.
❑ Make sure that the screensaver is deactivated.
❑ Region codes indicators are labelled on the DVD discs to indicate in which region and on what type of 
player you can play the disc. Unless a '2' (Europe belongs to region '2') or 'all' (this means that you can 
play this DVD everywhere in the world) is labelled on your DVD disc or on the packaging, you cannot 
play the disc on this player.
❑ Do not try to change the region code settings of the DVD-ROM or DVD±RW* drive. Any difficulties 
caused by changing the region code settings of the DVD-ROM or DVD±RW* drive are out of warranty.
❑ When a TV is connected, a part of the video screen will not appear with the factory settings. Adjust the 
display resolution to 800 x 600 or 1024 x 768.
❑ When playing a DVD movie, you can use the <Fn>+<F7> combination to view the movie at the same time 
on the notebook display and a connected external display. See Using the Dual Display function 
(page 65) for more details on customizing the display.
 * Depending on your model. Read the printed Specifications document for more information.

--- Page 39 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
38
nN
Using the floppy disk drive
Your computer is equipped with a floppy disk drive.
Inserting a floppy disk
To insert a floppy disk, proceed as follows:
1 Hold the disk (1) with the label side facing up.
2 Gently push the disk into the floppy disk drive (2) until it clicks into place.

--- Page 40 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
39
nN
Removing a floppy disk
To remove a floppy disk, proceed as follows:
1 Wait until the LED indicator (1) turns off.
2 Press the eject button (2) to remove the floppy disk.
 
✍ Do not press the eject button when the LED indicator is turned on. Otherwise, data may be lost.

--- Page 41 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
40
nN
Using PC Cards
This computer has a PC Card slot that supports Type I, II and III PC Cards. PC Cards allow you to connect 
portable external devices.
You do not need to shut down your computer when inserting a PC Card.
Inserting a PC Card
To insert a PC Card, proceed as follows:
1 Insert the PC Card into one of the PC Card slots with the label facing upwards. 
2 Gently push the PC Card slot into the connector.
The PC Card is automatically detected by your system.
The Safely Remove Hardware icon appears in the system tray.
✍ Some devices may not function properly if you repeat Returning to Normal mode from Standby mode or Hibernate mode.
The computer will return to its original state if you restart it.
The PC Card slots can accommodate two Type I or II PC Cards (at the same time) or one Type III PC Card. These slots are compatible with CardBus 
ports.
Use the lower slot for Type III PC Cards.

--- Page 42 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
41
nN
Some PC Cards may require you to disable idle devices when using the PC Card. 
Make sure you use the most recent software driver provided by the PC Card manufacturer.
If an “!” mark appears in the Device Manager dialog box, remove the software driver and then reinstall it.
You do not need to shut down the computer before inserting or removing a PC Card.
Do not force a PC Card into the slot. It may damage the connector pins. If you have difficulty inserting a PC Card, check that you are inserting the PC 
Card in the correct direction. See the manual supplied with your PC Card for more information on use.
For some PC Cards, if you alternate between Normal power operation and Standby or Hibernate power management modes while the card is 
inserted, you may find that a device connected to your system is not recognised. Reboot your system to correct the problem.
Do not carry your notebook while touching the head of a PC Card, as pressure or shock may damage the connector pins.
It is recommended that you always use the same slot for a PC Card as switching slots can cause problems with some PC Cards.

--- Page 43 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
42
nN
Removing a PC Card
Follow the steps below to remove the PC card while your computer is on. If it is not removed correctly, your 
system may not work properly. If you want to remove a PC Card when your computer is off, skip steps 1 to 7. 
To remove a PC Card, proceed as follows:
1 Double-click the Safely Remove Hardware icon in the taskbar.
The Safely Remove Hardware dialog box appears.
2 Select the hardware you want to unplug.
3 Click Stop.
4 In the Stop a Hardware device dialog box, confirm that the device can be safely removed from the 
system.
5 Click OK.
You get a message saying that it is safe to remove the device.
6 Click OK.
7 Click Close.
8 Press the PC Card release button so that it pops out.
9 Push the PC Card release button to eject the card.
10 Gently grasp the card and pull it out.
11 If the PC Card release button is still out, push it back in to close the front panel cover.
✍ If you unplug the PC Card from the computer when this is still turned on, your system might crash and you might lose data that you did not save before.
Before you remove the PC Card, right-click the PC Card icon in the taskbar and close the card. Close any applications that use the PC Card before 
removing the card. Otherwise, data may be lost.
While the card is inserted, your computer may not enter the Hibernate power management mode. It may enter Standby mode. It is recommended 
that you remove the card before you manually enter Hibernate mode, or when your computer is set to enter Hibernate automatically while using 
a battery as the source of power.
Some PC Cards or their functions may not be compatible with this computer.

--- Page 44 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
43
nN
Using Memory Stick™
Your VAIO computer is designed to support the Memory Stick™. The Memory Stick™ is a compact, portable, 
and versatile device especially designed for exchanging and sharing digital data with compatible products. 
Because it is removable, it can be used for external data storage.
Use the flash memory technology to download anything that can be converted into digital data, such as 
pictures, music, words, sounds, movies and photographs.
Foreseen as the universal data storage device of the future, the Memory Stick™ can already be used with an 
ever-increasing range of compatible products, including:
❑ Audio systems
❑ Visual devices
❑ VAIO products
❑ CLIE handhelds
❑ Mobile phones.
There are currently three different types of Memory Stick™ supported by your VAIO:
❑ The generic Memory Stick™, coloured blue.
❑ The MagicGate Memory Stick™, coloured white.
❑ The Memory Stick PRO™. 
✍ You can purchase Memory Sticks™ from the Sony Style website (http://www.sonystyle-europe.com), or from your local Sony dealer.

--- Page 45 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
44
nN
Why Memory Stick™?
Sony's vision is to expand the world of communication, promoting the portability of digital data. The 
Memory Stick™ is the resulting medium, through which digital devices can be instantly connected. With it, 
you can download data from any compatible device, then transfer it to another in a single and instant 
transfer.
The main advantages of the Memory Stick™ are its:
❑ Compactness: with dimensions of just 21.5 mm (W) x 2.8 mm (H) x 50 mm (D), compatible products can 
also be small, lightweight and attractive in their design.
❑ Capacity: Its data capacity far exceeds that of a floppy disk.
❑ Security: its lock option means you can protect your data from accidental erasure.
❑ Versatility: memory capacity ranges from 4 MB up to 128 MB (the equivalent capacity of 88 floppy disks) 
and up to 1GB for Memory Stick PRO™.
❑ Reliability: by way of protecting the hardware and its contents, the number of terminals is reduced to 
only 10 pins. This, and the overall robust structure of the stick, gives it a longer lifespan than other 
storage devices.
❑ Durability: the same Memory Stick™ can be used tens of thousands of times.
❑ Forward compatibility: the Memory Stick's™ current format is designed to be compatible with future 
products and higher capacity Memory Sticks™.

--- Page 46 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
45
nN
Generic Memory Stick™
The original Memory Stick™, blue in colour, can be used to record image data taken with digital still 
cameras, etc. or data from the PC. With it, you can record, play back and transfer various kinds of data at 
any given time.
 
Because it is easy to remove and transport safely, you can use Memory Stick™ anywhere by inserting it into 
any compatible device to transfer and share the information you have saved.
For you, this means you can expand the capabilities of your VAIO computer in the following scenarios:
❑ With your still digital camera, share your holiday pictures instantly by e-mail.
❑ From your handycam to your VAIO, make the most of your captured moments with the VAIO's movie 
editing tools.
❑ Carry pictures on you by copying image files from the Internet to your VAIO or to your CLIE handheld.
❑ With your voice recorder, add your voice to e-mails so your tone is never misunderstood.
The blue Memory Stick™ is currently available with a 4, 8, 16, 32, 64 or a 128 MB memory (the equivalent 
capacity of 88 floppy disks).
✍ Generic Memory Sticks™ cannot be used with the Memory Stick™ Walkman, or with data that is protected by copyright.

--- Page 47 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
46
nN
MagicGate Memory Stick™
The MagicGate Memory Stick™, white in colour, records PC and image data just like its blue counterpart; 
the difference is it uses the MagicGate copyright protection technology.
 
With this type of Memory Stick™, also called the MG Memory Stick™, you can enjoy the following features:
❑ 32, 64 and 128 MB capacity versions.
❑ Storage of up to 120 minutes of audio data.
❑ Download and save:
❑ digital music
❑ pictures
❑ movies, and more.
❑ Combine data files to add music to your home movies, for example.
❑ Transfer and share data between several digital products.
❑ MagicGate Copyright Protection Technology.
❑ SDMI (Secure Digital Music Initiative) Compliance.
❑ SonicStage software.
So that you further distinguish a MagicGate Memory Stick™ from a generic one, look for:
❑ the   logo printed on it
❑ a protruding dot located on the back.

--- Page 48 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
47
nN
✍ MagicGate is a copyright protection technology that complies with the standards set by SDMI (Secure Digital Music Initiative, an organization working 
to draw up industry standard specifications in order to protect copyrights of digital music).
The   logo indicates the copyright protection system devised by Sony. It is not meant to guarantee compatibility with other media.
MagicGate
MagicGate refers to the copyright protection technology used by the MagicGate Memory Stick™ and other 
MagicGate Memory Stick™ compatible devices.
The Memory Stick™ Walkman and MagicGate Memory Stick™ work together to check the data and ensure 
it complies with copyright protection.
If no problems are detected, the data is exchanged in encrypted form; if authentication is not passed, data 
cannot be exchanged or played back.
SonicStage
SonicStage uses copyright protection technology designed to manage the digital music content downloaded 
to the PC from CDs, the Internet and/or other sources.
Software installed on the PC records music content in encrypted form onto the hard disk. As well as allowing 
you to enjoy music on the PC, this technology protects against unauthorized distribution on the Internet. 
Since it is compatible with MagicGate, you can use SonicStage to transfer music that you have downloaded 
onto your PC to your white MG Memory Stick™, and playback on other MagicGate-equipped devices and 
media.
Copyright protection
People who create artistic works such as music are entitled to a "copyright", meaning that they have 
exclusive rights to dictate how their work is used. When they are created, artistic works are automatically 
protected by a copyright without having to submit notification or registration, and may not be used without 
the permission of the person who created the work.
In the music world, however, illegal acts of distributing music without the permission of the artist,

--- Page 49 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
48
nN
particularly on the Internet, have recently been on the increase. That is why the Recording Industry 
Association of America (RIAA) took the initiative to organize a forum called Secure Music Digital Initiative 
(SDMI) to study technology for protecting copyrights during the electronic distribution of music.
Sony offers the MagicGate Memory Stick™ and Memory Stick™ Walkman with a copyright protection 
function that complies with SDMI standards, thereby providing an environment where individuals can 
record and enjoy third-party music data without worrying about copyright infringement.
✍ Literary works that are recorded by individuals are permitted for private usage only.
Compatible devices
There are nearly 80 Memory Stick™-enabled products on the market or announced for introduction world-
wide, ranging from camcorders and portable music players to voice recorders and many other electronic 
devices.
You can currently use Memory Sticks™ with the following Sony products:
Visual:
❑ Cybershot digital camera
❑ Mavica digital camera
❑ PC, TRV and VX series digital video cameras
❑ LC data projector
Audio:
❑ MS Walkman
❑ MS Hi-fi system
❑ Network Walkmans
❑ Voice recorders

--- Page 50 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
49
nN
Other:
❑ VAIO notebooks
❑ VAIO desktops
❑ CLIE Handheld Entertainment Organiser
❑ Sony mobile phones
❑ Digital printers
❑ AIBO the Sony Entertainment Robot
To find out more about the products available in your country, go to:
http://www.sonystyle-europe.com

--- Page 51 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
50
nN
Memory Stick PRO™
The Memory Stick PRO™ records PC and image data just like its blue and white counterpart. However, the 
Memory Stick PRO™ provides you with a capacity of up to 1 GB. It also exists in 256MB and 512 MB.
A 1 GB Memory Stick PRO™ card enables users to enjoy a staggering 6 hours of MPEG4 (384 Kbps) moving 
images or 24 minutes of DVD quality MPEG2 video. This equates to around sixteen audio CDs, assuming 64 
MB per CD, or 360 JPEG images in 5.0 Megapixel quality, more than ten rolls of 24/36 film.
Compatible devices
You can currently use the Memory Stick PRO™ with the following Sony products:
Visual:
❑ Cyber-shot DSC-F717, -F77 and FX77 digital camera
❑ DPP-EX5 and -EX7 digital photo printers
❑ Digital camcorders DCR-TRV355, -TRV22, -TRV33, -TRV60 and -TRV80
Other:
❑ MSAC-US20 USB Memory Stick adapter
❑ MSAC-US70 USB optical mouse and Memory Stick adapter
❑ MSAC-PC3 PC Card Memory Stick adapter
❑ MSAC-US7 USB optical mouse and Memory Stick adapter
❑ MSAC-US2 USB Memory Stick adapter 
Devices that can be upgraded to accept the Memory Stick PRO™ media via a software patch are:
❑ Sony CLIÉ PEG-NX70V handheld. Detailed information will be available on www.clie-link.com.
❑ Some VAIO models. Detailed information will be available on www.vaio-link.com.

--- Page 52 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
51
nN
Write-protecting a Memory Stick™
Memory Sticks™ are designed with an erasure prevention switch to protect valuable data from accidental 
erasure or overwriting.
Move the tab to the right or left* to set or release write-protection. When the erasure prevention switch is 
off, data can be saved on the Memory Stick™. When the erasure prevention switch is on, data can be read 
from but not saved on the Memory Stick™.
 
* The 128 MB Memory Stick™ has a vertical lock.
LOCK
LOCK LOCK

--- Page 53 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
52
nN
Inserting a Memory Stick™
There are 2 ways you can insert a Memory Stick™ in your notebook:
❑ Using the Memory Stick™ slot;
❑ Using one of the PC Card slots. To do this, you need an optional PC Card adapter.
You can only insert one Memory Stick™ at a time.
To insert a Memory Stick™ using the Memory Stick™ slot, proceed as follows:
1 Once you have stored your data from your digital device, insert the Memory Stick™ with the arrow 
facing up and toward the Memory Stick™ slot.
2 Carefully slide the Memory Stick™ into the slot until it clicks in place.
The Memory Stick™ is automatically detected by your system and appears in your My Computer 
window as a local drive, under the appropriate letter (depending on the configuration of your 
computer).
 
! Hold the Memory Stick™ with the arrow pointing in the correct direction when you insert it into the slot. To avoid damaging the computer or the 
Memory Stick™, do not force the Memory Stick™ into the slot if it does not insert smoothly.

--- Page 54 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
53
nN
Removing a Memory Stick™
To remove a Memory Stick™ using the Memory Stick™ slot, proceed as follows:
1 Check that the access light is off.
2 Push the Memory Stick™ in towards the notebook.
The Memory Stick™ ejects.
3 Pull the Memory Stick™ out of the slot. 
✍ Always remove the Memory Stick™ gently, or it may pop out unexpectedly.
It is recommended that you remove the Memory Stick™ before shutting down the computer.

--- Page 55 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
54
nN
Using the modem
Your notebook is equipped with an internal modem. You need to connect a phone line to take advantage 
of online services and the Internet, to register your computer and software online, and to contact VAIO-Link.
To connect a phone line, proceed as follows:
Plug one end of the phone cable (1) into the phone line jack on the computer and plug the other end into 
the wall jack (2).
 
✍ Your computer cannot be connected to a coin-operated telephone, 
and may not work with multiple phone lines or a private branch 
exchange (PBX). If you connect the modem to a parallel connected 
phone line, the modem or the other connected device may not function 
properly. Some of these connections may result in excess electrical 
current and could cause a malfunction in the internal modem.
Only DTMF (Dual Tone Multi Frequency) signalling (tone dialling) is 
supported.
A country-specific phone plug is supplied with your VAIO notebook, 
allowing you to plug the phone line into the wall jack.
We recommend you to use the supplied plug, because the usage of any 
other phone plug can decrease the connection quality.
Before using the modem, it will be necessary to select the country 
where you are actually using it. The detailed procedure for selecting 
your present location is explained in Configuring your modem in 
the Software User Guide.

--- Page 56 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
55
nN
Using the correct phone plug
If there are two phone plugs in the box, make sure you use the correct one for the country you are in, as 
follows:
UK: The connector can be identified by its cuboid shape and 
flat pins.
The Netherlands: The connector can be identified by its 
protruding pins.

--- Page 57 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
56
nN
Using power saving modes
When you use a battery as the source of power for your computer, you can take advantage of power 
management settings to conserve battery life. In addition to the normal operating mode, which allows you 
to turn off specific devices, your computer has two distinct power saving modes: Standby and Hibernate. 
When using battery power, you should be aware that the computer automatically enters Hibernate mode 
when the remaining battery charge drops below 5 percent, regardless of the power option settings you 
select.
✍ If the battery level falls to below 10 percent, you should either attach the AC adapter to recharge the battery or shut down your computer and insert 
a fully charged battery.
Using Normal mode
This is the normal state of your computer when it is in use. The green power indicator light is on in this mode. 
To save power, you can turn off a specific device such as the LCD or the hard disk.
Using Standby mode
Standby mode turns off the LCD screen and sets the hard disk and the CPU to a low power consumption 
mode. The umber power light flashes in this mode.
To activate Standby mode, proceed as follows:
Go to Start/Turn Off Computer and press Stand By.
To return to Normal mode, press any key.
✍ If you press the power button for more than four seconds, the computer will switch off automatically.
When the computer is in Standby mode, you cannot insert a disc.
The computer comes out of Standby mode quicker than out of Hibernate mode.
Standby uses more power than Hibernate.

--- Page 58 ---
Hardware Guide
Using your notebook
57
nN
Using Hibernate mode
The state of the system is saved on the hard disk and power is turned off. The power indicator light is off in 
this mode. 
To activate Hibernate mode, proceed as follows:
1 Go to Start and click Turn Off Computer.
2 Hold down the <Shift> key and press Hibernate.
Alternatively,
Press <Fn>+<F12>.
To return to Normal mode, press the power button. The computer returns to its previous state.
✍ If you press the power button for longer than 4 seconds, the computer will turn off.
When the computer is in Hibernate mode, you cannot insert a disc.
It takes more time to return to normal mode from Hibernate mode than from Standby mode.
Hibernate mode uses less power than Standby mode.
Do not move the notebook until its power indicator turns off.

--- Page 59 ---
Hardware Guide
Connecting peripheral devices
58
nN
Connecting peripheral devices
You can add functionality to your computer by connecting or using any of these peripherals.
Before you connect peripherals, turn off the computer and all peripherals.
Connect the power cord only after connecting all cables.
Turn on the computer only after turning on all peripherals.
❑ Connecting an external display (page 59)
❑ Selecting display modes (page 64)
❑ Using the Dual Display function (page 65)
❑ Connecting external speakers (page 68)
❑ Connecting an external microphone (page 69)
❑ Connecting a Universal Serial Bus (USB) mouse (page 70)
❑ Connecting a printer (page 71)
❑ Connecting an i.LINK™ device (page 73)
❑ Connecting to a network (LAN) (page 75)
✍ Hot plug and play devices should be plugged when the computer is switched on.
USB devices are hot plug and play devices. You do not need to shut down your computer prior to connecting these devices unless the manual supplied 
with the device states otherwise.

--- Page 60 ---
Hardware Guide
Connecting peripheral devices
59
nN
Connecting an external display
You can connect an external display to your notebook. For example, you can use your computer with the 
following devices:
❑ Computer display (monitor);
❑ Multimedia computer display;
❑ TV;
❑ Projector.
✍ Turn off your computer and the peripherals, unplug the AC adapter and the power cord before connecting the external display.
Connect the power cord after connecting all other cables.
Turn on the peripherals, then turn on your computer.
Connected external displays are used as second screens.
On Windows
®
 systems only, you can also use an external display to set up a virtual desktop.

--- Page 61 ---
Hardware Guide
Connecting peripheral devices
60
nN
Connecting a computer display
To connect a computer display, proceed as follows:
1 Plug the display cable (1) in the monitor (VGA) connector (2)   on the computer.
2 If necessary, plug one end of the display’s power cord (3) into the display, and the other end into an AC 
outlet.

--- Page 62 ---
Hardware Guide
Connecting peripheral devices
61
nN
Connecting a multimedia computer display
You can connect the notebook to a multimedia computer display that includes built-in speakers and a 
microphone.
To connect a multimedia computer display, proceed as follows:
1 Plug the display cable (1) into the monitor connector (2)   on the computer.
2 Plug the speaker cable (3) into the headphone connector (4)   on the computer.
3 Plug the microphone cable (5) into the microphone connector (6)   on the computer.

--- Page 63 ---
Hardware Guide
Connecting peripheral devices
62
nN
Connecting a TV
To connect a TV, proceed as follows:
1 Plug one end of the audio/ video cable (1) (optional) into the AV out jack (for TV (NTSC/PAL) and line out) 
(2) and the other end into the TV.
2 Plug the power cord of the TV (3) into an AC outlet.
3 Switch the input channel of the TV to external input.
4 Set up the TV configuration system.
 
✍ See the manual supplied with your peripheral for more information on 
installation and use.
If the display resolution of your computer is more than 1024 x 768 dots, a part 
of the image cannot be displayed on your TV. The hidden area on your TV can be 
seen by moving the cursor on your computer. If you want to display the full image, 
change the display resolution of your computer to 800 x 600 or 1024 x 768 
dots.

--- Page 64 ---
Hardware Guide
Connecting peripheral devices
63
nN
Connecting a projector
You can use a projector as an external display, such as the Sony LCD Projector.
To connect a projector, proceed as follows:
1 Plug the RGB signal cable (1) into the 
monitor connector (2) identified by the 
 symbol.
2 Plug the audio cable (3) (not supplied) 
into the headphone connector (4) 
identified by the   symbol.
3 Plug the RGB signal cable and the 
audio cable into the connector of the 
projector (5).
4 Connect the power cord (6) of the 
projector into an AC outlet.
✍ Under certain circumstances, you may not be able to 
display the notebook LCD screen and an external display 
or a projector at the same time.
You can toggle the output between the notebook LCD 
screen and the external monitor by pressing the 
<Fn>+<F7> key combination.

--- Page 65 ---
Hardware Guide
Connecting peripheral devices
64
nN
Selecting display modes
This notebook uses the ATI RADEON™ IGP 345M Chipset. You can select which display is used when the 
computer is connected to an external display.
To select a display, proceed as follows:
1 Click the Start button, and then Control Panel.
The Control Panel appears.
2 Click Appearance and Themes.
3 Click Display.
The Display Properties dialog box appears.
4 Click the Settings tab.
5 Click the Advanced button.
The ATI RADEON™ IGP 345M Properties dialog box appears. 
6 Click the Displays tab.
Select the Monitor, Panel or TV icon.
7 Click Apply and then OK.
✍ Under certain circumstances, you may not be able to display the notebook LCD screen and an external display or a projector at the same time.
Turn on the computer after you turned off the peripheral devices.

--- Page 66 ---
Hardware Guide
Connecting peripheral devices
65
nN
Using the Dual Display function
The dual display function allows you to distribute portions of your desktop across separate displays. For 
example, if you have an external monitor attached to the monitor connector, your LCD display and the 
monitor can function as a single desktop.
You can move the cursor from one display to the other. This allows you to drag objects, such as an open 
application window or a toolbar, from one display to the other.
This configuration of a single desktop distributed across separate displays, is referred to as a virtual desktop.
 
✍ Your monitor or TV hardware may not support the Dual Display function.
Certain software applications may not be compatible with Dual Display settings.
Make sure that your computer does not enter Standby or Hibernate mode while you are using 
Dual Display mode, otherwise your computer may not return to Normal mode.
If you set different colours on each display, do not divide one single window on two displays, 
otherwise your software may not work properly.
Set fewer colours or a lower resolution for each display.

--- Page 67 ---
Hardware Guide
Connecting peripheral devices
66
nN
Selecting the Dual Display mode
To select the Dual Display mode, proceed as follows:
1 Click the Start button on the Windows
®
 taskbar.
2 Click Control Panel.
3 Click Appearance and Themes.
4 Click the Display icon.
5 Select the Settings tab.
6 Click the display marked 2.
7 Select the Extend my Windows desktop onto this monitor check box.
8 Click Apply and then OK.
✍ Your monitor or TV hardware may not support the Dual Display function.
Setting the colours and resolution for each display
You can set the display colours and resolution for each display that is part of a virtual desktop.
To set the display colours and resolution for each display, proceed as follows:
1 Click the Start button on the Windows
®
 taskbar.
2 Click Control Panel.
3 Click Appearance and Themes.
4 Click the Display icon.
5 Select the Settings tab.
6 Select the display you want to change (1 or 2).
7 Select an option from the Color quality list to change colours.
8 Use the slider in the Screen resolution to adjust the resolution.
9 Click Apply and then OK.

--- Page 68 ---
Hardware Guide
Connecting peripheral devices
67
nN
Customizing the virtual desktop
You can customize the Dual Display mode by changing the position of the two monitors comprising the 
virtual desktop.
To customize Dual Display mode, proceed as follows:
1 Click the Start button on the Windows
®
 taskbar.
2 Click Control Panel.
3 Click Appearance and Themes.
4 Click the Display icon.
5 Click the Settings tab. 
6 Drag the monitor icons to match the physical arrangement of your monitors. The two monitor icons must 
be connected to create a virtual desktop.
7 Click Apply and then OK.
Deactivating the Dual Display function
To deactivate the Dual Display function, proceed as follows:
1 Click the Start button on the Windows
®
 taskbar.
2 Click Control Panel.
3 Click Appearance and Themes.
4 Click the Display icon.
5 Click the Settings tab. 
6 Click the display 2.
7 Deselect the Extend my Windows desktop onto this monitor option.
8 This will disable the Dual Display.
✍ For switching from Primary to Secondary display, see the section Selecting display modes.

--- Page 69 ---
Hardware Guide
Connecting peripheral devices
68
nN
Connecting external speakers
You can enhance the sound quality of your computer by connecting external speakers.
To connect external speakers, proceed as follows:
1 Plug the speaker cable (1) into the headphone connector (2).
2 Plug the other end of the speaker cable into the external speaker.
3 Turn down the volume of the speakers before you turn them on.
 
✍ Make sure your speakers are designed for computer use.
Do not place floppy disks on the speakers; their magnetic field may damage the data on the disks.

--- Page 70 ---
Hardware Guide
Connecting peripheral devices
69
nN
Connecting an external microphone
Your VAIO notebook does not contain an internal microphone. If you need to use a sound input device, for 
example to chat on the Internet, you need to plug in an external microphone.
To connect an external microphone, proceed as follows:
Plug the microphone cable (1) into the microphone connector (2) identified by the   symbol.
 
✍ Make sure your microphone is designed for computer use.

--- Page 71 ---
Hardware Guide
Connecting peripheral devices
70
nN
Connecting a Universal Serial Bus (USB) mouse
You can connect a USB device (e.g. mouse, floppy disk drive, keyboard, printer, …) to your computer.
Before connecting or disconnecting a USB peripheral, you do not need to shut down the computer.
You may need to install software (device drivers) supplied with your USB device before using the USB device.
There are 2 USB 2.0 ports at the left of your notebook and 1 at the back.
To connect a USB mouse, proceed as follows:
1 Select the USB port (1) of your choice.
2 Plug the USB mouse cable (2) into the USB connector.
You can use your USB mouse (3).
 
✍You do not need to shut down the computer before connecting or 
disconnecting a USB peripheral.
The USB mouse software driver is preinstalled on your notebook, therefore, 
you only need to plug the USB mouse into the USB connector and you can 
start working.
You may need to install software (device drivers) supplied with your USB 
device before using the USB device.

--- Page 72 ---
Hardware Guide
Connecting peripheral devices
71
nN
Connecting a printer
You can connect a Windows
®
-compatible printer to your computer to print documents.
Connecting a printer using the USB connector
You can connect a USB printer compatible with your version of Windows
®
 to your computer.
To connect a printer using the USB connector, proceed as follows:
1 Plug an optional USB printer cable (1) into the USB connector (2) identified by the   symbol on your 
computer and printer.
2 Plug the printer (3) power cord into an AC outlet.

--- Page 73 ---
Hardware Guide
Connecting peripheral devices
72
nN
Connecting a printer using the printer connector
To connect a printer using the printer connector, proceed as follows:
1 Plug the printer cable (1) supplied with the printer into the printer connector (2) identified by 
the symbol.
2 Plug the printer power cord (3) into an AC outlet.
 
✍ Before using the printer, you may need to change the Printer settings in the Sony Notebook Setup software.
Turn off your computer and the printer, unplug the AC adapter and the power cord before connecting the printer.

--- Page 74 ---
Hardware Guide
Connecting peripheral devices
73
nN
Connecting an i.LINK™ device
Your computer includes an i.LINK™ (IEEE1394) connector, which you can use to connect to an i.LINK™ device 
such as a digital video camera recorder or to connect two VAIO notebooks in order to copy, delete or edit 
files.
The i.LINK™ connector of your notebook does not supply power to external devices generally powered by 
i.LINK™ connectors.
The i.LINK™ connector supports transfer rates up to 400 Mbps; however, the actual transfer rate depends 
on the transfer rate of the external device.
The i.LINK™ features available may vary depending on the software applications you use. Refer to the 
documentation that came with your software for more information.
i.LINK™ cables compatible with your VAIO notebook include cables with the following part numbers: 
VMC-IL4415 (a 1.5 meter cable with a 4-pin connector at each end), VMC-IL4408Series (a 0.8 metre cable with 
a 4-pin connector at each end).
❑ Connecting two VAIO computers (page 74)
❑ Connecting a digital video camera recorder (page 74)
✍ An i.LINK™ connection with other compatible devices is not fully guaranteed.
The i.LINK™ connection varies depending on the software applications, operating system and i.LINK™ compatible devices you use. Refer to the 
documentation that came with your software for more information.
Check the working conditions and OS compatibility of i.LINK™-compatible PC peripherals (HDD, CD-RW drive etc.) before you connect them to your 
notebook.

--- Page 75 ---
Hardware Guide
Connecting peripheral devices
74
nN
Connecting two VAIO computers
You can copy, edit or delete files on another VAIO computer to your computer with an optional i.LINK™ 
cable. You can also print a document on a printer connected to another VAIO computer.
Connecting a digital video camera recorder
To connect a digital video camera recorder, proceed as follows:
1 Plug one end of the optional i.LINK™ cable 
(1) into the i.LINK™ connector (2) of the 
computer and the other end into the DV Out 
connector (3) on the digital video camera 
recorder.
2 Launch the DVgate application.
✍ On Sony digital video cameras, connectors labelled DV Out, DV 
In/Out or i.LINK™ are i.LINK™-compatible.
The Sony digital video camera recorder is an example; your 
digital video camera recorder may need to be connected 
differently. If your digital video camera recorder includes a 
Memory Stick™ slot, you can copy images from it to your 
computer via a Memory Stick™. To do so, simply copy images on 
the Memory Stick™, then insert it into the Memory Stick™ slot 
of your computer.
You cannot access the pictures stored on a Memory Stick™ 
when using an i.LINK™ connection.

--- Page 76 ---
Hardware Guide
Connecting peripheral devices
75
nN
Connecting to a network (LAN)
You can connect your computer to 10BASE-T/100BASE-TX-type networks via an Ethernet network cable. For 
the detailed settings and devices needed to connect to the network, consult your Network Administrator.
 
✍ The default settings make your computer able to connect to the network.
For more information about connecting your notebook to the network, please consult the Hardware troubleshooting section of the VAIO-Link website: 
How to troubleshoot network problems
! Do not plug a phone cable into your computer network jack.

--- Page 77 ---
Hardware Guide
Getting help
76
nN
Getting help
This section describes how to get help and support from Sony, as well as troubleshooting tips for your 
computer.
Sony provides several support options for your computer.
Sony support options
Please see the section Documentation pack (page 8) for details on the printed and online documentation 
delivered with your computer, as well as further sources of reference.
Other sources of information
❑ The online help files that accompany your software for instructions on using the software.
❑ VAIO-Link website: if you have any problem with your computer, you can access the VAIO-Link website 
for troubleshooting. Go to: http://www.vaio-link.com
❑ e- Support: This interactive part of our website http://www.vaio-link.com allows you to get in contact 
with our dedicated support team over the internet. Using a personalised account, you can log your 
technical queries with ease.
❑ VAIO-Link help lines: Before contacting VAIO-Link by telephone, try to solve the problem by reading 
the printed and printed documentation.
❑ Visit the other Sony websites:
❑ www.club-vaio.com if you want to know more about VAIO and become part of the growing VAIO 
community.
❑ www.sonystyle-europe.com for online purchases.
❑ www.sony.com for other Sony products.
✍ You need to set up an Internet connection before you can access the online features described here.

--- Page 78 ---
Hardware Guide
Getting help
77
nN
e-Support
What is e-Support?
You have searched our user guides and website (www.vaio-link.com) but have not found an answer to your 
question/issue? e-Support is the ideal solution for you!
Our e-Support Web Portal is an interactive website on which you can submit any technical query you may 
have regarding your VAIO and receive answers from our dedicated support team.
Every submitted query will result in a unique 'case number' to ensure smooth communication between 
yourself and the e-Support Team.
Who can use e-Support?
All registered VAIO customers are entitled to unlimited access to the VAIO-Link e-Support Web Portal.
How can I access the e-Support portal?
When you register your VAIO computer online at Club-VAIO (www.club-vaio.com), you will automatically 
receive an email with the link to the e-Support Web Portal, your Customer ID and some basic explanation a 
few hours later.
All you need to do is activate your account by clicking on the provided link in the email.
You are now ready to create your first case!
You can access the e-Support Web Portal from any computer with an active Internet connection.
A complete help file is available on the e-Support Web Portal to help you use our e-Support Service.

--- Page 79 ---
Hardware Guide
Getting help
78
nN
Can I submit questions in my native language?
Since you are interacting with our e-Support Team through a portal, which connects you directly to our 
central database, e-Support will only accept and deal with queries submitted in English.
Can I submit my questions at any time?
Yes, you can submit your questions 24/7, but please keep in mind that our e-Support Team can only treat 
your queries from Monday till Friday between 8am and 6pm.
Is there a cost involved for using e-Support?
No, this is a complete free of charge service offered to all registered VAIO customers!
How do I know when the e-Support Team has handled my query/case?
As soon as your case has been dealt with by our e-Support Team, you will receive an email, notifying you 
that your case has been updated.

--- Page 80 ---
Hardware Guide
Getting help
79
nN
Troubleshooting
This section describes how to solve common problems you might encounter when using your notebook. 
Many problems have simple solutions. Please try these suggestions before contacting VAIO-Link.
❑ About the computer and software (page 80)
❑ About the display (page 84)
❑ About discs and floppy disks (page 85)
❑ About sound (page 88)
❑ About the modem (page 89)
❑ About peripherals (page 90)
❑ About digital video captures and DVgate (page 92)
❑ About power management (page 92)

--- Page 81 ---
Hardware Guide
Getting help
80
nN
About the computer and software
My computer does not start
❑ Check that the battery pack is inserted properly and that it is charged. If it is and you still cannot start 
the computer, take out the battery and make sure your computer is running on the AC power supply 
only.
❑ Check that the computer is plugged directly into a power source (without an extension cord) and that it 
is turned on.
❑ Check the power socket is working by testing it with another device (e.g. a lamp or radio).
❑ Check that the power indicator on the front panel of the computer indicates that the power is on.
❑ Check that you are using the supplied Sony AC adapter.
❑ Check cables for signs of wear and tear (which can occur if the cable is twisted around the AC adapter 
during transport).
❑ If you cannot start Windows
®
, make sure there is no disk in the floppy disk drive.
❑ Confirm that the power cord and all cables are connected firmly.
❑ If you have plugged the computer into a UPS (Uninterruptible Power Supply), make sure the UPS is 
turned on and works.
❑ Unplug all external devices and cables, including the Internet connection.
❑ Remove any extra memory modules you may have inserted since purchase.
❑ If you are using an external display, check that it is plugged into a power source and turned on. Check 
that you have switched to the external display and that the brightness and contrast controls are adjusted 
correctly.
❑ Moisture condensation may have occurred. Do not use the computer for at least one hour and then turn 
it on.
❑ If the message Press <F1> to resume, <F2> to set up appears at the bottom of the display, you need 
to initialise the BIOS (Basic Input/Output System).

--- Page 82 ---
Hardware Guide
Getting help
81
nN
When I turn on my computer, the message Press <F1> to resume, <F2> to setup appears
This message is telling you to initialise the BIOS (Basic Input/Output System).
If the floppy disk drive is empty, proceed as follows to initialise the BIOS:
1 Turn off the computer.
2 Remove any peripheral devices connected to the computer.
3 Turn on the computer and press <F2> when the Sony logo appears.
The BIOS setup menu screen appears.
4 Set the date (month/day/year).
5 Press Enter.
6 Press the arrow keys to select System Time.
7 Set the time (hour:minute:second).
8 Press Enter.
9 Press the arrow keys to select the Exit menu.
10 Press the arrow keys to select Get Default Values and then press <Enter>. The Load default 
configuration now? message appears.
11 Make sure that Yes is selected and then press <Enter>.
12 Press the arrow keys to select Exit (save changes) and then press <Enter>.
The Save configuration changes and exit now? message appears.
13 Make sure that Yes is selected and then press <Enter>.

--- Page 83 ---
Hardware Guide
Getting help
82
nN
My computer does not shut down
It is recommended that you shut down your computer using the Turn Off Computer command on the 
Windows
® 
Start menu. Using other methods, including those listed here, may result in loss of unsaved data. 
If the Turn Off command does not work properly, proceed as follows:
1 Turn off the computer by pressing <Ctrl>+<Alt>+<Delete>. If you have not changed the default 
settings, the Windows Task Manager dialog box appears. 
2 Click Shut Down and then Tu rn Off.
❑ If this does not work, press the power button and hold it for at least four seconds.
This turns off the power.
❑ Unplug the computer from the AC adapter and remove the battery pack from your computer.
My computer or software program is not responding
If you suspect one application is locking your system, you can try to stop it, as follows:
1 Press <Ctrl>+<Alt>+<Delete> simultaneously. 
The Windows Task Manager screen appears. 
2 Scroll down until you see an application with the status Not responding. 
3 Select this application from the list and click End Task. 
Windows
®
 tries to close the application. 
If it fails to do so, a second dialog box appears.
4 Select End Task again.
❑ If the above method does not work or you do not know which application is locking your system, restart 
the computer:
1 Click the Start button.
2 Select Turn Off Computer, and then Turn off in the dialog box that appears.

--- Page 84 ---
Hardware Guide
Getting help
83
nN
❑ If the above method does not work, press the power button and hold it for at least four seconds. This 
turns off the power, risking the loss of unsaved data. Then unplug the notebook from the mains.
❑ If your computer locks up while playing a disc, stop the disc by pressing the eject button on the disc drive, 
then restart your computer.
❑ If the message Application not responding appears, click End Now. Please be warned that you will 
lose unsaved data.
❑ If this happens regularly:
❑ Contact the software publisher or designated provider for technical support.
❑ Make sure the software is compatible with your equipment and operating system.
❑ Try reinstalling the software.
My touchpad interprets a single tap as a double-click
Open the Mouse icon in the Control Panel and change the button assignments in the Mouse Properties 
dialog box. One of the buttons is assigned to the double-click action.
My mouse does not work
❑ If you are using a USB mouse, check that the appropriate driver and software are properly installed.
❑ Check that the USB mouse is plugged into the USB connector.

--- Page 85 ---
Hardware Guide
Getting help
84
nN
About the display
My screen does not display anything
❑ Check that the power indicator on the front panel of the computer is on.
❑ Check that the battery pack(s) are inserted properly and that they are charged. If using AC power, check 
that the connection to the mains is secure.
❑ If you are using an external display, check that it is plugged into a power source and turned on.
❑ Adjust the brightness of the screen.
❑ The computer display may be in Standby mode. If so, press any key to activate the display. It will take a 
few seconds for the screen content to appear.
❑ The computer display may be in Hibernate mode. If so, press the power button to activate the system. 
It will take a few seconds for the screen content to appear.
❑ The display mode may be set to external display mode. Press and hold the <Fn> key while pressing <F7> 
several times.
The window I have just closed is still on the screen
❑ Press <F5> to refresh the screen, or
❑ Press the Windows
®
 key + <D> twice to clean up the screen.
The screen image on my external display is not centred or sized properly
Use the controls on your external display to adjust the image.

--- Page 86 ---
Hardware Guide
Getting help
85
nN
About discs and floppy disks
My disc drive tray does not open 
❑ Make sure the computer is turned on and press the eject button on the drive.
❑ Click Start, and select My Computer. Right-click the optical disc drive and select Eject.
❑ If this does not work, try the following: 
When the computer is OFF, open the tray by inserting a sharp, pointed object (for example a paperclip) 
into the hole next to the eject button.
I cannot play a disc
❑ After inserting the disc, wait for a few seconds for the system to detect it before you try to access it.
❑ Make sure the label of the disc is facing up.
❑ If the disc requires software, make sure the software is installed according to the instructions of the 
program.
❑ Check the volume of your speakers.
❑ Clean the disc with an appropriate cleaner.
❑ Make sure your computer is running on AC power supply only and try the disc again.
❑ There may be condensation in the drive. Remove the disc and leave the drive open for approximately 
one hour. Remove the battery while you wait for the condensation to disappear.

--- Page 87 ---
Hardware Guide
Getting help
86
nN
I cannot play a DVD
❑ If a region code warning appears when you are using the DVD player, it could be that the DVD you are 
trying to play is incompatible with the DVD drive on your notebook. The region code is listed on the 
packaging of the disc.
❑ Change the resolution under Control Panel - Display to a lower resolution.
❑ If you hear sound but cannot see video, the video resolution may be set too high. Choose a lower 
resolution under Control Panel - Display.
❑ If you see video but cannot hear sound, check all of the following:
❑ Make sure the mute setting is off on your DVD player.
❑ Check the Master Volume settings of the Sounds and Audio Device Properties. If you have 
connected speakers externally, check the volume settings of your computer speakers and check the 
connections between your speakers and the computer.
❑ In the Device Manager, check that the correct drivers are installed properly. To display the Device 
Manager, click Start, then Control Panel. Double-click the System icon. On the Hardware tab, click 
the Device Manager button.
❑ A dirty or damaged disc may cause the computer to 'hang' while it tries to read the disc. If necessary, 
reboot the computer, remove the disc and then check that it is not dirty or damaged.
❑ Check your PG settings (Parental Guidance) in the DVD software as they might be preventing you from 
playing certain DVDs when they are activated.
✍ On your computer, the default DVD region code is 2. Do not change this setting using the Region Code Change function in Windows
®
, or using any 
other software applications. System malfunctions originating from the user changing the DVD region code are beyond the scope of your warranty and 
will result in service charges for repair.
If you do not immediately see the Display icon after clicking Control Panel, click Switch to Classic View on the left.

--- Page 88 ---
Hardware Guide
Getting help
87
nN
My floppy disk drive cannot write to a disk
❑ The disk may be write-protected. Disable the write-protect feature or use a floppy disk that is not write-
protected.
❑ Check that the disk is properly inserted into the floppy disk drive.
❑ Your floppy disk may be corrupt. Try to insert another disk.
The reading speed of CD/DVD-RWs is very slow
Generally, the reading speed of a CD/DVD-RW is slower than that of a -ROM or -R. The reading speed can 
also vary depending on the type of format.
The disc tray ejects even when it has been locked into place
❑ Ensure that the disc is placed with the label side facing up.
❑ Clean the disc and the disc drive lens with an appropriate cleaner.
❑ The disc may be scratched. Place another disc to see if that is the reason.
❑ There may be condensation in the drive. Remove the disc and leave the drive open for approximately 
one hour. Remove the battery while you wait for the condensation to disappear.

--- Page 89 ---
Hardware Guide
Getting help
88
nN
About sound
My speakers are not producing sound
❑ The built-in speakers may be turned off. Press <Fn>+<F3> to turn on the speakers.
❑ The speaker volume may be turned to the minimum. Press <Fn>+<F4> and then   or   to increase the 
volume.
❑ If your computer is powered by battery, check that the battery is inserted properly and that it is charged.
❑ If you are using an application that has its own volume control, check that the volume is turned up.
❑ Check the volume controls in Windows
®
.
❑ If you use external speakers, check that the speakers are properly connected and the volume is turned 
up. If the speakers have a mute button, make sure it is off. If batteries power the speakers, check that 
the batteries are inserted properly and that they are charged.
❑ If you have connected an audio cable to the headphone connector, disconnect the cable.
My microphone does not work
Check that the external microphone (optional) is plugged into the microphone connector.

--- Page 90 ---
Hardware Guide
Getting help
89
nN
About the modem
My internal modem does not work or cannot establish a connection
❑ Check that the phone line is plugged into your computer.
❑ Make sure that the modem is the only device connected to your phone line.
❑ Check that the phone line is working. You can check the line by plugging in an ordinary phone and 
listening for a dial tone.
❑ Check that the phone number the program is dialling is correct.
❑ The modem dialling mode may be incompatible with your telephone line.
❑ The modem may not work properly if you are with a Private Automatic Branch eXchange (PABX).
❑ In the Phone and Modem Options dialog box (Control Panel / Phone and Modem Options), check 
that your modem is listed in the Modems tab, and that the location information is correct on the 
Dialing Rules tab.
✍ If you do not see the Phone and Modem Options icon, click Switch to Classic View on the left side.
My modem connection is slow
Many factors influence modem connection speed, including telephone line noise or compatibility with 
telephone equipment (such as fax machines or other modems). If you think your modem is not connecting 
properly to other PC-based modems, fax machines, or your Internet Service Provider, check the following: 
❑ Have your phone company check that your phone line is free from any line noise.
❑ If your problem is fax-related, check that there are no problems with the fax machine you are calling and 
that it is compatible with fax modems.
❑ If you are having a problem connecting with your Internet Service Provider, check that the ISP is not 
experiencing technical problems.
❑ If you have a second phone line available, try connecting the modem to that line.

--- Page 91 ---
Hardware Guide
Getting help
90
nN
About peripherals
I cannot establish an i.LINK™ connection between two VAIO computers
❑ Disconnect then reconnect the i.LINK™ cable. If you still have no connection after waiting for a while, 
restart both computers.
❑ If either computer has just returned from a power saving mode, the connection may be affected. In this 
case, make sure you perform a full restart before connecting them.
I cannot use DV devices. The message ’DV equipment seems to be disconnected or turned off’ appears
❑ Check that the DV device is turned on and that the cables are properly connected.
❑ If you are using multiple i.LINK™ devices, the combination of the connected devices may cause unstable 
operation. In this case, turn off the power of all connected devices and disconnect unused devices. Check 
the connection and then turn on the power again.
❑ Use the manual import/export in DVgate Motion if the problems occur with third party cameras.
❑ You are strongly advised to use only Sony i.LINK™ cables, as using other brands may cause problems with 
the i.LINK™ devices.
My PC Card is not working
❑ Make sure the PC card is compatible with your version of Windows
®
.
I cannot print
❑ Check that all the cables of the printer are properly connected.
❑ Check the cable to see if the pins/connectors are not bent or missing completely.
❑ Check the manual supplied with your printer for troubleshooting solutions.
❑ Try a printer self test (if available) to see if the printer itself is still working properly. For more 
information, please consult the manual supplied with your printer.

--- Page 92 ---
Hardware Guide
Getting help
91
nN
❑ Try reinstalling the printer. Some printers have a specific installation procedure. Please check the manual 
supplied with your printer.
❑ Check that your printer is correctly configured and that you have up-to-date drivers. If necessary, contact 
your dealer.
❑ The default setting for the printer port mode is correct for most printers. If you cannot print, try 
changing the printer port mode, as follows:
1 Restart your computer.
2 When you see the Sony logo, press <F2>.
The BIOS setup menu screen appears.
3 Use the keyboard’s arrow keys to select the Advanced menu.
4 The documentation delivered with your printer should give you the relevant port option. 
5 Notebooks: If the printer port mode is set to ECP, change it to Bidirectional (for HP printers). 
If the printer port is set to Bidirectional, change it to ECP. 
Desktops: Select I/O Device Configuration or On board device Configuration, then press the 
<Enter> key.
6 Select Parallel Port Mode, then press the <Enter> key.
7 Select a printer port option using the arrow keys, then press <Enter>.
8 Press <F10> and save the new configuration. 
Your computer restarts.
❑ If you still cannot print, try resetting the printer connection, as follows:
1 Click the icon of the printer installed on your computer.
2 In the Printer Tasks menu, which has now expanded, click Set printer properties.
3 Have a look through the different tabs and check for abnormalities that you may be aware of. If you are 
unsure, check with the printer manufacturer's support service about the correct installation for the 
printer.
4 Restart your computer.

--- Page 93 ---
Hardware Guide
Getting help
92
nN
About digital video captures and DVgate
While I am recording images to a digital video device using DVgate, my system displays the message 
Recording to DV device failed. Check the power and cable connections to the DV device and try 
the operation again...
❑ Close all open applications and restart your computer. Frequent recording of images to a digital video 
device while using DVgate sometimes causes this error.
❑ Your DV device will need to have DV In/Out in order to be able to transfer your files to the DV device.
About power management
The power management setting is not responding
Your notebook’s operating system may become unstable if a lower power state, such as Hibernate is 
initiated, and then changed before the notebook completely enters the lower power state.
To restore the notebook to its normal operating stability, proceed as follows:
1 Close all open applications.
2 Push and hold the power button for four seconds or longer to shut down the notebook.

--- Page 94 ---
Hardware Guide
Precautions
93
nN
Precautions
This section describes safety guidelines and precautions to help you protect your computer from potential 
damage.
Your notebook and memory modules use high precision components and electronic connectors technology. 
To avoid the invalidation of your guarantee by mishandling, it is recommended that:
❑ You contact your dealer to install a new memory module.
❑ You do not install it yourself, if you are not familiar with upgrading memory on a notebook.
❑ You do not touch the connectors or open the memory panel.
Please contact VAIO-Link if you need assistance.

--- Page 95 ---
Hardware Guide
Precautions
94
nN
Changing or adding memory
In the future you may want to change or add memory modules in order to expand the functionality of your 
computer. You can increase the memory by installing optional memory modules.
Be careful when changing memory. Mistakes on installation or removal of the memory module may cause a 
malfunction.
For memory upgrades, use only DDR266 (CL=2.5) DDR-SDRAM SO-DIMM (gold leaf contacts).
Electrostatic discharge can damage electronic components. Before touching a memory expansion board, 
ensure the following:
❑ Handle the memory module gently.
❑ The procedures described in this document assume familiarity with the general terminology associated 
with personal computers and with the safety practices and regulatory compliance required for using and 
modifying electronic equipment.
❑ Disconnect the system from its power source (that is, battery or AC adapter) and from any 
telecommunication links, networks, or modems before you open the system. Failure to do so may result 
in personal injury or equipment damage.
❑ Electrostatic Discharge (ESD) can damage memory modules and other components. Install the memory 
Module only at an ESD workstation. If such a station is not available, do not work in a carpeted area, and 
do not handle materials that produce or hold static electricity (cellophane wrappers, for example). 
Ground yourself by maintaining contact with an unpainted metal portion of the chassis while 
performing the procedure.
❑ Do not open the memory module package until you are ready to change the module. The package 
protects the module from ESD.
! Use the special bag delivered with the memory module or wrap the module in aluminium foil to protect it from electrostatic discharge.
✍ Depending on the configuration of your notebook, the number of available slots can vary.
Introducing any liquids or any foreign substances or objects into the memory slots, or other internal components of the computer, will result in damage 
to the computer and any repairs will be out of warranty.

--- Page 96 ---
Hardware Guide
Precautions
95
nN
! Do not place the memory module in places subject to:
- Heat sources such as radiators or air ducts,
- Direct sunlight,
- Excessive dust,
- Mechanical vibration or shock,
- Strong magnets or speakers that are not magnetically shielded,
- Ambient temperature of more than +35°C or less than +5°C,
- High humidity.
Removing and installing a memory module
To change or add a memory module, proceed as follows:
1 Shut down your computer and disconnect all peripheral devices.
2 Unplug the computer and remove the battery pack(s).
3 Wait until the computer cools down.
4 Turn the computer upside down.
5 Open the memory compartment cover on the bottom by unscrewing the screw (turn anti-clockwise), as 
shown.

--- Page 97 ---
Hardware Guide
Precautions
96
nN
6 To remove the memory module, pull the tabs in the direction of the 
arrows numbered 1.
The memory module is released.
7 Pull the memory module out in the direction of arrow 2.
8 To replace or add memory, remove the new memory module from its 
packaging.
9 Place the memory module carefully into the slots, as shown, making 
sure the notches are aligned properly.
10 Close the memory compartment cover and tighten the screw.
11 Reinsert the battery pack(s) and turn on the computer.

--- Page 98 ---
Hardware Guide
Precautions
97
nN
Other precautions
❑ On handling the hard disk (page 98)
❑ On handling the LCD screen (page 98)
❑ On using power source (page 99)
❑ On handling your notebook (page 99)
❑ On handling floppy disks (page 101)
❑ On handling discs (page 101)
❑ On using the battery pack (page 101)
❑ On using headphones (page 102)
❑ On handling the Memory Stick™ (optional accessory) (page 103)

--- Page 99 ---
Hardware Guide
Precautions
98
nN
On handling the hard disk
The hard disk has a high storage density and reads or writes data in a short time. On the other hand, it may 
be easily damaged by mechanical vibration, shock or dust.
Although the hard disk has the safety device in itself to prevent losing data due to mechanical vibration, 
shock or dust, you should be careful when handling your computer.
To avoid damaging your hard disk:
❑ Do not give a shock to your computer.
❑ Keep away from magnets.
❑ Do not place your computer in a location subject to mechanical vibration or in unstable situation.
❑ Do not move your computer while the power is on.
❑ Do not turn off the power or restart the computer while reading or writing data.
❑ Do not use your computer in a place subject to extreme change of temperature.
❑ If the hard disk is damaged, the data cannot be restored.
❑ Do not move your computer while the system is in Standby mode.
On handling the LCD screen
❑ Do not leave the LCD facing the sun as it can damage the LCD. Be careful when using the computer near 
a window.
❑ Do not scratch the LCD or exert pressure on it. This could cause malfunction.
❑ Using the computer in low temperature conditions may produce a residual image on the screen. This is 
not a malfunction. When the computer returns to normal temperature, the screen returns to normal.
❑ A residual image may appear on the screen if the same image is displayed for a lengthy period of time. 
The residual image disappears in a while. You can use a screensaver to prevent residual images.
❑ The screen becomes warm during operation. This is normal and does not indicate a malfunction.

--- Page 100 ---
Hardware Guide
Precautions
99
nN
❑ The LCD is manufactured using high-precision technology. You may, however, see tiny black points and/
or bright points (red, blue, or green) that continuously appear on the LCD. This is a normal result of the 
manufacturing process and does not indicate a malfunction.
❑ Avoid rubbing the LCD screen, as this can damage the screen. Use a soft, dry cloth to wipe the LCD screen.
On using power source
❑ Your computer operates on 100V-240V AC 50/60 Hz.
❑ Do not share the AC outlet with other power-consuming equipment, such as a photocopier or shredder.
❑ You can purchase a power strip with a surge protector. This device prevents damage to your computer 
caused by sudden power surges such as those that may occur during an electrical storm.
❑ Do not place heavy objects on the power cord.
❑ To disconnect the cord, pull it out by the plug. Never pull the cord itself.
❑ Unplug your computer from the wall outlet, if you will not be using the computer for a long time.
❑ When the AC adapter is not used, unplug it from the AC outlet.
❑ Use only the supplied AC adapter. Do not use any other AC adapter.
On handling your notebook
❑ Clean the cabinet with a soft, dry cloth or a soft cloth lightly moistened with a mild detergent solution. 
Do not use any type of abrasive pad, scouring powder, or solvent such as alcohol or benzine, as these 
may damage the finish of your computer. 
❑ Should any solid object or liquid fall into the computer, shut down your computer and then unplug it. 
You may want to have the computer checked by qualified personnel before operating it any further.
❑ Do not drop the computer or place heavy objects on top of the computer.

--- Page 101 ---
Hardware Guide
Precautions
100
nN
❑ Do not place your computer in a location subject to: 
❑ Heat sources, such as radiators or air ducts,
❑ Direct sunlight,
❑ Excessive dust,
❑ Moisture or rain,
❑ Mechanical vibration or shock,
❑ Strong magnets or speakers that are not magnetically shielded,
❑ Ambient temperature of more than 35ºC or less than 10ºC,
❑ High humidity.
❑ Do not place electronic equipment near your computer. The electromagnetic field of your computer may 
cause a malfunction.
❑ Provide adequate air circulation to prevent that internal heat builds up. Do not place your computer on 
porous surfaces such as rugs or blankets, or near material such as curtains or draperies that may block its 
ventilation slots.
❑ The computer uses high-frequency radio signals and may cause interference to radio or TV reception. 
Should this occur, relocate the computer a suitable distance away from the set.
❑ Use only specified peripheral equipment and interface cables; otherwise, problems may result.
❑ Do not use cut or damaged connection cables.
❑ Your computer cannot be connected to a coin-operated telephone, and may not work with a private 
branch exchange (PBX).
❑ If the computer is brought directly from a cold location to a warm one, moisture may condense inside your 
computer. In this case, allow at least one hour before turning on your computer. If any problem occurs, 
unplug your computer and contact VAIO-Link.
❑ Make sure to disconnect the power cord before cleaning the computer.

--- Page 102 ---
Hardware Guide
Precautions
101
nN
On handling floppy disks
❑ Do not open the shutter manually or touch the surface of the floppy disk.
❑ Keep floppy disks away from magnets.
❑ Keep floppy disks away from direct sunlight and other heat sources.
On handling discs
❑ Do not touch the surface of the disc.
❑ Do not drop or bend the disc.
❑ Fingerprints and dust on the surface of a disc may cause read errors. Proper care of the disc is essential 
to maintain its reliability. Do not use solvents such as benzine, thinner, commercially available cleaners 
or anti-static spray, as they may cause damage to the disc.
❑ For normal cleaning, hold the disc by its edge and use a soft cloth to wipe the surface from the centre 
out.
❑ If the disc is badly soiled, moisten a soft cloth with water, wring it out well, and use it to wipe the surface 
of the disc from the centre out. Wipe off any remaining moisture with a dry soft cloth.
On using the battery pack
❑ Never leave the battery pack in temperatures above 60°C, such as in a car parked in the sun or under 
direct sunlight.
❑ Battery life is shorter in a cold environment. This is due to decreased battery efficiency at low 
temperatures.
❑ Charge the batteries at temperatures between 10°C to 30°C. Lower temperatures require a longer 
charging time.
❑ While the battery is in use or being discharged, the battery pack heats up. This is normal and is not cause 
for concern.

--- Page 103 ---
Hardware Guide
Precautions
102
nN
❑ Keep the battery pack away from all sources of heat.
❑ Keep the battery pack dry.
❑ Do not open or try to disassemble the battery pack.
❑ Do not expose the battery pack to any mechanical shock.
❑ If you are not using the computer for an extended period of time, remove the battery pack from the 
computer to prevent damage to the battery.
❑ If, after fully charging the battery pack, the battery power is still low, the battery pack may be reaching 
the end of its life and should be replaced.
❑ You do not need to discharge the battery before recharging.
❑ If you have not used the battery pack for a considerable amount of time, recharge the battery.
On using headphones
❑ Road safety – Do not use headphones while driving, cycling, or operating any motorized vehicle. It may 
create a traffic hazard and is illegal in some areas. It can also be potentially dangerous to play loud music 
while walking, especially at pedestrian crossings. 
❑ Preventing hearing damage – Avoid using headphones at high volume. Hearing experts advise 
against continuous, loud and extended play. If you experience a ringing in your ears, reduce the volume 
or discontinue use.

--- Page 104 ---
Hardware Guide
Precautions
103
nN
On handling the Memory Stick™ (optional accessory)
❑ Do not touch the connector with your finger or metallic objects.
❑ Use only the label supplied with the Memory Stick™ as a label.
❑ Do not bend, drop, or apply strong shock to the Memory Stick™.
❑ Do not disassemble or modify Memory Sticks™.
❑ Do not let cards get wet.
❑ Do not use or store Memory Sticks™ in a location subject to:
❑ Extremely high temperatures, such as in a car parked in the sun,
❑ Direct sunlight,
❑ High humidity or near corrosive substances.
❑ Use the storage case supplied with the Memory Stick™.

--- Page 105 ---
Hardware Guide
Glossary
104
nN
Glossary
This section refers to terms used in this manual and elsewhere in the VAIO world. These terms and 
definitions have been compiled to provide you with a better understanding of your VAIO computer.
Term Definition
<F1> key
The <F1> key gives you access to the online help of most software.
10BASE-T/100BASE-TX
Ethernet system providing data transfer rates of 10 Mbps (megabits per second) and 
100 Mbps. The 100BASE-TX is a very direct derivative of 10BASE-T. Its 100 Mbps speed is 
achieved by simply sending the signal 10 times faster.
ACPI
Short for Advanced Configuration and Power Interface, a power management specification. 
ACPI enables the operating system to turn peripherals on and off and to control the amount 
of power given to each device attached to the computer. With ACPI, a CD-ROM player can 
be turned off by the operating system if it is not in use.
BIOS
An acronym for Basic Input/Output System. The BIOS is a program that enables the computer 
to start when you turn it on. It monitors the data stream between the operating system and 
the computer’s hardware devices.
CardBus
CardBus is the commercial name for an advanced PC Card. The CardBus technology allows 
computer users to enjoy higher performances as far as data transfer and operating speed are 
concerned. See PCMCIA.
CD-ROM
Abbreviation for Compact Disc Read-Only Memory. A high-capacity optical disc, usually 
650 MB in size, capable of being read from but not written to.
CD-RW
Short for Compact Disc-ReWriteable. Compact Disc that can be used to write or rewrite data 
to it. A CD-RW can be written to several times, a CD-R can only be written to once.

--- Page 106 ---
Hardware Guide
Glossary
105
nN
CPU
The CPU (Central Processing Unit) is the brains of the computer; it processes the instructions 
of your system’s programs. The CPU is also known as the processor or microprocessor and can 
be found on the motherboard of your computer.
DC In
The Direct Current interface to which you connect your computer’s AC adapter.
Driver 
A driver is software enabling you to use hardware devices. For example, in order for you to 
be able to use a printer, you must first install its driver. Many drivers, such as the mouse 
driver, come with the operating system.
DVD 
Short for Digital Versatile Disc. A type of read-only CD with a minimum capacity of 4.7 GB 
(maximum capacity can reach 17 GB). This high storage power makes it the ideal medium for 
storing films.
DVD-R
A writable DVD, based on the DVD-R  format, that can be used to write a program or other 
data.
DVD+R
A writable DVD, based on the DVD+R format, that can be used to write a program or other 
data.
DVD-RW
A rewritable DVD, based on the DVD-R format, that can be used to write, erase and rewrite 
a program or other data approximately 1,000 times.
See http://www.dvdrw.com for more information on the DVD-RW.
DVD+RW
The DVD+RW is a slightly different rewritable DVD format, backed by a group of companies 
known as the DVD+RW Consortium, which includes Sony. Its advantages include high-
compatibility, high capacity and  easy-to-use functionality. Like the DVD-RW, it can be 
rewritten about 1,000 times. However, a DVD+RW drive writes at a higher speed than a DVD-
RW drive.
See  http://www.dvdplusrw.org for more information on the DVD+RW.
Term Definition

--- Page 107 ---
Hardware Guide
Glossary
106
nN
Ethernet
Ethernet is the most widely implemented local area network (LAN) technology. The Ethernet 
system called 10BASE-T provides data transfer rates of 10 Mbps (megabits per second). A 
more recent version of Ethernet, called 100BASE-T, provides data transfer rates of 100 Mbps. 
Gigabit Ethernet supports data rates of 1 gigabit (1,000 megabits) per second.
EULA
EULA (End-User Licence Agreement) is the name given to a licence governing the software 
on your computer. The EULA can be found in the Read this first section at the beginning 
of the software guide or directly on the VAIO desktop.
i.LINK™
i.LINK™ is Sony’s version of the IEEE 1394 standard for high-speed digital serial interface. 
The standard is regarded in the audio/video and IT industries as the most suitable interface 
for connecting computers and digital audio/video devices (such as digital cameras etc.).
ISP
An ISP (Internet Service Provider) is a company which provides you with a user name, 
password and telephone number in order to connect to the Internet.
L2 cache memory
Cache memory is RAM-like memory that enables quick access to data that has already been 
read by the computer. L1 and L2 are levels of cache memory in a computer.
LAN
A LAN (Local Area Network) is a group of computers connected together within a limited 
geographical area. It enables users to share devices (such as printers) and information using 
one processor or server.
LCD
Short for Liquid Crystal Display. Flat notebook display technology using liquid crystals (and 
light polarisation) to provide sharp, flicker-free images on a screen comprised of millions of 
tiny cells. Colour can be produced by two basic techniques. Passive matrix is the less 
expensive of the two technologies. The active matrix technology (or TFT) produces better 
quality but is also more expensive.
LED
Short for Light-Emitting Diode. A semiconductor device that lights up when electricity passes 
through it.
Term Definition

--- Page 108 ---
Hardware Guide
Glossary
107
nN
Lithium-ion battery
A lithium-ion battery uses lithium cobalt oxide and carbon as electrodes and ions move from 
one electrode to the other during charge and discharge. Lithium-ion batteries are the first 
choice for notebooks because of their light weight, high energy density and because they 
have no memory effect. In addition they do not use heavy metals like lead, mercury or 
cadmium.
MAPI
Short for Messaging Application Program Interface. A Microsoft Windows interface 
enabling you to send e-mail messages. It allows e-mail access and distribution among 
applications. MAPI-compatible applications include a Send Mail or Send in the File menu of 
the application.
Maximum RAM
The maximum amount of RAM that your computer can contain. Once this amount is 
reached, you can no longer add additional RAM to your computer.
Motherboard
The motherboard is the main circuit board inside your computer. It holds the CPU, the BIOS, 
the memory and so on.
MPEG
MPEG or Moving Pictures Experts Group is a standard for audio-visual compression of video 
sequences. MPEG achieves high compression rates by storing only the changes from one 
frame to another. The decrease in data is generally imperceptible to the human eye. 
MPEG-1 was developed for digital storage of video and audio data on CD-ROM. MPEG-2 
achieves better image and audio quality and is more targeted to TV broadcasting and DVD.
Operating system
The operating system is software that manages all the other programs in a computer. It 
defines how the computer reads and writes information to its disks (and other hardware). 
Windows 2000, Windows Millennium Edition, Windows XP Professional or Home Edition* 
are examples of operating systems found on VAIOs.
Partition
A partition is a logical division of a computer’s hard disk. A two-partition hard drive would 
typically contain C: and D: drives. Partitioning is particularly useful if you run more than one 
operating system or to clearly separate your data files from your installed software.
Term Definition

--- Page 109 ---
Hardware Guide
Glossary
108
nN
PBX
A PBX (Private Branch Exchange) is a private telephone network within an enterprise. Under 
this system, the calls between the enterprise members are local and the phone numbers are 
made up of 3 or 4 digits. Companies generally choose this phone system for internal 
communication because it is less expensive than the regular network. The users can still 
share a number of outside lines for making calls external to the PBX.
PC Card
A PCMCIA card. The term PC Card is more widely used than PCMCIA. See PCMCIA.
PCMCIA
PCMCIA (Personal Computer Memory Card International Association) is the name of the 
group that produced the specification for the credit card-sized plug-in boards for laptop 
computers. The cards used to be called PCMCIA cards, but as this was rather 
unpronounceable, these cards are now termed PC cards. An example of a PC card is a credit 
card-sized modem.
Pixel
A pixel (Picture Element) is a part of your screen. Your screen is made up of thousands of 
pixels, enabling you to see colours and pictures on it. The more pixels, the higher the 
resolution and the better the image quality.
Processor
The processor is the brains of the computer; it processes the instructions of your system’s 
programs. The processor is also known as the CPU or microprocessor and can be found on 
the motherboard (see this word) of your computer.
PS/2
A type of mouse or keyboard port.
PSTN
PSTN (Public Switched Telephone Network) refers to the plain old telephone service, the 
national telecommunication networks implementing voice transmission by using analog 
signals.
Term Definition

--- Page 110 ---
Hardware Guide
Glossary
109
nN
RAM
Short for Random Access Memory, the memory used to run programs and store data in 
current use. RAM is the fastest kind of memory to read from and write to. Information stored 
in RAM is lost when you turn off the computer. The higher the RAM capacity, the faster your 
current data can be processed.
Resolution
The degree of sharpness and clarity of an image. Resolution is expressed in pixels. Frequent 
computer screen resolutions are 640 x 480 pixels (VGA resolution; appropriate for a 14-inch 
screen), 800 x 600 (appropriate for a 15-inch screen), 1,024 by 768 (appropriate for a 17-inch 
screen), and 1,280 by 1,024. LCD displays usually use a higher resolution than a CRT of the 
same size.
RGB signal cable
RGB stands for Red, Green, Blue. A cable that requires separate transmission types for the 
three colours on the display.
SDRAM
Synchronous DRAM is a kind of dynamic random access memory running at a much higher 
clock speed than regular memory.
Standard RAM
The amount of RAM that is available on your computer when you purchase it.
System recovery
A recovery process that enables you to recover the hard disk image initially available on the 
computer. Performing a system recovery is useful in the event of a serious system crash or if 
you want to modify the size of your partitions.
Depending on your model:
You can find the system recovery on the VAIO Recovery and Documentation Disc. For more 
information, please refer to the Guide to Troubleshooting and Using the VAIO 
Recovery Documentation Disc.
OR:
You can find the system recovery on your hard disk drive. For more information, please refer 
to the Guide to Troubleshooting and Recovering your VAIO system.
Term Definition

--- Page 111 ---
Hardware Guide
Glossary
110
nN
TFT
Short for Thin Film Transistor. Top-of-the-range notebook display for excellent picture 
quality. The TFT technology offers the sharpest resolution for flat displays; each pixel is 
supported by one to four transistors.
UPS
A UPS (Uninterruptible Power Supply) is a device including a battery that protects your 
computer from data loss in the event of a power failure. The battery takes over as soon as a 
power interruption is detected. If you are using the computer when the power failure 
occurs, you have time to save all unsaved data and to shut down your computer.
USB
USB (Universal Serial Bus) is a hardware interface for attaching devices (such as a keyboard, 
mouse, joystick, scanner or printer). You can connect up to 127 devices to a USB port. The 
USB standard is Hot Plug and Play.
VAIO
Short for Video Audio Integrated Operation. Brand name covering Sony's PC products, 
peripherals, accessories and software. VAIO-branded items are all designed to make the best 
use of Sony's Audio-Video (AV) and Information Technology (IT) skills.
VAIO Recovery and 
Documentation Disc
Depending on your model:
Disc that enables a VAIO computer user to recover the hard disk image that was available 
when the computer was purchased. It also contains the online documentation. The disc is 
delivered with your computer. For more information, please refer to the Guide to 
Troubleshooting and Using the VAIO Recovery Documentation Disc.
WAN
WAN (Wide Area Network) is a computer network connected together and covering a 
relatively large geographical area. This is in contrast to LAN, where the network is usually 
set up within one building or small geographical area. The largest existing WAN is the 
Internet.
XGA
Short for Extended Graphic Array, a graphics standard. An XGA board can provide up to 
1,024 x 768 pixels and supports up to 65 thousand colours.
Term Definition

--- Page 112 ---
Hardware Guide
Glossary
111
nN
Trademarks
Sony, DVgate, DVgate Plus, Giga Pocket, HotKey Utility, Memory Stick Formatter, PictureGear Studio, SonicStage, SonicStage Mastering 
Studio, Sony Notebook Setup, Sony Style Imaging, UI Design Selector, VAIO Action Setup, VAIO Edit Components, VAIO Media, VAIO 
System Information, Memory Stick, the Memory Stick logo, VAIO and the VAIO logo are trademarks of Sony Corporation.
Microsoft, Internet Explorer, Windows Movie Maker, Windows Media Player, Windows XP Professional, Windows Home Edition, 
Microsoft Works and the Windows logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the U.S. and other 
countries.
i.LINK is a trademark of Sony used only to designate that a product contains an IEEE1394 connection.
Adobe, Adobe Acrobat Reader, Adobe Reader, Adobe Premiere LE and Adobe Photoshop
 
Elements are trademarks of Adobe Systems 
Incorporated.
QuickTime and the QuickTime logo are trademarks used under licence. QuickTime is registered in the U.S. and other countries.
RealOne Player is a trademark or registered trademark of RealNetworks, Inc. in the U.S. and other countries.
MoodLogic is a trademark of MoodLogic, Inc.
PowerPanel is a trademark of Phoenix Technologies Ltd.
Norton Internet Security 2003 is a trademark of Symantec Corporation.
EverQuest is a registered trademark of Sony Computer Entertainment America Inc. 
Click to DVD is a trademark of Sony Electronics.
Drag’n Drop CD+DVD is a registered trademark of Easy Systems Japan Ltd.
WinDVD for VAIO is a trademark of InterVideo, Inc.
PowerDVD for VAIO is a trademark or registered trademark of CyberLink Corporation.
All other names of systems, products and services are trademarks of their respective owners. In the manual, the ™ or 
®
 marks are not 
specified.
Specifications are subject to change without notice. All other trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners.
Please see the printed Specifications sheet to see what software is available for your model.

